ConretpniHlem* of the Trw Dems*
 Black Laws—Case nt Wooster.
 Dorcas Pat tenon brought her act on against
 the Trustees of Woosier Township, for
 $26,00, under the oth action of the Act for
 the relief of the poor (Swan's Statute* page
 0S0) the same was tried before John H.
 Harass, a Justice of said Township. The
 plained proved upon the trial, that she had
 tendered one Polly Terrone to the Trustees,
 that they refuted to take charge of her, that
 plaintiff had furnisher) said Polly w ith tempo
 rary relief and support, that said Polly was
 in great want, &amp;c. and in truth, all these
 facta were not denied by the defendants.
 The defendants rested then defense on
 the ground that aaui Polly Tenone was a
 black person, and not a proper charge upon
 the township of Wooster, and relied upon
 2nd Section of said Act (Swan's Statute,
 page 635) which reads aa follows
 Sec. 11. "That nothing in this Act shall
 be so construed as to enable any black or
 mulatto person to gain a legal tcttkmf.nl in
 thia state.”
 To which the Plaintiff, by her counsel
 urged that this action was for the temporary
 relief and support of said Polly, and quoted
 the 7th section aforesaid, which reads as fol
 lows
 Sec. VIII. "The overei-ers of the poor in
 each Township shall also afford temporary re
 lief or support to any person in their Town
 ship and not having a legal settlement in the
 same, when such relief or support is needed.”
 The Justice took time to consider and make
 up his opinion of the law, which he announc
 ed, in substance, as follows: ‘That he was
 not entirely clear in his mind, but thought
 blacks and Mulattoes were not within the
 provisions of the law for the support of the
 poor,’.and non-suited the plaintiff.
 Believing this not to be a correct construc
 tion of our present laws, counsel advised an
 appeal, which has been perfected.
 1 make no comments here, further Ilian to
 aay, that if this is the Wue construction of
 our present laws, then they are still “Black
 Laws.”
 Counsel for Plaintiff. Eugene Pardee.
 John McSweency for the defendants.
 Morn about the Californian Convention.
 The Empire City brought about thirteen
 thousand letters and one. thousand newspapers,
 besides over a million of dollars in gold dus*.
 The most important intelligence relates to
 the action taken by the inhabitants of Califor
 nia for the formation of a State. The fol
 lowing synopsis of this action is given by
 the Alta California
 The bill of rights, as adopted in a com
 mittee of the whole, embraces twenty sections,
 of the usual character of such provisions.
 The only point upon w'hich it was supposed
 a coniroveisy would arise—the question of
 slavery, passed without debate, and unani
 mously prohibiting slavery. Some were in
 favor of submitting the malter to the people
 fora separate vote; but it was not contended
 tor with any show of strenuosity, and was
 voted down unanimously.
 The suffrage question was the source of
 considerable debate but was finally disposed
 of by admitting all male citizens ‘of the
 United States, six months resident in Cali
 fornia, and twenty-one yeatsofage, (Indians,
 Africans, and the descendants of Africans,
 excepted,) to the privileges of electors.
 The Legislature is to consist of twp bran
 ches, an Assembly, and a Senate, with such
 general powers, privileges, and duiics, as arc
 usually given to such bodies. Banking cor
 porations and lotteries are prohibited, and all
 other corporations, except for municipal pur
 poses, are to be established under geneial
 laws, the stockholders to bo individually liabL
 for all debts.
 The members of the Assembly are to be
 elected annually, and the members of the
 Senatejare to hold their offices for two years,
 Odo half of the Seuate is to be elected annu
 al y. No person can be a member of the
 Legislature who has not been a lesident oi
 the State one year, in addition *o other quali
 fications.
 The number of members of Assembly is
 never to be less than twenty-four, nor more
 than thirty-six, until the number of inhabi
 tants, in this State shall amount to one hun
 dred thousand, and after that period at such
 a ratio that the whole number of members of
 Aasembly shall never be less than thirty, nor
 more than eighty. The Senate is never to
 consist of less than one-thiid, nor more than
 one-half the number of the Assembly.
 Some division of opinion arose on a prnpo
 silion to prevent fiee persons of culm from
 settling in California, and also to prevent
 slaveholders from bringing slaves into the
 State, for the puiposo of liberating them. It
 finally passed the committee of the w hole,
 but aa it has been looked upon since as jeopar
 dizing the ratification of the Constitution by
 Congress, and as this feeling was gaining
 ground, the House probably will strike it
 out.
 A Coventor, Lieutenant Goveinoi, Secre
 taiy of Slate, Comptiolier, 'lieasurer. Attor
 ney General, and Surveyor General, consti
 tnte the Executive Department. They are
 all to hold their offices for two \ears. The
 Governor and Lieutenant Governor are to be
 elected by general ballot; the Secretary of
 Slate is to be appointed by the Governor, bv
 aud wall the advice and consent of the Sen
 ate the Comptroller and three oilier State
 officers are to be elected bv the Legislature
 in joint ballot for the first term, and after
 wards by the people at the General State
 Election.
 An effort was made in the Committee of the
 Whole to strike out the olfieeof Comptroller,
 but it failed. It will, however, In; again
 pressed in the House, aud as the office to
 tally unnecessary we trust the motion will be
 successful. The Governor has the usual
 powers, including the veto, and the privileges
 and duties of bis ullice do not vary materially
 ftotn those of all other States in tne Union.
 The other State officers corecapond m duties
 and powers with those generally ascribed
 them.
 The article relative to the Militia, as passed
 in the committee of the whole, is substanti
 ally such as is found in other State Con-titu-
 Uons, as is that also relative to amendments.
 The Boundary, Judicial and Educational
 questions weie not decided upon at last ad
 vices, but it was supposed the Convention
 would adjuurn in all the fust week in October.
 There is also intelligence of great discov
 eries of gold mines— particularly bv Col.
 rreinont, who is reported to have failed upon
 untold fortunes.
 New Mexico Moving.
 The Santa Fc Republican, of the 2oth Sep
 tember reports the preliminary proceedings of
 portion of the people of New Mexico on
 the subject of forming a Government f., r
 themselves. A meeting was first held at
 Santa Fe, on Slat August. The subject was
 discussed at length. On the following da\
 tb« discussion war resumed, and, at last, a
 long preamble, with a long series of resolu
 tions, was adopted. The seventh resolution
 &gt;s as follows:
 "7. That Lteuteoant Colonel Beaii, com
 manding the troops in Santa Fe, the capital
 of the Territory, tie requested to recominc ad
 to the citizens of the several counties to as
 semble in mass meetings as follows, to wit.
 The counties of Sama Fe, San Miguel del
 Bade, Bio Arriba, Sima Anna, and Bct
 naiillo, to hold one meeting each at the court
 boose of said copQlie», for the county of
 Taos, two places of meeting are r&lt; corn iicnd
 ed —one m«eung to be held at the court house
 in the town of Don Fernandez de Tans, for
 the election of two delegatee to leprcsent
 said town and the neighboring towns and m
 habilaota, aud the other in the town of Lodi
 Mora, to elect one delegate to represent earn
 town and adjacent towns and inhabitants fur
the county of Valencia, it is recommended to
 have four*place* of meeting—one lo be held
 in Dona Anna, for the election of ooe dele
 gate to represent said town and the towns
 and inhabitants fouth of if one at Soeorro,
 lor the election of one delegate to represent
 said and adjacent town and inhabitants one
 at Sabinal, to elect one delegate to represent
 said town and adjacent towns and inhabitants;
 and one at Valencia, to elect two delegates
 to represent said town and the balance and
 northern part of the said county of Valencia.
 The said mass meetings to on the
 10th day of September. 1849, at two o’clock
 in the afternoon, for the purpose of electing
 delegates to a general convention, to be held
 m the city of Santa Fe, on the 24th day of
 September, 1849, and that the rate of tepre
 sentauon be regulated by the organic law of
 the Territory, adopted by General Kearny.”
 Lieutenant Colonel Beall approved the pro
 i and issued a proclamation accord
 ingly.
 Independence in Cuba.
 lh« “New-Orleane Crescent” translates
 from the Spanish, the following extracts of a
 private letter from a wealthy planter in Cuba
 —dated the 16th ult:
 Fhe patriots here are fast recovering from
 i the depression and discouragement occasion
 ed by the proclamation of the hero of Buena
 i sl and by thn measures adopted by his
 Cabinet.—Many who, before the late events,
 had not given a thought to the subject of in
 dependence, or who doubted its feasibility,
 have been brought by the action of, the
 American Government, and by the alarm
 caused to bur authorities by the Round Is
 landers, to reflect serio sly upon the matter, to
 discuss it with their friends, and to examine
 the competency of the means proposed to
 achieve the ends desired. The consequence
 has been a belter understanding among our
 selves, and an increased confidence in our
 ultimate success. So you may rely upon it,
 the good spirit is abroad again through the
 land—the spirit of Independence and Liberty
 It pervades all classes, and has crept into the
 very ranks of the armv. The Havana Regi
 ment, lately sent by Roncali to Pueilo Prin
 cipe, to fight the much dreaded Hound Is
 landers, revolted against their officers, and
 threatened them with death. The revolt
 commenced with shouts of‘Liberty and Gen.
 j Lopez!* The Captain General not daring,
 i in the present critical situation of affairs,
 to visit the Regiment with all the severity of
 military law. has divided them into four parts
 j and &amp;ent them of! to distant and separate
 stations.
 "I need not tell you that the spirit of de
 testation which the oppressed natives of this
 Island bear to their important masters, as
 sumes a mote decided character as the pros-
 I poc: of getting iid of these master* draws
 1 nearer.
 "The persecution of the creoles suspected
 of disaffection has commenced, or rather re
 sumed its accustomed course. There are
 two prosecutions for conspiracy now’ going on
 r in Trinidad and in Mantanzas. The accused
 are numerous. Many others are now in jail
 for the same olTcnee. I will keep you ad
 vised of whatever may turn up worthy of
 publication.
 I “A new spy was sent out from here to
 1 New York bv the steamer Ohio, and anoth
 er is ready to be shipped lo New Orleans by
 the return of the same steamer. These, spies
 have been elected from high life, the belter
 to dul, suspicion and to enable them to pene
 trate into every circle,”
THE NORTH STAR.
I ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 23, 1849.
 Letter from the Editor.
 Pkovidence, R. 1., Nov. 16.
 There is always more or less interest felt in
 1 absent friends in the meetings and conventions
 of those laboring upon common ground for
 i the overthrow of slavery. While the anti
 slavery cause is neglected and despised—
 while those who- are engaged in it are the
 subjects of miarrpresentation, calumny and
 h abuse, by a corrupt press, and a canting pul
 pit —and while abolitionist, are bound togeth
 !t r by the strong ties of common suffeiings
 and sympathies, this interest will continue to
 be felt to the most dislant extremeties of our
 ranks. Anti-slavery meetings are a sign of
 i anti-slavery life. Discussion—bold, hot, and
 j exciting, is the natural element of the latter.
 It delights to meet the people face to face—to
 look into the eyes and hearts of men. Speech.'
 speech! the live, calm, grave, clear, pointed,
 warm, sweet, melodious and powerful human
 voice, is iis chosen instrumentality. The pen
 j is not to be despised, but who that knows
 anything of the might and electricity of speech
 as it bursts from hearts of fire, glowing with
 light and life, will not acknowledge the supe
 riority over the pen for immediate effect. As
 tronomy, Zoology, Botany, Conchology,
 Chemistry, and Geology, are fit subjects for
 the pen, but humanity, justice and liberty, de
 mand he service of the living human voice,
 j aud the power of exalted eloquence, as their
 exponent.
 Slavery can use the pen at the North with
 considerable impunity. It can gild its deadly
 poison w ith beautiful aud attractive colors, and
 escape 'with little harm. Ink and paper have
 no sense of shame—they cannot blush under
 exp -sure, nor smart under rebuke and indig
 nation. But just let slavery present its bra
 zen front to the great congregation of living,
 breathing human beings, and its ugly "phiz”
 is at once covered with confusion. The pro
 slavery clergy, and dough-faced politicians
 know this, and therefore, seldom venture into
 onr meetings fot the purpose of opposing us
 face to face. They silently, basely lay in
 wait to catch us in our words, that they may
 use our mistakes and foibles against us when
 we are not allowed to reply. They know
 that slavety is a poor orator when confronted
 by an abolitionist, and they wisely keep si
 lence. But enough.
 I took up my pen to give a hasty account of
 the fourteenth annual meeting of the Rhode
 Island State Anti-Slavery Society. It com
 menced iis deliberations in this city on Wed
 nesday morning at II o’clock, and continued
 till Thursday night nearly 11 o’clock. The
 occasion lias been one of a highly gratifying
 '•haracier. 1 he spacious Mechanic’s Hall
 i was at times etowded at every point with a
 v «y respectable class of people, who listened
 l w nil profound attention to the glorious thoughts
 and truths that poured at limes from the plat
 lorm Hie first morning meeting w*s but
 tb.nlv attended—the abolitionists themselves
 bad not come in and at the hour appointed,
 the vacant hall presented a sad appearance.—
 Abolitionists should be prompt on such occa
 sion, as much depends upon a right com
 mencement for a happy conclusion, though
 the ptesent meeting may sem, tobe s contra
 diction to tins statement, We started vad
 and desponding but ended in the most cht*r
 fui and hopeful spirit. The speaking
 commenced on Thursday morning by C. C.
 Burleigh, who, in his usnil masterly style,
 reviewed the present aspect of Anti-Slavery
i
 iffa.rs. North and Sooth. The coed—ien
 from w hich was, that anlr-sUvery men have,
 the strongest ground for encouragement. Hie
 speech ess listened to by the scattered few
 with a thoughtful stillness which showed that
 his words were received into good and baoeet
 hearts. Mr. Burleigh was followed by Dr.
 Walter Chanoing, of Boston, in a highly in
 teresting and touching speech. He alluded,
 in a delicate and feeling manner, to the name
 be bore, and the state of bis birth. Congrat* j
 ula ted on on the goodness of oar cease, and.
 the certainty of ita success; described his emo
 tions while listening, in the British Parlia
 ment forty years ago, to a speech from the lipe
 of the meek-spirited bat dauntless Wants*
 force contrasted the Wilberforce of that
 day with the Wilberforce of history, and ar
 gued therefrom a day of triumph and glory to
 the present anti-slavery movement. He said
 he had seen William Lloyd Garrison dragged
 through the streets of Boston, only a few
 years ago, with a halter about his person; but
 behold the change! The man thas persecu
 ted, has become great in the land, and his
 opinions have overspread the country, and are
 echoed on the banks of the Pacific by a hun
 dred thousand voices. This sentiment was
 loudly cheered by the audience, showing that
 they appreciated its truth as well as its beau
 ty. The Dr. was in the city on a professional
 visit, and was compelled to leave at an early
 period, greatly to the regret of the audience
 The morning session ended by a few remarks
 from myself. In the afternoon the meeting
 was much larger than that held in tbe morning,
 and presented a livelier appearance. The fa
 ces of old and dear friends greeted me, from
 various parts of the hall, which told me that
 anti slavery was not dead in Rhode Island,
 that there were yet a chosen few who were
 not weary in well doing. Eider Cheeney
 was upon the platform when I reached the
 hall. Some one had informed him that
 thoughts were entertained of abandoning the
 R. I. Anti-Slavery Society. He had only
 heard that the thought had been entertained,
 but the bate mention of it had called him to
 his feel—and he poured forth hia feelings and
 arguments against it in a strain of eloquence
 which frequently elicited the hearty approba
 tion of the audience. Mr. Cheeney referred
 to the religious views of Mr. Garrison, and
 declared that though a believer and a minister
 of the gospel of Christ, he felt happy to occu
 py the anti-slavery platform with William
 Lloyd Garrison. Here a theological alterca
 tion took place between the speaker and Mr.
 Ray Potter, who denounced Mr. Garrison aa
 an infidel, and a pope and said that when
 Mr. Garrison had any influence in the Rhode
 Island Society, he (Ray Potter) had never
 been treated with respect and courtesy in its
 meetings. This controversy soon spent itself
 by letting it alone, and the proceedings again
 went on regularly. The annual report was
 read by Cyrus M. Burleigh. A business
 committee to prepare resolutions was appoint
 ed, aud several pertinent speeches were made,
 and the meeting adjourned to meet again at
 half-past six o’clock in the evening.
 At the time appointed, the house was crowd
 ed, and the platform reinforced. There was
 no lack of speakers C. C. Burleigh, Charles
 Lenox Remond. C. M. Burleigh, George
 Bradburn, Mrs. Sophia Liitle, Ray Potter,
 and Mrs. Redlow, besides many of the rank
 and file who could give tongue to the cause of
 the bondmjn, were present, and ready to work
 when opportunity presented. The evening
 meeting was first addressed by C. C. Bur
 leiglt, on the importance of keeping the sub
 ject of anti slavery before the country in ita
 most concentrated form. He was followed by
 our friend Charles Lenox Remond, who spoke
 with great effect, showing the pernicious in
 fluence of slavery upon all classes of the peo
 ple of this country—tho white as well as the
 black man. As a colored man, under the ban
 of a wicked prejudice and cruel proscription,
 1 listened with pride and admiration to the el
 oquence of this accomplished colored orator.
 If he stood alone, without another in the land
 to vindicate the manhood and mental power
 of ray oppressed, despised and plundered peo
 ple, his single example would be sufficient to
 put to silence and to shame the miserable and
 degrading theories with respect to us. Mr.
 Remond was followed by Mr. Bradburn, who
 spoke with unusual ease and effect. The au
 dience were pleased with his wit, and laughed
 heartily at his humorous manner, and his sin
 gularly extravagant gestures. 1 must not
 pretend to report his speech for fear of mis
 representing him.
 After Mr. Bradburn, the writer was called
 to the platform, and addressed the assembly
 till nearly ten o’clock, when the meeting ad
 journed to ten o'clock Thursday morning.—
 Of the meeting during Thursday, I must refer
 my readers to its official proceedings. I may,
 however, say a word of the evening meeting.
 It was the greatest and most interesting of all.
 The vast hall was densely crowded, and being
 brilliantly lighted, presented a grand scene.
 There was light and life there. Hearts to be
 touched, and judgments to be convinced.
 There were heads and face# that evinced the
 presence of age and experience, and told the
 speakers that intelligence and dignity were
 expected to characterise the occasion. A se
 nes of resolutions was on the table, involving
 the whole question of a dissolution of the
 Union. Those front the business committee
 affirmed the doctrine of disunion, and those
 from Mr. George L. Clarke were of an oppo
 s: j .racier. It was evident to all that a
 reluctance was felt on the part of some of
 the Providence friends to hn this subject din
 cus»~U Mr. Davis, a member of the Slate
 Assembly, ar 1 a member of tbe Rhode Island
 State Anti-Slavery Society, hoped that the
 subject would not be brought forward that
 evening. It was, to hia mind, a question
 better suited to smaller meetings, composed
 entirely of abolitionists. After numerous re
 marks from various speakers as to the propri
 ety of bringing forward the subject, it was
 agreed that each speaker should decide for
 himself which of the resolutions, or aeries of
 resolutions should form the basis of hia re
 marks. The writer at once took the platform,
 and in a speech of about thirty minutes open
 ed the whole subject of disunion; whereupon
 Mr. Bradburn was called to hia feet, and -~4t
 ooe of the best speeches I ever heard, against
 the doctrines of the Americas Anti-Slavery
 Society, on the subject of disunion. He spoke
 nearly an hour, and was rapturously applaud
 ed throughout. He evidently bed the sympa
 thy of tbs audience wuh him, sad sat down
 with an air of triumph. But the «ti»wpk was
 then. Charles C. Barkigh amended the
platform, and proeoaded to addima the
 mg for a time ia a strain of convincing elo
 qneoce, not even alluding to ih« *P eech to
 which the audience had j«*t listened. This
 wan, for the most part, to dear away tbe
 meaningless and useless rubbish with which
 the great central question bad been surround
 ed. He went from point to point with the
 spend and agility of an Arabian racer. First,
 bn vend the resolutions; second, he referred
 to the different aspects of the question to
 which they related then gawe statement oi
 the various points in their logical order. The
 audience were atilL All bad been laughter
 and pleasantry before —all was still now.—
 On went the speaker. Truth had mounted
 her swiftest chariot. The great lessons of
 duty were made to shine like stars in the blue
 firmament. He at length baited, and took up
 a bit of paper; it was a paper containing the
 points of Mr. Bradburn*a speech. One by
 one he took them up, turned them over, re
 plied to, and triumphantly refuted them.—
 Mr. Burleigh was several times interrupted
 by Mr. Bradburn, witn questions and replies,
 but these formed no barrier to the iron strength
 of Burleigh’s argument. They only called
 forth finer and brighter qualities of mind from
 the speaker, than be had before displayed, and
 subjected the restless objector to more com
 plete and disastrous defeats. Aside from
 the glorious truths vindicated, and my sincere
 interest in them, the debate on intellectual
 grounds was worth going the whole journey
 from Rochester to Providence to hear.
 During the meeting, a hall was provided by
 the anti-slavery ladies, where dinner and tea
 were prepared each day, for the accommoda
 tion of friends from the country. I have not
 time just now for farther comment upon this
 meeting it was a great and glorious one.—
 F. D.
The Disfranchised American
 Is the title of a new publication of small
 size, we suppose intended to be issued weekly,
 devoted to the interests of the colored people
 of Philadelphia. It ia respectably edited artd
 printed. If we may judge from the two first
 numbers which we have received, this paper
 will eapeciallyjrepresent the views of the pro
 slavery religious and secret societies of the
 colored people in Philadelphia. To speak
 our mind candidly, we may say that we con
 sider this new* publication uncalled for and
 unnecessary. We cannot conscientiousry
 wish it success. To do so would be equiva
 lent to praying for the prevalence of igno
 rance, bigotry and division to the overthrow
 of which, our energies are constantly di
 rected.
The "Rochester Anit-Slavery Fair”
 has been postponed till the 16th of January,
 to give time to make more extensive prepara
 tions —neariy all the old articles left over
 from other fairs haing been disposed of. We
 notice by a report in the North Star, that
 articles for the benefit of the cause, are now
 sold at eleven different places in the vicinity
 of Rochester. A box of goods has just been
 received from Europe which will prove a
 valuable accession to the collection on hand.—
 It ia intended that the approaching fair shall
 be equal to any of its predecessors in splendor
 and variety.
 We find the above notice in the Democrat
 ©f this city, and copy it for the purpose of
 correcting a mistake into which our neighbor
 has somehow fallen. Aiticles are not, so far,
 mwe are aware, sold at any one place, for
 the benefit of the cause, either in the vicini
 ty of Rochester, or elsewhere. During the
 last few months, Fairs have been held at
 eleven different places; at some of them with
 satisfactory success. From the statement
 of this fact, in the report of the Committee,
 published last week, this mistake has probab
 ly originated.
The Rochester Annual Meeting.
 The Western N. Y. Anti-Slavery Society,
 will hold their annuafmeeting on the Bth and
 9th of January in the city of Rochester,
 which our friends in the city and country are
 earnestly invited to attend. We feel that the
 injunction "neglect not the assembling of
 yourselves ought most faithful
 ly tobe adhered to, remembering it is by uni-,
 ted efforts that the bonds of the fettered slave
 must be broken. We know that the laborers in
 the great work of refotm are comparatively
 few but, "Truth is mighty,” and we are
 encouraged in believing “that the day of re
 demption draweth nigh as we are assured
 that the faithfulness of the few tried and devo
 ted friends of freedom has already sundered
 the chains and set at liberty many a despon
 ding captive, and the reflection stimulates us
 to a greater devotedness, knowing full well
 that the corrupting and demoralizing effects
 of slavery on our white as well as our colored
 brothers and sisters, call loudly and impera
 tively upon our holiest feelings, for energetic
 action, while opportunity is yet afforded.
 Considering the disabilities we are laboring
 under, and the apathy of the mass around us,
 on this vitally interesting subject, much has
 been done in these parts during the past year;
 but a steady, petsevering, uncompromising
 devotion ia indispensable, and we hope that
 while we labor with untiring zeal to strike at
 the root of this infernal system, we shall re
 member that bursting the fetters should be
 followed by the genial influences of sympa
 thy and elevation, and, that during our delib
 erations some suggestions may be made with
 regard to devising means to place the escaped
 bondmen in situations in which their long
 boned intellect, their manhood shall be called
 out, that they may be prepared to receive the
 truth; that they may be recipients of God’s
 love, and thus be enabled to enjoy the boon of
 liberty, of which they have so long been rob
 bed. We again say to our fneods far and
 near, Come op to our annual gathering, u beie
 by a free and spontaneous interchange of sen
 timent, we may scatter seed that will eventu
 ally yield a rich harvest.
 Frederick Douglass will be pi event, and
 speakers from abroad will be invited to at
 tend.
 sarah d. fish, car. sac&gt;.
 Rochester,; Nov. 19th 1849.
D ax assort to Jou South.— Two young
 men from the North came near getting into
 trouble at Richmond, Va., recently, in eonse
 qneoee of one of them jocosely asking a negto
 waiter at the hotel if be would not like to go
 to the North with them. He replied that he
 wooU. Nothing more was thought of the
 —ww until towards night, when they were
 HWMd by a police officer and taken to jail,
 where they spent the night. Tbe next rootn
 ing they were brought before the magistrate
 tho chaigo of tampering with a slave.—
 Upon bearing tho cireumnunces they warn
The XfittvlMf jUffißf Mo»U
 tegs for UmUftUM.
 At the beginning of last week, some of
 onr eitixsoa were well mg b eurtled oat of
 their propriety, by the announcement, through
 sdrertiseinenis and hand-bills, tbit a pahlic
 exhibition of the “Jfytfersms Noses, s«p
 posed to be Supernatural," which hare for
 some time past been beard id thi* city, was
 about to be given at Corinthian Hall. On
 the evening appointed, Wednesday, the 14th,
 a good audience assembled some of them,
 we doubt not, really expecting to see a live
 ghost exhibited. Mr. Capron, of Auburn,
 late editor of the Anburn branch of the Na
 tional Reformer, appeared bn the platform,
 accompained by the two young women,
 through whom “the spirit,” or whatever else
 it mav be, makes itself manifest. Mr. Cap
 ron commenced the proceedings, by deliver
 ing an address, chiefly on the difficulties al
 ways attendant upon the introduction of any
 new science—which was all very true and in
 teresting but in the present instance, as we
 apprehend, rather foreign to the subject the
 object of the meeting being, aa we under
 stood, to prove whether or not this thing had
 any claim to a scientific origin, not to apolo
 gise for its imperfections and unpopularity.
 After this introduction of the subject, the
 lecturer proceeded to give an account of the
 i rise and progress of the rapping. The story
 j of the murdered pedlar, and the noise heard
 in the bouse where the deed was supposed to
 have been done, are too common-place to
 i be repeated bete. From this story, vulgar a*
 it is, the whole affair seems to have arisen.
 Not a very satisfactory origin for what is
 claimed to be the opening up of a new world
 —the discovery of a new science. But be
 i this as it may, it cannot be denied, that noises
 were heard in that house, which, to this
 day, have never been satisfactorily explained.
 By a process which it would take too much
 space to describe, it was found or imagined,
 that this noise was intelligent, and answered
 questions put to it, by rapping. The ques
 tions being always such as could be answeied
 affirmatively. A rapping was understood to
 mean Yes a want of rapping to-mean No. It
 was then found that this tiling could spell out
 sentences by the slow process of rapping at
 the !etters of the alphabet, gone over slowly
 by the person in communication. This ia
 the present state of “Me science The
 moving of tables, pulling of coat-tails, and
 other matters attributed to “the spirit,” may
 be true; but as we have not seen them, we
 1
 cannot be expected to vouch for their truth.
 The assertion that “the spirit” has learned to
 write, and has begun to communicate its ideas
 through pen, ink and paper, is also sufficient-
 I ly problematical. We shall believe that it is
 so, when we see the writing done.
 During the delivery of Mr. Capron’s ad
 dress, the knocking was distinctly heard at
 the most distant corner of the Hall. It was a
 hollow sound, as if of a slight blow with a
 I mallet, followed by a rebound, on the boards
 of the platform. It was always near or imme
 diately under the feet of the two young wo
 men before mentioned. Mr. Capron stated,
 as the reason why lie appeared on the plat
 i form, as the expounder of this thing, that on
 a recent visit to this city, he had received a
 j communication appointing him to the office
 that he was very unwilling to engage in any
 'such undertaking, and went home; that the
 spirit or whatever it was, followed him to
 Auburn, and rapped to him in his own house;
 that it 6pelt out the words You had better go
 there.” “Go where?” said he. The reply
 speedily was, “You had better go to Roches
 ter.” So he was not disobedient, but came.
 At this meeting, a committee of five persona,
 well know n to have no connection with the
 matter, was, at the command of “the spirit,”
 appointed to investigate, and report on the
 next evening, in the same place.
 On Thursday evening, a large number as
 sembled. The Committee reported that they
 had spent almost the entire day in testing the
 genuineness of this affair, and could detect
 nothing. On this evening Mr Capron again
 lectured, in nearly the same strain as on the
 evening preceding, and read a well known ac
 count, of something similar, which was beard
 by the household of John Wesley’s father.—
 On this occasion, however, it is worthy of re
 mark, that in relating the command given
 him at Auburn, he stated it thus You had
 better do that.” “Do what?” “You had
 better go to Rochester.” Theie is a slight
 discrepancy here which seems to. require ex
 planation. Cither form of communication is
 short enough, and we imagine might have
 been accurately remembered, especially when
 it was supposed that it came from “a spirit.”
 On this evening another Committee was ap
 pointed, to return to a meeting on the follow
 ing evening.
 On Friday evening, ihe Commttiee reported
 that they had not been able to detect any im
 posture. One of them suspecting that the
 sounds were produced by ventriloquism, ap
 plied the stethoscope to the chests of the
 young women, and ascertained that such a
 supposition was unfounded. It may be stated
 that this iood committee heard the noi*e not
 only on ihe floor, bat on the wails and doors
 of the different 100 ms where the investigation
 was made and that they were careful to se
 cure, in order to avoid collusion, that no men-1
 lion should be made of the place where they j
 intended to make the investigation. On this;
 evening, still another Committee was appoint
 ed. Saturday evening, a very large concourse
 assembled. Judge B.ssell was called to the,
 chair. The Committee reported that they
 had associated w ith them a Committee of la
 dies, to »earcb the clothing of those young
 women; that they bad found nothing, and,
 were as much at fault as their predecessors.
 One of this Committee confessed to us pri
 vately, (though we conceive such confession
 to b« premature), that he did not believe the
 young women made the noise. On this last
 evening, an amount of rowdyism manifested
 itself, which we did not think it possible that
 Rochester could have flung together. The
 chairman himself was the leader of the mob,
 and if any violence had been done, he would
 juatly have been held responsible for it. The
 whole affair may be a very glow fraud we
 have been all along of opinion that n ia; but a
 resort to the barbarous code of Judge Lynch,
 imposture or no imposts cn, is clearly to be
 "oodemned, and affords evidence of the exist
 •nee of s very low state of public moiality.—
 For a Judge to be the leader ia such outra
 ges, is above all reprebeaaiblc. A week’s
 lodging is tho jail would do soeh earn aa the
 Judge who occupied the chair, a l *miU
amount of good. Let impostors be gxposed,
 but by lawful and rational means
 Io this state at present rests the matter.—
 The sounds are supposed to be made by two
 young women, end most, of course, continue
 to be so supposed until suflfctent proof is giv
 en to the contrary. Il they make this noise,
 bow do they do it It ia not by any machin
 ery fastened to their clothing for that would
 have been discovered when they were exam
 ined by the ladies' Committee, as we under
 stand, “in a state of nature,” the noise-going
 on as before. It is not done by ventuloquism,
 as has been affirmed by the medical man who
 applied the stethoscope, and who ia well ac
 i customed to the use of that instrument. The
 question has been asked, Has elecuieity any
 thing to do with it The answer is, that it
 has not; fot the persons have been placed up
 on tumblers set on the floor; still the noise ia
 heard, on, or rather under the boards. And
 it ia heard, moreover, notooly in one room ol
 one house, but in any room of any house
 I where these two persons are. It does more
 than rap. We ate told that this spirit, goblin,
 imp, or hobgoblin, good, bad, or indifferent,
 i also moves chairs and tables, and pulls people
 by the arms and coat-tails. If this be true,
 and if as “the spirit” says, tins thing will
 soon be genera), oh! to be a school boy once
 again! We might pull onr worthy preceptor’s
 tails with impunity, and he would never take
 the trouble to look round, under the impres
 sion that it was only one of his mischievous
 familiars having a pleasant romp. But what
 is it?
 Seriously, we must confess ovtaelves puz
 zled. When asked if it is a spirit, it raps,
 which is an affirmative answer. It professes
 to be now not one nor many spirits, but aa
 would appear any and every spirit. In oppo
 sition to this idea, may be urged the very
 blundering and silly mode of its communica
 turns; arguing, at all events, a meaner intelli
 gence than that of man. Then it pretends to
 j know many things which men do not know.
 We have asked the question and got the an
 swer. But upon putting a definite question,
 1 and getting an assurance of its knowledge on
 some particular subject, and then following
 this assurance up by a test question calcula
 -1 ted to demonstrate such knowledge, it has in
 variably failed to give a correct answer. Il
 a spirit at all, it is therefore a lying spirit,
 i Mr. Capron argues that this thing depends
 upon some scientific cause; that it is spiritual,
 but manifested in accordance with 9ome law ol
 nature, which we do not understand. We
 can readily agree, that if it is there at all, and
 is spiritual, such must be the case but it
 wants the first element of science—that is
 certainty. The pedlar must doubtless have
 been an old bachelor, for such a whimsical,
 fidgetty mortal was never seen in any othei
 situation. Atone time he (or they) will talk
 without ceasing at another time in exacily
 I similar circumstances, not a single rap can be
 got. But what is it We do not think that
 jwe are called upon at present to decide. The
 matter is under investigation, and will no
 doubt be made manifest. J. d.
 A few words to Henry B. Brewster.
 In the last No. of the North Star, I per
 ceive a communication from thy pen in reply
 to Wm. P. Mclntyre and J. W. Randolph of
 Albany. The latter part of thy reply contains
 some very plain and strong if not convincing
 language. To one imbibing in early life the
 idea, that man-stealing was a great crime,
 and that American Slavery being founded up
 on the system of manstealiug, could not be
 much better, it was I confess rather startling
 to read from the pirn of a professed religious
 instructor, the solemn gsseveration of the be
 lief that American Slavery is ordered by the
 Almighty Ruler of the universe, and that “it
 is the greatest blessing, next to our national
 independence, this country ever enjoyed.”
 If my opinion is one of the errors of my
 youth, and thine correct, in order to convince
 me and others in the a-me dilemma, of thy
 sincerity, thou wilt probably take those step
 daughters of thine in Troy, to the south on
 thy return there, that they may participate of
 the “blessing.” Or if they object, or the
 measure otherwise fails, thou wilt probably be
 willing to test the thing personally, say for a
 year, or at least a month. And in order ful
 ly to experience the blessing without any mis
 take, it may be proper to place thyself in the
 power of some master about to fail and become
 bankrupt and perhaps use a little effort to
 be sold to some one going to the rice swamps
 of Georgia. I have suggested a very short
 time for thy service aa a slave, in order that
 thou might live through the most plentiful
 bestowment of ihe “blessing” in its various
 forms. Thou may perhaps have some chil
 dren now at the south experiencing the “bles
 sing.” In thy uezt letter please state wheth
 er such is the fact. Humility is indeed a vii
 tue and the compliance with the suggestion
 proposed, would at strikingly exemplify it
 as thy expression, that thou bast “absolutely
 shed tears at the sense of thy own insignifi
 cance.” j L. M.
 Coluxs Cem/ier, N. Y. Nov. ISth 1849.
 Natiomal Layout ox thi People op Col
 or. —Frederick jtfougiasa is, at the present
 tune, endeavour to form a National League
 of the colored pvgo’e of America, in w hich all
 their difference»ltt sect, party and elan, and
 sit petty jealouiS and feuds, shall be abeotb-
 ed and forgot the one great object—
 “the right* and promotion
 ol their The proposal generally
 meets with s approval from U*.e more
 intelligent of and will, e trust,
 lead to more »ony and a closer unity
 among them, i, otr petty divtsiooa sod feuds
 perpetuate their wrongs. They are tno weak
 to afford to taauate the quarrels of their op
 pressors bat such a people can never be sub
 jected and oppressed if cordially united in
 feeling and action.— London Inquirer.,
Cot. Butov ivSt. Louis.-—Ax imciout.
 —-Ai a meeting in the Court House, bt.
 of the friends of Col. Beotoo, tbe
 following incident occurred, while he wss
 addressing the assembly. A paper contain
 ing tbe follow tog inquiry was banded bun by
 Judge Bowlin;
 “Colonel Benton: As a constituent of
 yourst 1 beg to aek tbe following question:
 Should a territory south of 90 deg. 90 min.
 ask for adnuaston into the Union aa a state,
 with a clause recognising the institution oI
 slstery, will yon vote for its admission pro
 tided, iu constitution w republican iu its
 form?”
 The St. Louis Era. a Whig paper, says
 that Col. Benton rneeited the little bit of pV
 pnr upon which it was written, and Winging
 h» quoting glass to bear upon it, at tbe
 same ume following up h» remarks, i«dig
 eantly spurned it from bun into the rruwd,
 and u foil at the font of the man who preson
 tediu without any farther netme fame bun
 If. Y. Em, iVff-
Foreran Newt of Ike Week
 Tbs America (Ctpt. Judkins) arrived st
 New York on Saturday last, and brings in
 tel I (gence one week later from Europe
 E.NGLAMD.—The Address of ths Canadian
 i Annexationists is exciting considerable suer.
 uon in England, and supplies the newspapers
 with a subject. The Times *»y» that “it re
 flects great credit on the tact, skill, tod adroit
 neaa of its authorsbut adds in refereitcs
 to the assent of England to tbs measure—-
 j’*lo surrendering Canada, they will take cars
 t not to surrender one jot of sea or land ihs
 i poasesaioii of which really and effectively con
 i cerns the maritime and commercial impor
 isnee of Giest Britain They w ill not cede
 Nova Scotia they will not cede Cape Bre
 ton they will not cede those sea boards and
 harbors which mast ever command ;he moutft
 ol the S&gt;t. Lawrence, and protect the trade of
 the Atlantic.”
 •‘doming Chronicle has a leader on
 the same,subject, and tn a somewhat similar
 I T ein. It speaks of the idea of dismembering
 i Abe empire “amicably and peaceably,” ass
 i“kind of grave irony,” which it should be
 ow t 0 impute to the first merchants, land
 (holders and professional men, of any city in
 j the Queen's dominions. It calls the attention
 j Lord John Russell to thesubject, and warns
 11 him that agitation “which has now a
 i j good deal of the appearance of a nucuvess*
 platsanierie may assume a shape seriously dis
 agreeable to a First Minister of the Crown,
 i *nd practically inconvenient to the tax-pay
 i ing public.”
 One Lieut. Gale, an aeronaut, tn a lettsi
 to the Morning Herald proposes a novel plat,
 for the discovery of Sir. John Franklin. He
 volunteers bis services, as an aeronaut, to ac
 company any party who may be engaged in
 the service of the government, and states hi*
 conviction, that from his experience in navi
 gating the air, some benefits must result. Hu
 slates, that at an altitude of two miles, s pan
 orama of at least 1300 miles would be placed
 within observation. A correspondent of the
 Sun, at the instance of Capt. Reid, of the
 Pacific, who has a brother with Sir John
 states that lie (Capt. Reid) feels assured that
 the natives have not seen ’the missing vessels
 His ieason for coming to such a conclusion i*
 that the distance overland between the two
 points spoken of, is only 215 miles, and that
 if the natives had been there, they could and
 would have brqught some intelligence from
 the parlies.
 The papers give an account of an inquest
 before Mr. VYakley coroner, on the body of
 an American merchant, named James Miller,
 residing in Northampton square, London. It
 appears from the evidence that the deceased
 1 had suffered much from gout and erysipelas,
 from which he had partially recovered, and it
 was supposed the commission of the act wa»
 attributable to the fear of a relapse.
 The recent disagreement among the Wes
 1 leyan Methodists, is creating a great sensation
 in that body. A meeting was lately held in
 the Free Trade Hall, at Manchester, to pro
 mote Wesleyan reform, and, listen to addre*
 ses Irom the expelled ministers and their
 friends. Between six and seven thousand
 persons were present.
 The Clyde steam packet arrived at South
 ampton on the 2d inst., with the mail from
 the West Indies and, has brought $820,000,
 which had been received at the Isthmus of
 Panama.
 On the 30th ult. the Hecate steam sloop
 was ordered in commission to convey Sir
 Henry L. Bulwer, ambassador to this country.
 It was expected that Kossuth would arrive
 at Southampton on board the Peninsular and
 Oriental Company steam packet Sultan, and
 preparations were being made for the illus
 trious Magyars reception. The Sultan was
 expected to arrive on the oth inst.
 The Queen Dowager Adelaide has had a
 serious illness, and it was thought was getting
 worse.
 In Ireland, evictions are still going on, in
 some places by the wholesale. The Limerick
 miner states that seventy-four lamtlies
 have been evicted fiom the property of Col.
 Wyndham, m the county of Clare. Theii
 dwellirgs have been left, with few exceptions
 —•“hideous heaps of ruins.”
 A Roman Catholic clergyman of Dublin,
 in a forcible letter, repudiate* the revival ol
 agitation either under the guidance of Mr
 Gavan Duffy or of Mr. John O’Connell. He
 had been solicited by circular to take part in
 the grand national conference which is shortly
 to come off. In reply Rev.C. P. Meehan says
 “Concilliaiion Hall is s very cheap con
 cern, and a person of ray apostolio mean*
 might easily get access to all its fun and re
 eraw-isms for the moderate sum of Id. a
 week, which, after all, is but l-2d more than
 I used to pay when a child for a peep into sun
 dry show boxes far more amusing than that
 one set up by Mr. John O'Connell at Bmgb
 quay. Join you I won’tfor, although thq
 fact of so doing might not, could not, sho»*' 4
 not, would not, and ought not to
 qualified lor a lunatic asylum, n* vertfielees,
 were Ito join you, some of my we iwtahtrt
 would begin to think tha» j WM tap#log |a|#
 that state of mental imbecility wbich u j t
 from softening of lhe brain.”
 Napoleon has dismissed
 his mioi**‘ ert t ap p Mr 30th
 *ll U&gt;' d ministers, with the exception of M.
 Q’iillmi Barrot, assembled in council, at the
 I Elysee. M. Louis Napoleon addressed them,
 *nd after eapressing his sympathy and esteem
 for the person of each, declared that in bis
 opinion his Cabinet had not known how to
 preserve its independence towards the majori
 ty of the Aseewbly. He then alluded to the
 recent discussioo on the sffkire of Italy, sod
 concluded by giving them to understand that
 they no longer possessed hit confidence, and
 that ho intended to coll other persona to his
 councils. At two o’clock on the same day, s
 decree ot the Piesideot, signed by himselt
 alooe, was published in the Mootteur, appoint
 ing the new ministry. They ere complsioed
 of as unknown men. Amongst them are M
 Ferdinand Barrot, Home Department; M. A’
 D. Kaynval, Foreign Affairs; M. Dumas,
 Commerce and Agriculture. At hsif-past
 M. Dupin communicated a message from
 the Pi evident to the Legislative Assembly,
 in hieh Lou j states his reasons for dismis
 sing the former ministry. Ihe Times corres
 pondent says, that ths general opts ton pro
 son need on this message, a, that it “is not
 the act of s man who believes that his power
 ts to come to so end at the penod fixed by tho
 oowstttuuoa; the igrtmic** put of the |&lt;epsE
 particularly striking.” The Gfofc uiifl
 pec dent says that “the naeastge give* 40*
