KRKDERiCK DOUGLASS, Ko,™
VIVOL 11. NO. 19.
The NORTH STAR is H&gt;ubli*hcd every
 Friday. at N*&gt;. 2.t. Buffalo Sltppt,
 1thr A refute
 TERM-.
 IV* &lt;l.iUai s j»l annum, at v* »n adtanrr.
 i ipiinu «ill lw iccrivetl lot a l* s® Irrin than
 iii.iiiih-.
 v« 11 not rxoMsling l«*n lnw»« im.ripil
 inut» l.»* oih! dollar; evt-rt MilvraiH-nl iivnr
 in* nU -five mill**.
 r.* ilw- North Si am will Ik&gt;to aiuuh
 V I.I» in nil ii*&lt; forma ami a«|*rrtft; advocate
 Km a ir atio'i exalt tin- Handnrd
 I’lil'l" molality, promote *l»«- moral ami intcHer
 ugirovr-mc-lt ol tln-C'ol.OM ti» fliilla ami
 i i In- &lt;la\ ol I IiKI.IIOM In ilio-JJ'ii hit
 if,i t t"' 1 "I our enslaved iVUow count i Minn.
 I I Bl.lsm.Kr&gt; NOI JCKS.
 All roniriinnii ations relating r 0 it* luxintx*
 oi tin- paper,’names of MibecriherK, remit
 i ~*!&lt;■*cNc., sliotild :nl«lresn»&lt;l It) Jolt PS DlcK,
 I'l-tia-lier.
 \-Mnls, ami *ll iiller* pending iiinie**, are
 n.-‘t*‘*J to lie aeeiuate, and to i{i\e tile Coat ojjit t,
 )l„ ■tot v. and the Slate. I.aeji Siitwcriher is im
 liat&lt; K t teiliieil Kit money received.
 \.o person sending in payment for four sul&gt;-
 i lists, to iff lot warded to on*- address, may
 |,,u i till it eop\ for veal.
 \ll letters amt etmimimicaiion* iniist lie post

 I IST Of AGENTS.
 M is* n ut s|-1 i s._ R. F. Wallmt, 21, f'ornhill,
 l’. ,«t .it; Nailriti Jolmsoti, New Bedford; Horatio
 f.ot-r, l.owell; James N. Riiiliiin, l.ynn;
 f. .n.a*- SjxMiner, Plymouth; David Rtiggles,North
 tin|it'&gt;u
 r "H it* ut. —Jona. Leonard, .New Haven.
 \i*w York.—Sydney 11. Gay, 14*2, Nassau
 Stnii; James MVuiii- Smith, f*3, West Broad
 n o Jo-eph i’..st, eslluny, Queen County Ma
 il llnpir, Mliiiiy, Elias ilolv, Macedon; Wil
 li it- Kei-se, Pern, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 I’ena Aan J. J* liter Geneva; E. 1.. Platt, Bath.
 Kitot’i Ist. vmi. Amaraiicv Paine,Providence.
 I*i NV'VI.VAKIA.— J. M. iU’Kiin, 31, North
 filth Street, Philadelphia; G. W Gomes, S, Kx
 ilmi.'e Place, Ditto; B. l’ovvn, Pittsburgh; Win.
 Whippet, Columbia; Milo A. Town a end, Netv
 Hri.-litou.
 Onto.—J. J.'Games, I'niciiinati; Valentine
 Null -Ison, Harveysbtrrgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Hr.Kike, Salem.
 Mir Hit, an.—Roller! Banks, Detroit.
Selections.
EXTRACTS
 I l’iii "t II in H Hiown to H
 (ran ivon.
 I have not forgotten the promise that
 I made you, before leaving America, lo
 give you a letter occasionally for the
 Liberator. V on have doubtless learn
 ed t ie this, that the steamer m which 1
 came over, made I he shortest passage
 ever known. 'Phis, 1 need not inform
 you. added much to the pleasure of the
 voyage. Among the unusually large
 number of passengers on hoard were
 I'uur or five slaveholders, and among]
 these was a Judge Chinn, a Louisiana
 slaveholder, who had been appointed
 by our Democratic government nsj
 Consul to Naples, and who was on his
 way out to occupy his post. The steam-1
 er had scarcely left the shore, before it
 was rumored that an American slave
 was on board, and that he was going
 out aw a delegate to the Peace Con
 gress at Paris. The latter part of the
 rumor gave additional interest to it, and
 soon there was no little anxiety ni:*ni
 lested on the part of passengers to know
 soup thing o! the history of the ‘ugitive.
 Mv Narrative,—a f**w copies of which
 I iiad with me, was sought alter, and
 extensively read, the reading of which
 jiiodueed considerable sensation among
 flu- passengers, especially the sluve
 huldnig and pro-slavery portion of them.
 I bis Judge Chinn had with him a free
 colored man as servant, and 1 was
 somewhat anxious to know what kind
 u! protection be was to receive in trav
 elling in this country, for you will rec
 ollect that I made application to John
 M (.'layton, before leaving America,
 lor a passport, which was refused ine.
 So, upou inquiring of tins servant, lie
 showed ine his passpor’, which proved
 to he nothing less than a regular pass
 port from the hand of the Secretary of
 State. True, it was not from Mr. Clay
 ton, but it was from his immediate pre
 decessor Mr. Buchanan. This proves
 conclusively, that if a colored person
 wishes the protection of the U. States
 Government in going into any foreign
 country, be must not think of going in
 any other capacity than that of a boot
 black Wherever the colored man
 got-s. he must carry w ith him the badge
 of-lavery to receive the protection of
 the Americans. The act of govern
 ment, m denying to its colored citizens
 the same protection that it extends to
 the w lutes, is more cowardly and mean,
 it possible, than any act committed for
 years But it is entirely in keeping
 with American republicanism. I am
 glu&lt;i io see that the English press gen
 erally, has denounced this act of high
 handed injustice and oppression.
 41 4* P
 As you are aware, the Congress met
 on Wednesday, the ‘23d, at I‘2 o’clock,
 and, strange to say, among the first
 tnut 1 saw on entering the hall, were
 ihree slaveholders w ho caino over in the
 -auie steamer with me, one ol whom
 was Judge Chinn; but whether they
 wt re members of the Cougress or uot,
 I am unable to say. At any rate, they
 w»-n- supplied with the same card ol
 admission that members had. How
 ever. they did not show any symptoms
 of colorphobla so natural to the Amer
 ican taste A circumstance occurred
 ;ti the close of the first session, which
 Imws how easily Americans can lay
 vMth their prejudices when they reach
 'lns country. While I was in conver
 sation with Richard Cobden, Esq.,
 member of the Brgisli Parliament, and
 ictor Hugo, the President of the Con
 liicss. 1 observed a man standing near
 Hi* whom I recognized as one of the
 p*o»»engerH mi tin; same steamer wilh
 me Iron* America, and who during the
 k oya/e was not at all backward in ex-
 K*"u„g his belief in the inferiority ol
 ’Niggers,’ a«d who would not deign
 ,&lt;J to me during lb® whole pas
 -3* At the close of the conversation,
 Jtftl was leaving the parties with
THE NORTH STAR.
whom 1 had bc*&gt;n talking, this man ad
 vanced towards me with his bat in one
 Hand and the olhor extended out, and
 addressed me with, ‘How do you do,
 Mr. Brown? I hope I find yau well,
 sir.’ ‘Why, sir, you have the advan
 tage of me—l do not know you.’ ‘Why,
 sir,’said he, ‘don’t you know me? I
 was a fellow passenger with you from
 America. I wish you would introduce
 me to Mr. Cobden.’ I felt so indignant
 at the downright impudence of the fel
 low, that I left him without making any
 reply. The change from an American
 to an European atmosphere makes a
 wonderful change in the minds of Ame
 ricans. The man who would not have
 shaken hands with me in the city of
 New Y ork or Boston, with a pair of
 tongs ten feet long, comes to me iu thefl
 metropolis of France, and claims that
 we were
 rica.’ M. de Tocqueville, Minister ot
 Foreign Affairs, gave a splendid soiree
 to the members of the Congress. I
 perceived no difference vvhatevey in the
 attention paid to those of a fairer com
 plexion than that paid to me. I could
 but contrast the feeling that pervaded
 that assembly of men and women from
 all parts of the globe, to the low, mean
 and contemptible prejudice so common
 in the United States. Here were rep
 resentatives and Ministers Plenipoten
 tiary from all governments, including
 the United States. Messrs. Walsh and
 Rush were there, and you know that
 they are proverbial for their pro-slave
 ry feeling. The whites and blacks
 were all together, and i did not hear
 the word ‘nigger’ once. If there was
 any difference paid to one more than
 Another, that difference was certainly
 paid to myself, not on account of my
 complexion, but on account of my iden
 tity with the oppressed millions in Ame
 rica. On being presented to Madame
 de Tocqueville, I was received with the
 same courtesy that characterized the
 reception of others; but as soon as it
 was mentioned to the distinguished la
 dy that J was an American slave, all
 conventionalities were laid aside by a
 cordial shake of the hand, that gave me j
 double assurance that 1 was not only
 safe from the slave-hunter in Paris, but
 that 1 was a welcome guest in the sa
 loon of the French Minister of Foreign
 Affairs. While there, I could but
 think of Hie bitter cold night, in the
 winter of 1840, when I xvas compelled
 to w alk the deck of the steamer Swal
 low ,&gt;n the Hudson river, on account
 of my complexion. I could hut think
 of my being excluded from the saloon
 of the steamer Huntress, on the pas
 sage from Portland to Bath, in the Slate
 of Maine, but a few days before I left
 America, by w hich exclusion I was com
 pelled to fast twelve bourn.
From the Concord Iml Democrat
 SURVEY OF THE FIELD.
 To the cause of human freedom in
 America, the year that has passed lias
 been a glorious year. To that small,
 but faithful band of pioneers, who, a few
 years since, ‘solitary aiid alone,’ cut
 from the mountain that stone which has
 become a great mountain, it is more
 than the prestige of the good time com
 ing.’ To them, toiling up through a
 long night of persecution and threaten
 ed death, it is a day of triumph such as
 few deserve, and fewer live to enjoy a
 triumph of w hich we eleventh hour sol
 diers have no right to boast. We care
 not that the patriarchs of the anti-sla
 very movement may have been indis
 creet and fanatical. We care not that
 the world, and even the church, calls
 them heretics. They have been truer
 than the church upon the greatest ques
 tion of the age. They have been true
 w hen the church was false. They spoke
 for them that could not speak for them
 selves, when the church was dumb, and
 sleeping in the arms of the most gigan
 tic wrong that ever cursed the earth.—
 We care not who differs from us; hut
 we do honor and xve will honor the
 men, be they Christians, heretics or in
 fidels, who first sounded the bugle note
 of war against American slavery Be
 they honored or reproached by the pre
 sent age, history, posterity, millions of
 ransomed men and women, will do them
 justice. Be their faults and indiscre
 tions many or few, tlie day is coming
 when they shall take rank among the
 noblest and most disinterested benefac
 tors of their race.
 But the struggle w ith the slave pow
 er in America is not vet over. Mnny
 and heavy blows has the demon receiv
 ed but he is not dead. The serpent is
 scotched, but not killed. A fearful em
 pire does he yet wield over the bodies
 and souls of men. Terribly will he
 straggle to recover the ground he has
 I lost, and to subject again the govern
 ment and the country to his infernal
 power. Already we sec indications that
 a more desperate battle than has yet
 been fought is preparing. The minions
 of slavery are strengthening themselves
 1 on every side. Within two years, they
 will again have one of the old political
 parites of the country o|*euly enlisted
 under their blood) Hag. W hich party,
 it shall be, remains to be seen. Flags
 of truce are now passing between (be
 several camps. The slave power is
 now making proposals to both parties.
 The leaders of both parties are watch
 ing the negotiations; and, meanwhile,
 dare not utter a word above a whisper,
 lest it may be against their future luge
 lord, or in favor of their to be deadly
 enemy. Thai one of these now con
 tracting paHies will strike bands with
 i ihe oppressor, there is little room to
 i doubt. For that event it becomes all
 true men to prepare.
 True, the friends of freedom have
 driven the former adherents ot slayer)
 to abjure their hrat love. True, wo
 have forced the eup of aoti-alayery to
 ibe lips of oar endi|ie*. In their help-
 LYjrt r
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO (X)LOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AXD ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
lessness aifiWiojiclessness, wc have
 compelled twimi to drink. To save
 themselves fidrtt utter destruction, they
 have sworu4pw:riti('ul oaths of fidelity
 to which they have
 heretofore never ceased to war. But
 let us not be deceived. Death-bed re
 pentances are seldom lasting, and nev
 er free from suspicion. It we are now
 strong, it is because our vigilance, ac
 tivity, and fidelity to principle have
 made us strong. If we have repulsed
 the advances of slavery, and compelled
 its ‘natural allies' to sue for peace, it
 has been by making them see that the
 only other alternative was political
 dJath.
 The men who have done thus much
 must not lay down their arms. They
 'must cootinue to rely on ihe weapons
 they have already proved.
 they have «o bravely conquered, they
 must stand by and defend. The ene
 mies they have so lately subdued, they
 must not 100 speedily invest with power
 to betray. Let thorn first do battle,
 during one campaign, against our foe.
 If’ their faith is our faith, if theirs is a
 sincere and honest conversion to the
 principles of freedom, let them show
 their faith by their works. Let them
 at once cut off ail communication with
 their former confederates. Until they
 do this, we cannot give them our confi
 dence. e must not trust ourselves
 and our country in their hands.
EXTRACTS
 r/ont the ’Report oj the Committee on Siaetry, to the
 Massachuuftti Convention of Congregational Mm
 liters.
 SLAVERY AGGRESSIVE.
 We h ave called the period of the
 adoption of the Federal Constitution a
 crisis in the history of slavery; because
 at that time the slave-power, which has
 since made such formidable usurpations
 was a trembling petitioner for the li
 cense to exist even at all.
 A reference to the “Madison papers”
 w ill show, that a continuance of the
 slave-trade, till the year 1808, was con
 ceded to the clamors of South Carolina
 and Georgia; and we think it clear ev
 en from such fragments as remain to
 us of the debates of the Federal Con
 vention, that a majority of the mem
 bers of that body looked upon the ex
 tinction of the slave-trade and slavery
 as synonymous. And it was univer
 sally supposed at that time, that the
 number of slaves could only be kept
 from diminishing by fresh impoitations.
 For this reason the word Slave, was
 carefully excluded from the Constitu
 tion, that, when human bondage be
 came a thing of the past, no trace ot
 its existence, even, much less suspicion
 of it* connivance, shrnrld leave its slain
 upon that instrument. “I think it
 wrong to admit in the Constitution the
 idea that there can he property in man.”i
 So said Mr. Madison in the Conven
 tion, and in so saying, he echoed the,
 sentiments of a large majority of the]
 members from all sections of the coun- 1
 try. Throughout the debates on the!
 slavery clauses of the Constitution, it j
 is very clear, that the advocates of sla
 very actede ntirelv on the defensive. It
 could not well be otherwise, since nl- 1
 most every statesman, eminent in those
 early days of the Republic, has left on
 record his unqualified condemnation of
 the system. Some of the heartiest de-i
 nouncers of slavery were from Mary
 land and Virginia.
 Butin the thirty-three years which j
 Lad elapsed between the adoption of,
 ihe Federal Constitution, and the ad
 mission of Missouri, the posture of af
 fairs had entirely changed. Slavery'
 now for the first time became aggres
 sive, and the protection of liberty,
 which was intended to he the rule of
 our government, had grown to be the
 rare exception. By the stopping of
 the foreign slave-trade, and the stimu
 lus which the domestic traffideceived
 from the increase of territory, Mary-1
 land and irginta had been seduced'
 from their allegiance to higher and hu
 mane sentiments, and had already be
 come the Guinea Coast of America.
 The admission of Missouri, by what
 was falsely termed a compromise, lor
 there can he no compromise with what
 is absolutely wrong, no iruce bytween
 God and Satan—threw at the pres
 tige of victory and a control of balance
 of power upon the side of the slave
 holders. Since that tatal and perfid
 ious day, f reedom has been constantly
 driven to the wall. A small aristocra
 cy, insignificant in point ol numbers,
 and justly obnoxious to Christian free
 men from the basis on w hich their claim
 to superiority rests, scattered over a
 wide extent of territory and only com
 pact in a strenuous devotion to a com
 mon interest, have swayed tne destinies
 of this mighty nation, and shaped its
 future, as far as possible, to a neces
 sary coincidence with its mistaken and
 repented past.
|&gt;IM INGI’ISHING CHARACTERISTICS OF 1
 AMERICA** SLAVERY.
 In comparing American slavery with
 the inode* of servitude which have ex
 isted among other nations and in other
 ages of the world, we find that, although
 agreeing with some of them iu many
 particulars, it differs in one important
 point from them all Slavery, where
 ever aud whenever it has elsewhere ex
 isted, has been as impartial as death.
 There was no one whom the chances
 of fortune or war might not one day or
 other reduce to bondage, But with
 us, complexion has been made fhe cri
 terion for determining the capacity of
 a human being for freedom. It is a
 singular fact, tkal, white the African pky
 siogmimy and complexion art to
 Unlit their unhappy pottemor far taking
 cart pfhnntcy, and such'alto at to ren
 der liberty a carte, yet the reward with
 which Ihe American matter repay* any
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1849.
net of iMcutiur dtrotum or fidelity on the
 part oj hut start, is emancipation!
 Another distinguishing characteris
 tic of American slavery is, that it is not
 ou!y permitted, but actually fostered
 by a nation foremost of all iu receiving,
 publishing, and,’in many respects, ex
 emplifying the great idea of human
 brotheihood. It is congenerous with]
 nothing in our political system, and isi
 a constant reproach to our profession
 of the religion of Christ.
 holder of ancient tunes, if for
 his title, appealed to what was then the
 acknowledged law of nations, which
 gave the captor poxver of life and deatli
 over his captive. “All tlrnt a man;
 hath will he give for his life,” and ac
 cordingly a species of contract wassiip- 1
 posed between master and slave, the j
 slave rendering service an eq#va- i
 lent tvrr Tite. ft is in vain to seek any)
 such foundation for American slavery.
 Here the slaveholder justifies himself,
 either by the color of his victim, claim
 ing to be only a fulliller of the prophe
 cies and an instrument of God's ven-
 geance; or he appeals to the fact, that
 his inheritance of oppression was de
 volved upon him from his ancestors;
 thus endeavoring to defend the con f in-‘
 nance of a xvrong, bv showing that it
 is of ancient date, and to give injustice;
 a title by prescription. Called upon tos
 produce his original title, he is forced
 to go back to the jus gentium of lawless,
 savages on the coast of Africa, or is.
 driven finally to seek refuge behind the.
 right of the strongest; a light acciden
 tal in its nature, and peculiar neither
 to while nor black, but liable to change 1
 hands, as it already has done in Hayti.
From tlie N. V Evangelist.
 FOl R SIIOKT ARGUMENTS.
 A great deal of argument lias been
 expended on the question—is Slaverv
 asinr Whoever will read carefully
 the following contrasted passages from
 the revealed Law of God, and from the
 Statute books of the Slave States, must
 find it hard to deny that American Sla
 verv is opposed to the Bible, and there
 fore is sinful, per se. Few people are
 better than their law.
 1. Bible Lair Search the Scrip
 tures.”
 .Slth'e Lair. Any man who shall
 teach a slave to read or write, shall he
 fined not less than 8*250, nor more than
 $5OO.” —Laws of Alabama, Aiken’s
 Digest, p. JOT.
 2. Bible Lair. They twain shall be
 one flesh.” “Honor thy father and thy
 mother.”
 Slave Lair. Any master may sep
 arate, violently, the husband from the
 wife, and the child from the parent, and
 ‘dispose of their persons by sale’ to any
 purchaser he may select. Civil
 Code of Louisiana, Act J’2.
 J. Bible Lair. —“Be kindly affection
 ate to one another. Love thy neighbor
 as thyself.”.
 Stare Lair. —“lt is lawful to fire up
 on a fugitive slave who refuses to sur
 render.”—Code of Louisiana, p. 108.
 “The owner of any plantation on
 which any slave comes, without leave
 of his master, may inflict ten lashes for
 such offence.”—Code of Mississippi, p.
 371.
 “Any free persons of color (except
 seamen) who shall come into the State
 shall be fined $lOO, and, on failure of
 payment, shall be sold as a slave.”
 Laws of Georgia, Act of December 19,
 1848.
 “For beating a slave with a horse
 whip, coxvskin, or small whip, or put
 ting irons on, and imprisoning a slave,
 there shall be no penalty.”—See Bre
 vard’s Digest of Laws ot South Caroli
 na, p. 242.
 4. Bible Law. God created man
 in lus own image.” To Christian men it
 is said—“Ye- are temples of the Holy
 Ghost.”
 Stare Lair. —“Slaves shall he deem
 ed, taken, reputed, and adjudged by
 law to he chatties personal in the hands
 of their owners, to all intents and pur
 poses whatsoever.”—Laws of S. C.,
 vol. 2, p. 229.
 We will not multiply illustrations.
 These will suffice to establish the case-.
 Robert Hall’s rule is a good one, that
 in matters of casuistry the first answer
 of conscience is the best—but we tancy
 that some sophistry will be needhil t&lt;»
 evade the natural conclusion to which
 these four short arguments will give
 rise.
CALHOUN ON CALIFORNIA
 C&lt;jrro(j*Huk'iK'&lt;' of il&gt;t- Journal of t.oaninnT*.
 Washington, Nov. 14.
 1 understand that Mr. Calhoun wilL
 resist the admission ot C alilornia as a.
 state into the Union, with a restriction!
 of Slavery as a part of its organic law.)
 1 do not tbiuk he will obtain the vote ot j
 all the Southern Senators iu the course
 which he has marked out. He takes
 the ground that aliforma has no right
 to exclude slaves, aud thereby exclude*
 slaveholders from her soil, the sover
 eignty over which belonged to every'
 cifizei, ot the United States, and mum
 he exercised by their representatives in;
 Congress. He contends that tbe peo
 ple in California have no more right to
 exclude slavery than Congress ban.
 Jjler California aha 11 become a state,
 then she may regulate her domestic
 policy as she pleases; hut the South w
 bound, according to Mr. Calhoun to
 resist her admission as a atale,.and nar
 assumption of the riglil. *n her present
 position, to for* Government.
 There i® no object*®* w h® tbi*w,
 her forminf a pcovtsiooal Government,
 for the security of her inhabitants; hot
 she has no right to form a State Cyov
 ernment without the assent of Congress,
 or to enforce any law which may be in
 consistent with the rig bio and interests
 of tha ahiveholding portion of the Uo
 kml These, it bettered, we
opinions not only of Mr. Calhoun,-but
 of many Southern Senators, both Whig
 and Democratic.
 You w ill, ere long, if I am not mis
 taken, see an assault lrom a combined
 Southern force upon the present Ad
 ministration, on account of an alleged
 improper interference, by its order,
 through its agepts. with the affairs of
 i alifornia. To Riley, as l in
 formed you, the Administration gave
 such instructions as were calculated to
 secure the early formation of a State
 Government, and with a Constitution
 prohibiting Slavery. This was, in my
 opinion, a wise and patriotic measure
 J on fhe part of the Administration, and
 it was completely successful
 1 But I am informed, and have good
 reason to believe, that a portion of the
 i **w«thern member* oi'Conirre.&amp;s,andoth-«
 Ijrar Southern politicians, intend to*bnngi
 some railing accusations against the
 I Administration, on account of what they
 allege to be the extraordinary and im
 warrantaple instructions to Gen. Riley, i
 It is intended to allege that these in
 structions exceed any power that be
 longs to the Federal Executive in the
 premises.
 I have much more apprehension from
 an agitation of this and kindred ques-j
 tions in Congress at this session than
 from any question relating to foreign)
 nations that may arise in a century. I
 fear that Mr. Calhoun is about to make
 a final effort, under some fatal impulse,!
 to throw a portion of the Southern States
 out of the Union. Whether he will
 succeed or not, this will probably bej
 1 his last session here. I still trust that
 Mr. Calhoun will lie deterred from pur
 suing the course he has marked out for
 himself, for it is quite certain that the
 people of the South w »4 not sustain him
 in it.
SOME FRUITS OF A PRO-SLAVERY
 RELIGION.
 A Washington correspondent of the
 Cleveland True Democrat, describing
 an interview withThos. C. McDonald,
 Esq., U. S. Consul at St. Catharines,
 for some months past, and bearer of
 despatches from the American legation
 at Rio de Janeiro to our Government
 at’Washington, says:
 ‘Y\ r hat interested us most deeply was,
 his description of the extent and horrors
 of slavery and the slave trade on that
 coast.
 ‘Not less than thirty or forty thou
 sand are brought there annually, and
 the mass of them in American vessels,
 under the American flag, on the Afri
 can coast, disguised elsewhere.
 And what is worse —these vessels
 arc /ned and controlled by Ameri
 cans —citizens of jVew England!
 ‘AyrWlrtMvhat is rtlore than all— by
 professing Christians oj' .Yew England!
 Y es, I write it with shame and sorrow,
 one vessel which he saw and named to
 u's, was owned and controlled by the
 Rev. Mr. Baptist minister in
 the village of in Massachusetts.
 ‘Well, said Mr. McDonald, ‘slave
 ry is a shame and disgrace to our na
 tion. We are the derision of other na
 tions—the English taunt us for it.’
 Surely the great doctors of New En
 gland Theology, who have been teach
 ing for years that ‘slavery is no viola
 tion of the Christian faith or Church,’)
 and that ‘Christianity not only permits,
 but sometimes requires its believers to;
 become slaveholders,’ may*now con
 gratulate themselves that their seed is
 bringing forth fruit after its kind
 How the tender and endnring human
 love shown in the following incident,
 related by Mr. McDonald, contrasts
 with the trateful and hollow selfishness!
 of those pretended ‘Christians’ and
 ‘Christian Ministers’ of New England:
 ‘One Sabbath, while a group of col
 ored people were assembled in tront of
 a church Cathobc) an old negro of
 shabby- appearance, carrying a bundle,
 approached and. made some inquiry.—
 A middle-aged man rose to reply. Both
 stood and gazed at each other, when j
 the other exclaimed, 'Men Pia,' ‘Mea
 PiaV and they fell in each other’s em
 brace, then sprang up and leaped and
 ■shouted.' Then the younger kissed the
 elder from his feet to his face, and
 leaped, and rolled, and shouted, giving
 every possible expression of joy*
 Said Mr. D-, ‘I could not but weep,
 and ask .myself— Has the negro no feel
 ing in common with other men?’—Penn
 sylvania Freeman.
From the Naiitinal Era.
 THE SPEAKERSHIP OF THE
 HOUSE.
 The newspapers and the Washing
 ton correspondents have commenced the
 canvass for speaker of the new House.
 The object is, to pre-occupy the ground
 tin some favorite candidate, fore
 stall the 1 claims of others. Some of tbe
 writers speak at random, or from their’
 own convictions; but in many cases the
 press hi used simply as the agent of
 Adroit political manager*, who stand
 1 behind the curtain and work Ihe wires.
 IF m generally assumed that Mr.
 Wmthjrop will be tbe candidate of the 1
 W higs. He is uot so acceptable to all
 the Southern. YYbig members as a
 Southerner 'would be, but*less obnox
 ious than any other man Northern
 Wbtgtf can' present. tVhile some of
 his decisions on the last night of the
 fart session of Congress displeased tbe
 extreme pro-slmvery men, they will re
 member hew much h: offended some
 Northern members by bis construction
 of the oounMlees on Territories and
 the District of Columbia; and these
 Northern men will this, con
 sideration of his manly and impartial
 hearing* as presiding officer. Mr.
 Wiothrop then, as rebresenling the av
 erage strength of ine elements that
 elected General Taylor, will be the
 candidate df ffic Taylor party
 L*. r t4L4. .viiii v..' K* a
j The Democrats arc rather more per
 plexed than the Whigs. They will
 come together, after a defeat brought
 about by a schism in their ranks on the
 question of Slavery. They will not
 know at first, how far to trust each oth
 er, having no .Central Power to aid
 I then* in adjusting their different views
 and interests. But, judging from pres
 ent indications, the slavcholding ele
 ment will in the main determine their
 policy. The majority of their party in
 the House will consist of members from
 the South and West. 'Already the
 managers have laid all their plans on a
 Southern Speaker. Wilmot Provision*
 is to be eschewed. The candidate to be
 not only from the South, but to be un
 objectionable to the Calhoun Democra--
 cy. It is curious to watch the process
 8 kneading- fhe Northern*! U urtpragpn
 into a shape to siill the ends orrllPm
 managers. Letters have been passing 1
 to and fro among all sections of the par
 ty. The new members from the North,
 elected by Democrats, or by Democrats
 and Free Soilers, have been written to,
 and their favor for a Southern candi-)
 date for the Speakership has been in
 voked, on the ground that the Northern
 members can furnish no suitable man
 for that position. Mr. Cobb is named
 as an available man, and his refusal to
 sign the Southern Address is referred!
 to as an indicative of liberal views on
 the Slavery question, which should
 commend him to Northern suffrages— l
 But if he will not answer, there is ex-
 Governor McDowell, whose anti-slave
 ry speeches during the agitation of the j
 Slavery question in Y irginia, in 1831,
 and whose strong opposition to all pro
 jects looking to a dissolution of the U
 nion, should certainly conciliate North
 ern support. One or two Northern pa
 pers mention Gov. Cleveland as a suit
 able candidate, lint the letter-writers'
 and the Democratic editors generally,
 do not deign even to notice the intima
 tion.
MOB 11 E COf TON FACTORY.
 The corner sione of the Cotton Fac
 tory to be erected in the vicinity of
 this city, by a company of enterprising
 Mobile capitalists, was laid on Thurs
 day last, in presence of a numerous
 i company of citizens, with appropriate
 ceremonies. Underneath the stone
 was deposited a copper box, contain
 ing, among other things, (we have no
 list) a copy of the character of compa
 ny; charters, or constitutions of the
 several .benevolent societies of our city,
 of our railroad, Stc., a list of the offi
 cers of the General, State and City
 j Governments; a bottle of Scuppernong
 i Wine manufactured in this city; a bnt-
 I tie of wine from the native grape, mun
 i ufactured by J. Magoffin, Esq., of St.
 'Stephens;* copy of the Ho)y*Bible,
 edition of 1849; copies of the several
 city newspapers of that morning, Btc.,
 1&amp;c.,. The box having been deposited, I
 previously to laving the stone, appro-;
 I priate addresses were made by Sydney)
 Smith and YY'n. J. Ledyard, Esq., in)
 which the objects of the enterprise j
 i were succinctly set forth, and the his-i
 tory of its origin and progress briefly
 i delineated.

 Tbe company dispersed at about 2
 i o’clock P. M., in good cheer, having,
 spent, notwithstanding the inclemency
 i of the weather, a most agreeable day— 1
 i a day that is destined to form an epoch
 in the history of our city— the day)
 when was laid tlie corner stone of the
 first Cotton Factory in Mobile
 The “Mobile Manufactnrirg Compa
 ny;” under whose auspices this enter
 i prise has been commenced, is compo
 sed exclusively of our citizens. The j
 capital of the Company is one hundred
 thousand dollars, and William J. Led
 yard, Esq., is the President. The site
 selected is in the midst of the pine lands
 near Dog river, about five miles below
 the city—as healthy a location as the
 sun shines upon. Here, the Compa
 ny has purchased thirty-five acres of
 i land, which will furnish space enough l
 for buildings for all the operatives. On
 i the elevation, near the site of the Fac
 jtorv, is a very neat and comfortable
 house, (formerly occupied as the suin
 mer residence of James Battle Esq.,
 from whom the Company purchased;
 which is intended for the residence of
 the superinfendtmt. J
 The buildings—tbe foundations on
 j which are already laid—will make a
 noble structure. The main building is
 to tie 18) feet long, 54 wide, and three)
 stories high; tbe boiler and engine
 house, 71 feet long, 54 wide, and two
 stories high —all to be made of the best
 Monde brick, which are being vnanu-
 I factured in the vicinity, by Major Gar
 land Goode. The builders are Messrs. 1
 Barnes, Kirkbridge and Kilts of this
 |city.
 All the machinery has been contract
 -1 ed for at the“Mattewan Works,” near
 j Newburgh, N. It is calculated for
 5000 spindles and 180 looms, to he pro
 i pelted by two engine* of filly horse
 power each. The goods manufactured i
 will be principally tour-quarter cotton
 fabrics, though a portion of the ma
 chinery will be allotted to three-quar
 ter osnaburgs, stripes, ice.
 *l*he establishment, in all its parts,
 we are sa is fled, will be of the mo*t
 perfect character, and it is in Ihe hands
 of men who have the means, the ener
 gy and the public spirit to ea try it
 through to an early completion. The
 advantage* to Mobile (which we can
 not now dwell upon) will 1&gt;« incalcula
 ble; and that when fairly under way,
 it will yield a rich harvest of profit to
 (foe stockholders, we do not entertain a
 shadow of doubt. That they may reap
 that reward whtch is justly due to the
 pioneers of a great enterprise calcula
 ted, in an eminent degreee, to promote
 the public good, w our most earnest
 demra. We congratulate our citizen*
JOHN DICK, PISLISHKS.
WHOLE NO. 101.
on the encouraging prospects before
 us. On every side we see evidences
 of an awakened public spirit, of a rev
 olution in the public mind, the fruits of
 which will not long be withheld. Man
 ufactures and internal improvements
 are becoming the order of the day, and
 a brighter morn is beginning to dawn
 upon Mobile. Mobile Advertiser.
Fn»n» tbr N. Y. Triiwae.
 OSAtJES IN WASHINGTON.
 Washington, Nov. 10 1549.
 Last night live of the principal chiefs
 of the Osage tribe of Indians arrived
 in this city with a view of holding a
 “talk” with their Great Father. This
 morning, accompanied by their inter
 preters. they first called upon M..
 JArow-n, Hie Commissioner of Indian
 IfH'airs, and thence proceeded to the
 Secretary of the Interior, who together
 went to the White House. There
 w ere a number of persons present, and
 the interview was attended with a great
 deal of interest and much satisfaction
 to all concerned. I was astonished at
 the ease exhibited by the President,
 and the tact displayed by him in his re
 ply to the addresses of the head Chief.
 Viler this part of the ceremony was
 over, the principal Chief presented the
 President with several small paintings
 executed by the young people of his
 tribe as evidence of their improvement
 in Education and advancement in Civ
 ilization, and also with u beautiful bead
 purse, w hich was sent to the President
 by one of the Indian girls, which was
 the work of her own hands. They had
 not been paid their annuity, which un
 explained, had caused some little un
 easiness among them.
 This, however, was at once removed,
 upon being informed that the absence
 c»f their new agent, Wm. H. Bell, Esq.,
 arose entirely from indisposition, which
 had prevented his making his appear
 ance among them. After spending
 nearly an hour in friendly intercourse
 with the President they withdrew, ex
 pressing unbounded gratification at
 their reception.
 These red men of the forest were
 perfectly captivated with the appear
 ance and manners of Mr. Ewing, Sec
 retary of the Interior, which they fre
 quently manifested by ejaculations in
 their native language. His free and
 easy manner with them, and the solici
 tude he manifested for their welfare and
 comfort while among us, as well as the
 prosperity of their tribe, evidently won
 their admiration, and excited the grati
 tude they expressed. Ido not know
 when I have witnessed a more interest
 ing interview than the one I have but
 feebly described.
RAILROAD TRAVELING.
 Who can estimate the comfort, ad
 vantage, enjoyment of this mode of
 conveyance. What an incalculable
 amount of animal suffering is to be sav
 ed by it to the world! No matter what
 the state of the weather—though the
 mercury stand at ten degrees below or
 one hundred above zero—though the
 rain descend in torrents, or the snow
 hide the face of the earth—though the
 wind rage tempestuously, or not a leaf
 is stirred by the breeze; no matter
 what the condition of the road, either
 in highways or byways; no matter
 what tiie distance to be traveled, wheth
 er ten or ten hundred miles; seated in
 an elegant and spacious car, as agree
 able as any parlor or saloon, and pro
 pelled on level hands of iron by a pow
 er that never tires, and with a speed ah
 rnost equal to the Hight of birds, the
 traveler performs his journey without
 suffering or fatigue. At times, the illu
 sion is so complete, that it seems as if
 he alone stands still, and everything
 else in in motion. Gardens and fields,
 groves and forests, hills and valleys,
 towns and villages hurry past him with
 magical effect, until he finds himself at
 the end of his journey, it may be hun
 dreds of miles from home, by an agen
 cy and a process never dreamed of by
 the uncounted generations of men tinea
 the birth of the world till within the
 present century. No marvel that ev
 ery thmg is in agitation, and every
 body in process oftransportation. And
 this swift locomotion of the race it only
 “the beginning of the end.” What
 shall it be a thousand or ten thousand
 years hence? A voyage around the
 world will not cease to be a rare event,
 but it will be undertaken with as much
 ivmrhaluiwt as one goes from Boston to
 Liver|&gt;ool.
 The earth is more trusty than ocean
 or river, because it is not to easily
 shaken. An earthquake is a phenome
 non; hut the “ruffian billows” aie
 readily excited to a mobocratio tumult
 by any sudden gale. A railroad acci
 dent is usually no child’s play, it is true
 it is not “neck or nothing,” for it is in
 variably something, and sometimes
 quite appalling in its consequences; yet
 the chances of safety on land are much
 better than on water. Nothing has yet
 occurred on any of our railroads »o
 fraught with horror as the remembrance
 of the fate of the Islington or the At
 lantic, on the sound, or many a similar
 disaster on the western rivers.
 Garrimnt
Rioim or th* SotiM. A fnid
 Convention has been called at Nash
 ville, on the first Mooday of June next,
 to devise ways and means for resisting
 the aggressions of the North on the
 right of the South! This is to be a
 great Southern Convention. The North
 has held Conventions to devise means
 fur resisting the aggressions of the
 South on the rights of the North, and a
 “turn about is fair play.” All we have
 to say ia, stir it up, and see what will
 become of it. There will be no harm
 in agitation—the right will triumph thq
 more speedily,—Aimp mrtU,
 if .U '’*g r# ft,
