P oetrg.
A» AVTVMdAI. LTIWC
 •V
 How liberal ami fc&gt;T«i|r
 I* the ntriml yew;
 TW wmter only «ho»*ri,
 Am.) the wtf only loom,
 To Mif ripe utMM Ww.
 Wlm rand the wfctry tempest,
 Win &lt;*H die alert ami mow,
 Winn radtd (We mountain torrent?,
 UfMalowiiwt
 W bn Ml dw awert spring Idonmi
 lalo Aw lap of lane,
 And Imres grew thick ud juicy
 'Twao elf for sake of sotnms,
 So bountiful awl free,
 Twao aM for (ha golden harreat,
 *Taw all for thee ami ok.
 Wo*we loot the spring time glories,
 And pomp* of awatmer'a day;
 Wa phaed them weN and tnily,
 Hot formed no wish aaduly
 That all the montiw were May.
 We knew, and we were grateful,
 Thai after these had fled,
 The wheat-eulk, fully laden,
 Would hear a be ivy head;
 That mulbemea would ripen.
 And filberts cluster brown,
 And winds through orchards roving,
 Shake pulpy apples down.
 We knew that fruitful autuiun
 Would awile on field and dee,
 And pour ita animal treasure.
 And all (or thee and me.
 And now that we have garnered,
 The tribute of the year,
 We’ll aeek our humble fellows
 For whom no cornfield yellow*,
 And bid them to our rtieer,
 Ami grateful for the blessings
 Ho bounteously beatowed,
 We’ll share them with tlie needy
 That meet ua on our road;
 With the gleaner and the beggar,
 Aud the man of low estate,
 With the widow and (lie orphan,
 Aud the stranger at our gale
 So fbali the aiidimn Mess us,
 And Heaven be pleased to we;
 Aud the prayers of the sorrow stricken
 Ascend lor tliee and me.
 From the Natioual Fra.
 TO FREDRIKA BREMER
 Welcome from thy dusky Norland,
 Daughter of (lie Vikings bold'
 Welcome to the suiiuy Vineland,
 W’hich they sought and found of old!
 B«fi as lapse of Silga’s waters
 W hen the moon of summer shines,
 Strong as winter from his mountains
 Roaring through tlie Northern pines.
 Swau of Abo! we have listened
 To thy saga aud thy song,
 Till a household joy and gladness,
 We have known aud loved thee long
 By the mansion's marble mantle,
 By tlie log-walled cabin’s hearth,
 I'hy sweet tliouglits and Northern fancies
 Meet aud niiagle wi th our mirth;
 Aud o’er weary spirits keeping
 Sorrow’s uiglit watch, long and chill,
 Hhme tliey (ike the sun of summei
 Over midnight vale and hill.
 Sweet eyes sunk lor us in Norland,
 Household forms we love are there;
 In their bitter grief of parting
 Aud (heir bridal joy we share.
 We alone are straugers to tliee,
 Thou our friend and teacher art;
 Come aud know us as we know tliee,
 Let us meet tlie€ heart to heart'
 To our bouseliold homes and altars,
 We, in turn thy steps would lead,
 As thy loving liand lias led us
 O’er tlie threshold of tlie Sweile.
 J. &lt;i. W
 Amssbijry, 11 mo. 1849.
Selections.
SQDIKR’B DISC OVERIES IN CEN
 TRAL AMERICA.
 The Literary World publishes th&lt;
 following extract from a letter recentlj
 read before the Ethnological Society
 at a meeting held in New York, Iron
 the Hon. George Squier, minister o
 the United States to Central America
 giving a brief account of some anti
 quarian researches in which he has
 heen engaged.
 “Although I have been much occu
 pied with otficial business,” says Mr.
 Squier, “I have in the intervals whicli
 ottered during the progress of my ne
 gotiations, and since their termination,
 been able to pay some attention to the
 antiquities of the country. I have suc
 ceeded to an eminent degree in obtain
 ing the coniidence of the Indians, and
 have secured some of their vocabu
 laries. In fact, the Indian Pueblo ol
 Subtiava has presented me a formal
 address, written in tho aboriginal
 tongue, and would rise in arms to-mor
 row at mjr call. In presenting it, the
 spokesman exclaimed with startling
 emphasis, ‘the Spaniards have had
 their feet on our necks very long; we
 hope the sons of Washington will over
 whelm them as they have us; we hate
 then!* It sounded strange to hear the
 Indian talk of Washington; but his
 name familiar in every rancho, and
 ‘Haiti Sons ol Washington,’ is a com
 mon salutation from bare-footed inotut
 on the Toed— ‘Tbs Indians or Subtiava
 have dug up for me a number of their
 idols, and are now exhuming more.
 They impose but one condition, that i
 shall have no Spaniard with me when
 I go to see them, and shall keep the
 ocalities secret. These idols, though
 much emalter, cloeely resemble those
 of Copan in workmanship, and were,
 no doubt, dedicated, to the same or a
 very similar purpose. 1 have eight in
 my possession, ranging from five and a
 half to eight feet in height, and from
 four to five in circumference. The
 laces of most are mutilated—an evi
 dence of the fanatical zeal of the early
 Spaniard#, who waged a war of exter
 mination upon the superstitions of the
 aborigines. They did not, however,
 aueceed in eradicating them; for they
 are blended in a singular manner, and
 no ineonsiderabie proportion, with
 the calboiis rites imposed -by the con
 qeeroas.
 Uetty an Indian, within the sound of
 the bells af the cathedral, offers his
 libation of title (ground parched corn
 and sugar mixed with water) to the
 gods of the fields for the success of his
 crops, end secretly burns gums from
 the forest before an earthen idol or a
caned atone, carefully hidden from the
 scrutiny of the priest in some obscure
 corner of his hut. Upon these matters
 they however, maintain all the reserve
 of the Indians of the North, strength
 ened by fear of exposure to the rigors
 of the priesthood. Some of the sta
 tues to which I have referred, have
 the same elaborate head-dresses with
 others ot Copan; one bears a shield
 upon his arm; and still another has
 risen above its head the sculptured head
 of an alligator. All are very ancient,
 and the places of their deposits have
 been handed down from one gene*6-
 tion to another. The fragments oi
 many are to ho found within a few
 miles ol Leon; and there must origi
 nally have been a great number scat
 tered over the country.
 Perhaps the most remarkable locali
 ty, with the exception of the Island ol
 Ometpe in Lake Nicaragua, is the Isl
 and of Momotnmbita in the Lake ol
 Monagua. I paid a visit to this island
 early in July. It is a beautiful volcanic
 dome, rising with all the symmetry ol
 a sugar loaf from the midst of the lake.
 Before it towers the great volcano ol
 Motnotombo, from the bare and black
 ened summit of which still rises the
 smoke of internal fires. Momotombita
 is indeed a remarkable island, and the
 traveliar who gazes upon it from the
 shore of the lake is not surprised to
 learn that under the shadows and
 amidst the gloom of its dense forests,
 fringed by the stems of ages, stand the
 rude and frownfng statues of the gods
 of aboriginal superstition.
 Many of these have been removed,
 and are scattered over the country;
 and some, I believe have been sent
 abroad. A number still remains; but
 the largest of all, I brought away with
 me at the cost of a day’s bard labor,
 and at great risk in passing 15 miles
 upon the lake, and in a gusty night,
 and a boat scarce able to sustain tiie
 great weight. This bad resisted the
 exertions of I*2men on one occasion;
 after moving it a few rods, they bad
 abandoned it in despair. The boatmen
 thought me mad, and crossed them
 selves devoutly when 1 proposed to
 carry it away. They offered prayers
 on the lake, and made vows. After
 breaking down one or two carts, 1
 finally got it to this city in safely, and
 shipped it, with ten or a dozen more,
 via Kialejo and Cape Hope, for Wash
 ington. But to return. It seems that
 there were originally some thirty or
 forty of these statues of various sizes,
 and more or less elaborately carved,
 arranged in one place, in the form of a
 square all looking inwards. The di
 mensions of the square cannot now’ be
 ascertained, hut the few remaining fig
 ures and fragments show that the state
 ment is correct.
 It is a singular fact, and another
 evidence of the prevalence in America
 of the doctrine ol the two reciprocal
 principles of nature (the active and
 passive, male and female,) that these
 figures were represented, some as male
 and some as female. ‘The Indians of
 i Honduras,’ says Herrara, ‘wprshidk&gt;en
 two images, male and female,' vv&amp;ich
 they call the great father and the great
 mother,' and of which, he says, a little
 further on, the sun and the moon, were
 also representatives. I have heard ol
 other localities, similar to this, which 1
 propose to visit, and shall therefore not
 repeat what was told me concern
 ing them.
 1 must not however, forget to men
 tion that there has lately been discov
 ered, in the province ot Vera Paz, 150
 miles north-east of Guatemala, buried
 in a dense forest, and far from any set
 tlements, a ruined city surpassing
 Copan or Palenque in extent and mag
 nificence,and displaying a degree of art
 to which none of the structures of Yu
 catan can lay claim. The government
 of Guatemala sent a commission to ex
 amine it hut their investigations were
 soon interrupted by the civil commo
 tions of the country, and they were
 only able to bring away some rude
 plans and imperfect drawings. 1 shall
 go there as soon as my duties will pea
 mit. 1 learn also of other interesting
 monuments near by, in Honduras and
 San Salvador, of which no public men
 tion has has yet been made. I shall
 pay all the attention I can to these,
 although there is too much for man
 to hope to do well. But “Here goes,”
 notwithstanding!
VICTOR HUGO.
 The celebrated poet, dramatist, and
 j novelist, is a short man, of apparently
 I thirty-five, although he must be con
 siderably older than lie appears. In
 form he is full, in stature low. His
 bead seems vastly disproportioned to
 I bis body. The forehead is immense,
 and w hite as snow, although he is not
 bald. His hair is black, complexion
 blonde, mouth, nose and chin small, as
 well as his eyes, which are dark, and
 overhung by the brow; expression
 thoughtful and rather sad. His neck
 is so short, and his shoulders so broad,
 j that he seems to wear his monstrous
 head, like the Patagonians, between
 his shoulders. Nverthelcss, Hugo has
 by no raetun* an ugly or uninteresting
 person, fits dress—and one may as
 well attempt to sketch the outline of a
 horse without his hide, as to convey
 the least idea of a man without his
 dress—was a dark blue pants
 and white vest, with cotytir a la byron.
 This matter of the collar is peculiari
 ty in Paris. Everybody wears a stand
 ing collar except Hugo and Montalem
 hert, and almost every one but these
 wears short hair.
 Hugo seemed always extremely
 busy when I was in the Chamber,
 reading pamphlets, or opening and
 reading letters, and answering them;
 and at the same time laughing and
 chatting, with great animation and hu
 mor, to the numerous members who
 called at his desk. As a man of genius
 and letters, Victor Hugo stands in the
 very first rank in France. As a legis
 lator—os a popular speaker, however,
 he seems not to have been se entirely
 successful. How much of this ill suc
 cess has been owing to that absence
 of practical ability which men of
 genius often exhibit in tbe management
 or discussion of public attain, and how
 much has been owing to tbst feeling of
 jealousy so eften exhibited by proctieal
 men st any infringement of men of let
 ters upon what they deem thpir pre
 rogatives, is not easily determined. It
however, very certain that the grtti
 poet was by no means toeceanl to
 his first appearance in the Tribune,
 and that itc has not been there since.
 A caricature of Hugo has recently
 caused some little merriment, as it baa
 collected a crowd at the windows of the
 firint shops. It presents a short, fat
 ittle man, with a huge head, sattiog in
 a contemplative attitude, pen in hand,
 upon a pile of boohs, lettered Poetry,
 Romance, Drama, Re. These booki
 rest upon a cheat filled with bags, am
 labelled “Rentes.” Hugo is wealthy.
 Upon this pile of books sits the little
 man, with a big head, hia elbow repos
 ing against the towers of Notre Dank,
 one heel resting on the dome of the
 French Academy, and the other upon
 the Theatre Frauaais, while on bin
 right is Porte St. Mart me. In the back
 ground are caught glimpaea of the
 most unearthly objects, that one would
 suppose even the imagination of the
 “Prince of Horrors” could evoke.
 There are various amusing pendptUs to
 the piece. For instance, a swUm of
 little are striving to climb the
 great poet’s legs, and to kiss the soles
 of his boots. The application of the
 caricature to Hugo is easy at Paris.
e STUFFING AND SMOKING.
 e Dr. Culverwell says, that medically
 0 speaking, snuffing and smoking are
 d both abominably unwholsome. They
 are delightful relaxations. Personally
 e speaking (for I have been a snuffer and
 9 a smoker,') 1 can bear witness to the
 great comfort and satisfaction I have
 derived from them.
 A cigar, during an evening stroll, is
 1 highly agreeable and companionable,
 but it is habit only which renders it
 necessary. It is pleasant 1 admit (and
 Indies do likewise,) to catch the whiff
 s of a fine Havana on a frosty night, of
 an out-door walk. Nor do I object en
 e tering a bachelor's crib, where only
 3 real tobacco is going on—but a five
 minutes' stay therein is enough.
 1 To those hom smoking causes to
 1 spit, it is productive of great depres
 sion and considerable nervous irritabili
 ty; to those who say they swallow their
 3 saliva, it is equally pernicious; to those
 who are insensible to secretion, it acts
 1 locally, and its influence is conveyed
 1 by the nervous extremities to the brain.
 It would appear ill-natured and cyni
 cal to forbid a solitary cigar, but as in
 I this page I have only to do with its
 salutariness, I cannot speak in its favor.
 “I have never suffered from it,”
 may say someone. Welland good;
 1 I do not forbid you taking one, but it
 surely cannot be wholesome for those
 who do. Besides what is agreeable it
 is very difficult to believe can be hurt
 ful. Nevertheless it may be so; and
 smoking in the majority ofinstances, I
 am convinced is so.
 What is the property of tobacco?
 Sedative stupefying, creative of vom
 iting, and if swallowed in the form of
 an infusion, poisonous.
 Let any man ask himself, after spit
 ting and puffing, if he feel better for
 it; the reply generally is, “Oh, it is so
 soothing—it gives rise to such agreea
 ble thoughts—it carries the mind back
 to the past—it makes a man comforta
 ble even in bis .troubles. How happy
 r every one appears with a cigar or a
 pipe in his mouth, from the lord to the
 basket-woman.”—A geat deal of this
 may be true, but, on the other hand,
 the great smoker is generally shaky
 and nervous, and, like the drinker,
 never happy, hut when engaged in his
 1 favorite propensity. Of what use is
 he then to anybody, or even to himself?
 None. The little smoker, the occa
 sional smoke breather, before he
 gets through his first, or give him cred
 it for two or three, is left with a dry
 mouth and a nasty taste, a desire to
 drink; and although some will deny
 that smoking provokes drinking, ex
 copt coffee or water, few can dispense
 with grog, ale, or wine. Other people
 it muddles, makes them swimmy and
 very disagreeable to talk to.
 Many men smoke twenty or thirty
 cigars or pipes in a day, and a young
 town buck thinks it derogatary to his
 buckhood unless he can whiff away
 two or three. To say nothing of the
 nuisance of smoking, the habit, capti
 vating and socializing as it may be
 held to be, is decidedly bad, very bad
 for delicate persons. As to chewing,
 it is an expensive habit. It is so beast
 ly a one, that there is little fear of an
 invalid resorting to it. It is equally
 pernicious, nay, more so then smok
 ing.
 Snuffing is sometimes used medicin
 ally, and with much success. Light
 i stimulative snuffs are useful in the
 affections of the head and eyes, and as
 a gentle refresher, I have no objection
 to it; but real snuffing, where a man
 i consumes half an ounce daily, and soils
 half a dozen pocket-handkerchiefs in
 the twenty-four hours, for those sort of
 snuffers awake purposely at night to
 take a pinch, is, I contend very ener-l
 yating, very depressing, except at the
 intermediate moment, and extremely
 hurtful even to digestion; for despite
 all the precaution, the snuff or its juice
 (bah!) will get down the gullet.
 Halt a dozen pinches after dinner
 are allowable. Young men should par
 ticularly avoid becoming snuffers; a
 very short indulgence makes them look
 ten years older. These habits are
 very easy to acquire, and very difficult
 to leave off; but it is not, as some peo
 ple say, dangerous to abandon them at
 the eleventh hour of your life.
 Mayhap such may not be necessary,
 but I have known people give up amov
 ing and snuffing, which they bad in
 dulged in for years, af a moment’s
 notice, and those people have been my
 patients, and they have sooo found ma
 son to thank mo for the advice.
op A CIAIY
 A DEPUTY Of HIS STATNIC MAJESTY CAL
 LIMG ON i CATHOLIC rSIKST.
 The Reverend father Geiburg, a
 catholic priest—says a late German
 paper—was lately awoke early in the
 morning by his servant, who said that
 a visitor was iu the room below and
 wanted to see him immediately. The
 good priect not feeling very well, or
 being reluctant to leave his downy
 couch at so early an hour, sent down to
 know the business of the caller but
 was told that as it was a matter of
 the most vital importance, it would only
be cotnmunicatud to Mr. Geiburg him
 self. The servant described bin as a
 well dressed gentlemanly person, and
 this induced the priest to bare him sent
 ap to his bed-room, so that after the
 business was settled, be might consign
 himself for a few more boors, to the
 arms of Somnus. It was, however,
 otherwise fated; sleep did that morning
 no more refresh the energies of the fat
 priest. The visitor was ushered in
 and took a seat near the bed side.
 M Whom bare I the honor of addres
 sing'” said Mr. Geiberg. “You see
 before you the most miserable man.”
 waa the answer, whilst the visitor went
 to the door and locked it inside, so as
 to prevent intrusion “Explain, sir,
 explaio,” begged the priest, probably
 having visions of comfort of religion,
 absolution, and a well lined purse.
 “My errand is a most painful one,” re
 turned the stranger, “painful both to
 me and to yourself, but my mind is
 made up, and it must be done.” He
 goes for a confession, thought the
 priest. “Know then, sir,” continued
 the stranger, that last night I was as
 is my custom, busily engaged iu read
 ing the word of God. I was not only
 reading it, but also interpreted it to'my
 self, and derived much consolation from
 it. It was near midnight, when I read
 of the evil spirit how it in former times
 appeared to men. I could not believe
 it—l could not conceive how the Al
 mighty ruler, in his wisdom, could
 create a power to tempt and mislead
 weak mankind.”
 The priest, by this time, must have
 got much interested. “Presently,” re
 sumed the stranger, “I heard a noise
 in my room, and looking round, J ob
 served that I was no longer alone. The
 evil spirit was with me—he stood im
 mediately behind my chair. ‘Unhappy
 man,' said he, in a deep voice ‘to dis
 believe the word of God.’ I knelt
 down, but he commanded me to rise.
 ‘Rise,’ continued he, —‘no peace, no
 rest shalt thou have; no comfort, no
 happiness shalt thou know until by thy
 hands one of those who preach and sin
 against me lias suffered death.’ With
 these words the spirit disappeared, and
 to save my soul from perdition 1 have
 come to obey him—you must die.”
 The Reverend gentleman must have
 been awfully confounded by this dis
 closure. -He preserved bis presence
 of mind, and at once proposed to sacri
 fice another priest instead of him, to
 which his visitor demurred. The mani
 ac—for such he was—and Mr. Gei
 berg, had, of course, discovered it, then
 beckoned to him to get up, at the same
 time taking from his pocket a good
 sized knite. The priest then coolly
 asked him to he allowed to dress,
 speaking of his death as a matter of
 course, and talking very loudly that
 his servant, who was in tho habit of
 listening, might hear him. The servant
 did hear him, too, hut was too fright
 ened to move. The maniac begged
 him to hasten, and the awful moment
 seemed to be drawing near, when the
 priest hit upon the lucky idea, of sug
 gesting the propriety of taking down a
 summary of the proceedings on paper,
 to which the visitor agreed, and putting
 4own his knife on the dressing table,
 set about writing down &lt;the commands
 of Satan, and how he was going to
 obey them. Mr. Geiberg coolly ex
 amined the knife, and telling.the mani
 ac that it was scarcely sharp enough,
 asked if he had not another. The an
 swer was that he had nothing else, hut
 that the priest would, perhaps, oblige
 him with a razor, which foolish request
 was scarcely made, when the good fa
 ther threw the knife out of the window,
 and shouted for help. A rough and
 tumble fight then commenced between
 the two, the maniac looking about for
 some destructive weapon, hut finding
 none he had nearly strangled the father
 with his hands, before assistance came.
 The maniac was secured "and taken J
 back to an asylum, from which lie had
 only escaped the day before. The ser
 vant who had listened all the while,
 was so overpowered that she had fain
 ted, and the loud shouts of the priest
 were heart! by people in the street, who
 thus opportunely saved him from
 death.
The Shark Charmers. —“No sum
 of money, however large, no temptation
 sufficiently strong —would induce ths
 divers to descend into the ocean, unless
 two shark-charmers were present, who
 they believe, by their charms and po
 tent spells, prevent the finny monsters
 of the deep from injuring the pearl-seek
 ers. One of these impostors goes out
 in the pilot’s boat, and remains at the
 head of it,{muttering a prescribed form
 of incantation as each tnan descends to
 brave the pearls j&gt; f the vasty deep.
 The other man is left on shore,and
 is shut up in a room;where he remains
 in a state of nudity until the boat’s re
 turn with divers),with a large brazen
 bowl filled with water,in which is placed
 two silver fishes,and they affirm the mo
 ment that a shark appears the fishes ag
 itate the water, and, if an accident is
 about to happen, one fish will bite the
 other, when immediately! the charmer
 “binds the shark with a potent spell,
 and compels the creature to abstain
 from injuring the divers. These shark
 charmers reap a rich harvest during the
 fishery,as the natives believe that,un
 less they are liberally remunerated,they
 will exert their powerful spells to make
 the sharks injure them, instead of com
 pelling the monsters to remain quietuntii
 the pearl fishery is over It is lather
 singular that, although sharks are fre
 quently seen by the divers, an acident
 never happens, and numberless fish
 eries have taken place without a single
 accident occurring.” —Dublin Mug.
An exchange says that about 180 tons
 of ivory are used annually in Sheffield,
 England. It is estimated that 18,000
 elephants are killed annually to make
 up the a supply.
“A ML'ISASCS Asatso.” —We cut oat fur
 insert ion so article of the above title on the
 death of Nati«eism in Peruisylvaom, hoi ii
 fat mislaid. Never was there a meaner,
 more prodigate or despicable fimuon than
 that of the demage goes who sought to bring
 themselves into a notoriety thev oottld not
 otherwise secure, by petting the torch to the
 combustible materials of nations! prejudice,
 sad that sacking to stray brethren of one
 common destiny, In bitter hostility against
 SOeh other. Thank Chad, tbe haw purpose
 wee freetmted, sad dm enemies of (led and
 amo mhosatartsited it, ere sunk in “that
2M&gt;oertfecmnti&amp;
Northampton water curs.
 Electricity aii7ly4r*patby f
 T»HE important pricipie* oCtZmmeom Electricity.
 X the discovery of which by lb* Himix*«l, hun
 oprwrd so wide a field for scientific ami pfcvsiulagicui
 investigation, though ridiculed awl oßWrd at it*
 §nt aaiMnonwM in 1944, by anlirai and pwfci
 •etHy Mimiific awn, being mom fustuinud by cnkm
 pbilnaoplae awl wintific knowledge, and by
 Uwirt] Hi* theory by ruuniaatkaw ia Uwir ova emmet,
 the undersigned a confident that this priori,* of
 natural and pbysiulog ical law, needs only to he on
 drrstuod to be justly appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by tori, testimony, and more than ire
 years' practical experience as a Diagoosian and Hy
 dropnthist, the undersigned woold Wre repmt the
 eonulusions at which be has armed by the sense of
 touch. Ist. That the homaa body, m a healthy
 condition, ia in a ponttrt tUttncal ttatt. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanatioas from the cnticlar
 surface, indicative of Iwahb, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That ia all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or long*, nre in an electro-posi
 tive suite, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 core; lot when the parta of the liody alluded to are
 in the rlectro-megalire state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of Ms practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which flu- undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the uatnre and symptoms ef disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of (heir cor
 rectness, by •Professor Means, of Georgia, awl Mr.
 Heinmer, of England, awl the facts awl corrulmra
 tive testimony adduced by l&gt;r. Forbes, Mr. Smec,
 awl others, should lie sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully ap|&gt;reciattng the credit so generously
 aw an led for his success as a diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by tlmse whom lie lut* had the
 jdciisure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit tint confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrfinal and phlotophtcal method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Core is pleasantly .situ
 ated near lfensonville, on the west I tank of locking
 Water, or Mill River, aliotii two ami a half miles
 from tlie centre of tl»e town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate lathing siuddress
 ing-rooms, for ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,and
 a variety of laths, abundantly supplied w ith water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, ami pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with tlieynain building, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patient*. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy tlieir rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lieudache, tendency of blood to tlie liead
 cold extremities*, general and nervous debility, l&gt;run
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun*
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the Utwels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rlieuinatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish Uieinselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worh linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, ami a pair of slippers.
 Tk rms,—For treatment ami board from $5 50 to
 $S 50 per week, payable weekly For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 $9O0 —w ith room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50.
 Patients requiring extra attention nr fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) w ill furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should Ire particular in stating tlieir lasi
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID RUGGLES,
 Northampton, Mats., 1819.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or sopth, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will)
 always lie in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That tlie sick and nervous
 may uot be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 ui the evening train are requested to take lodgings
 at a hotel.
The human Moot), in a normal and healthy con
 dition of lh*‘ system, is in a |K&gt;silive mate, which
 is constantly maintaineil l»y the activity of the
 general iii*; sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ng oft in silence from tlie cuticular surface, so tlial
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. ilemnier ol
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the pres* lice of (sisitive electricity. This surplusage
 of the (Ini*l upon the surface, we believe to lie indis
 |M‘nsalde to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and tliat when, from any cause, il
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 See address delivered lie fore the Medical College o
 (Jeorgia, at tlie opening of its annua! session, Nov
 S, 1817, by A. Means, A.M., M. 1)., I’rofessor o
 Chemistry and I’liarmaey, and Prolessor of Physica
 Science hi Emory College, 45a., page 26
 Dr. Joint Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: Perhap.-
 there is scarcely any disease in which the func
 lion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 Po what extent, physicians have not liestowed suf
 ficient |i.iins to learn; nor have they lieeu accustoine*]
 to give much attention to this part, in tlie practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 teaches us that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 of tin? system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liquid; ami practical experience exhibits it asi
 tlie channel through which tlie materia morln iu
 many instances, ami the ImrUieii of pietlmra eene
 rally, find their exit.”
 I lie Istmloii Sun, alluding (o ii*e discovery ol
 voltaic electricity by Alfre.l Since, Surgeon to die
 Bank of England, says: «By a test which lie term,
 electro-Voltaic, be lias satisfied himself tint tlie ter
 minations of the sensor nerves are positive |siles o(
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is tlie
 negative pole. The seusqg nerves jyre die telegraphs
 which carry ll.e sensation to die brain, ami the motor
 nerves carry Iwck die volition to die muscles.” See
 N. V. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hollick, or the Mibject of electricity, remarks:
 gent tlial atlecis the body more, both
 naturally and artificially.” See his work on Neu
 ropathy, |&gt;ublisited iu Pinladelphia in 1847, p. 127.
 'Plie follow mg extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by die N. V. JoArual ol
 t'oumerce from a foreign Scientific Review &lt;4
 do m&gt;t prelend to say that a iJeficiem y of electricity
 may not occur in one |iart of lire Imuran body, and
 an excess in some other part, firr a time, art*] tliat
 (Ids may not I* tlie cause of disease, and the resto
 ration ul the eipnlilirium die cure; I think this most
 likely, aud that it is upon this principle, in a great
 measure, dial the wonderful effects of electr* -mag
 netism, in the cure &lt;&gt;t disease, are to be explained.
 It is (retai l that, when our electrical machines are
 most avtivtly |&gt;ruductive, we all feel most vigorous.
 Our nei vou, systems are dien most firm; Mr diges
 ive organs most active; our minds most clear.”
Asylia for lie sick.
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hvilropikk ud Anraiytic
 Aijlum, No 217 Exchange Street, oppotiic the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.V. This Institution
 is wm (irmly establish**' ami in successful opera*
 lion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas e bat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. AlUioagh water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the ruled States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expresslynadentood that it is not relied os as the only
 or principal letnedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed lor that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other system* «f practice, and are suU unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 brd». wearing emt a life of misery and auflering with,
 out ;»u&gt; hope of ever being any better.
 T he remedies made use of in thu Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hat give men mid
 •treuatb and elasticity to the system- Many have
 been iuoagUt here from ddfersat parts of the eoaa
 try, abo had neither walked or borne their weight
 on {hair feet Goa* five to fifteen years; aad some
 who have Lera unable to dress or aadwss, or eves
 to fiord thamucltes, aad is the coarse of a few weeks
 wimtd be wattling with the rtostjcsty efyea&amp;'aad
 tW usiciatii of a pcdertriia, aUMMMU theta
 ■elves, aad surprising their friends aad al who saw
 them when they first came. The treatawtf of this
 lustnatkm is particularly ralrolatsid to watts the
 “■“Mfttwsr to festales, saeh as
 Ist- The (ailing of the Wtaab, in all iu stages
 *»«fi»ioas ia palieau, from twelve yaars of age
 •tp to ststy, and evea if they have heea confined to
 one to twenty, issehls to stand, tndk,
 wadtns* ihrmsthres, or wen ton feeble in
 bamr any noisr nr spu^^kmd.
 of the Bowels; Paia
 m the Hide, tStambfers, Back aad Band tfcaaal
 Pmemsa. Liver Crsajihints, Staking tfeasatmam
arvfroM. fliiim-inn of the Mi wtt. Exoa—rvi
 Miili—firrw While*, ell Nervews Diseases, Cold
 Feet mui fiend*, St. AnthonyV Donee, Tetters of
 all kind*, StkJUmn, in it* went form*, Neural
 gin. Tic Donknmtx, Rhmnuti—, Conmnnptiod in
 its first stages. General Weak sees and Debility.
 The proprietor has given hie whole at tern ion to
 the above diseases for the last ten year*, and has
 treated theta in an entirely different m from anv
 ether private practice or public Institution ia this
 country; aad each has been hi* success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on these dls
 eaees, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified «nes, he wishes to giv* that class of invalid*
 •eeking to obtain tlieir bra It h a snfficient guarantee
 apaiast any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into n special eowtrwc.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the Tailed
 State* hare and back home again, before he com
 mence* the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional service*, for nothing,
 if he does not help lltetn according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misttqit escalation* and expense
 without receiving equal lenefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it shall br
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing lias ever been published before;
 and the' proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not U» make known the
 cures that have been mail* in this institution, because
 they must siMli be ladieved; but to let it he moi
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid*
 that linve spent hundreds of ilollars in trying sll
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, ami is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight ami
 ordinary cases w hich may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does be want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, ami follow it up day after day in j
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en-
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call tliemselves well, as he means that every I
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in-:
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS!
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference w ill
 lie made to those w ho have been lielped in this n sti-|
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortlie proprietor to meet tlie above expenses if,"
 required.
HalstedN Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage w hen they have
 learned that others, tailoring uuder as many discour
 agements as themselves, have l»een cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under I’ll RONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., wbicli jtrodtice symptoms id almost all oilier
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as D\S
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALHIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of oilier diseases
 arising’from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians brins; their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as j
 they are generally understood and applied; but a,
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH JSi.ECTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi-!
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to.cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not*
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, tlie diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of file’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from UhildbearingJ
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknow ledge, especially within their own practice.!
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases j
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 Jew months’treatnwnt, would remove their difficulties 1
 and restore them to tlieir families, with health to!
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otliers. This has never failed to Is;
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and lielpfegs tlie patient may have
 liecn on entering it. Many have come hundreds of'
 miles on beds, in easy chaiis, by Imat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked lor years. These 1
 la.licg have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 A’m h is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alellnl treatment for all long standmg or Chronic die-
 rate*, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION
 We will enter into a special written agreement with 1
 such ax desire it, who enter the. Institution, follow the
 n ties and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and front
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not hrlpeij according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of eiupyrkisin from
 those interested in keeping patients under their ow n
 ckirge, and wi ill be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking felief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will lie practiced upon tliein.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and poetised only at thu Institution. j
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 hned for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pee- j
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go apt
 and down stairs tn 4)4 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble m regard to their origin tl. dif
 ficulty. To porluce this utmost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and I
 in every instance a speedy cure u performed. If any
 urns doubts let them select the most trying and dtjfi- 1
 cult cast they can find, and test our vernal u and thill i
 Our TERMS art easy. I
 N B.—Auy one wishing to know man aboot our'
 system of treatment for Lu»u disrate* or any other
 d.Ukuky can address us [post |«id] and we will,
 send them an aeeow* of the Institution—rVmfieates
 of cure—official report of in** year, hie., free of
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. H. —Our room in limited, therefore we waut
 ■mor to apply that can be cure.l at home. We pri.fe
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Common m I tons should be addressed toll Lit ED
 Hm.l, Medical I anti tnae, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 RrrEREUCES.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, aad
 O* W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. T.
 ‘‘E?ery¥»ifTte •wi Ph&gt;»kita.”
 THJ? HOME DOCTOR.
 JUI?T PI BLIMHED, a aew and ndnabfe hook
 for every fcmdy in ihn country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indseales, ft is “THE HOME DOCTOR, «r PamiH
 lT **fthe cauuen, symptoms and Ueat met a
 of mtniri; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rale* for preserving that state. Apprn
 dedto which at* recipe* for making various medi
 eme* andarticle. for diet for the sick room. The
 te Hirts, giving their aamee, varieties,dearription,
 “f*™ properties and dunes, use, tune of gathering,
 ami many other directum* very asefol for every fmn
 »ly to know, mud wrklea expressly for fomiiy use.”
 The Herb thmk ts devoted solely to /Asafe ALd
 **.**•*9' «'M foraedi ou that point all the
 information wasted for general use.*'
 The tw« book* are pat up and hound itgHWtud
 owttin lOff ptfea, pm* flp rents, nr sold *epnrm*
 At 124 mb. s
 Thn symptoms of each disease nre carrfetb itrtm
 he recognised hum sooths., to phi
 2* dark; aim tfe» trauferwmt\a
 Mmteh of gemrai physiology, aad rule/, for k^etnet
book hat ham written wjth (tmi r»n, U
 pkun, atmple, comoMnw stylr easily to I* un
 d««*ood hy every person, ant) In a practical physi
 tIM *1 hnUoirt. We no rect u nwn- 1
 it with entire confidence, as feint work safer ho
 in all respects to any other book of the kind eve»
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those lit
 int in new countries anrf unhealthy elimafes, shook)
 not fail to procure a copy and bnv» it at all times at
 band, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensi ve and protrac
 ted doctors UU. \Vhether welt sick, nrh a look
 should be in every honse as s safe* amt &lt;me adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons m
 health cannot he too strictly attended to l«y all.
 The price at which the l«ook is sold is so 1.,« ij,.,,
 every family may hare a eopy, and none should be
 wit hoot it.
 The Irnok is put op in Paper binding, amt can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only cents to j„ v
 mart of the Gnited Stati-s.
 90- Any person sending us ear ,r t v mail, and
 pnd laying fsistage on the letter, *h.,li i«ve i, or
 copies sent him frrt nfjmt at
 Send in yonr oriJerss. there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it coine.- t&lt;&gt; daily, and the book'
 always reach th"*ir destination.
 jp-fW *J»iHes can rhtb together ami send a
 "ir.vi.T haVr f&lt;&gt;,,r one address
 V E* l —Agent* in most of it&gt;e Stales to sell
 this work, almost every family will (Mirrhase u if
 earri«*d to tlieir doors. A small capital of from S2U
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address
 GEO. \V. FUBMEK.
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange -st, Rochester, N. I
'g. w. MERCHANT'S*
 I I. E n It A T K I)
 GARGLING OIL.
 U’OK HDR&gt;FS HI n I&gt;H
 Sii i
UNPARA LLED IN THE HISTORV Of
 MEDICINE
 AS TH A. NuST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME ami experience have fully prove.! that lint
 ITNI\l T NI\ ERSA L HUM ED V has not its eipw»l
 «»n tin* list of popular medicines, having lieen before
 the public lor more titan fourteen years. Testimo
 ny ol the most -disinterested chatarler of its w*&gt;n
 ilertul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of sin
 rial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 tlie Carrier and Farmer, and the yyonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy ran possess yyithio
 itself the virtue of curing mauy diseases. E\|*«ri
 ence of more titan fourteen years Iws nevertheless
 established tlie fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Oargling Oil, &lt;‘&gt;r Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most vases and relieve such as the follow.
 ing, among many others in the cute of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely laded
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AE
 feet ions, Bites of Animals, Frost Biles, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and, Scalds, Cramps. Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers Iroin local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tlie mus
 cles,Wounds, Syvetlings, &amp;c.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Calls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR OR EASE, MANOR, FARCY,
 Numerous are tin? unsolicited statements of pa
 tierits themselves, and others yylio have used the t »d,
 of cmvs w hich in themselves appear so remarkable
 •hat y\&lt; re tin y at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 'I lie celebrated l»r. Parker also writes as foil,.us
 I)e &gt;r Sir: I have prescribed your tiurgl ng Oil in
 various cases of
 practical surgery,
 aa a liniment, with marked success, and would corn
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 fill contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings
 and m all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a dierutient, it is harm
 less where the lebrile symptoms liave been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means now m
 use.
 1 Would ahm recommend it to community at large
 as a sate ami powerful remedy where there is ~u
 general fever in all the aU&gt;ve to lie
 treely, and to counteract intiamination in a reinaik
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 mg, and consequent soreuess in hot iveather.
 h rom the |&gt;ectiliar nature of this Oil, ami tlie
 unparaHefod success it has met with in the hands of
 tlie FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of tin
 great number of medicines which have been ofiered,
 nwie have been so well adapted to tlie prompt cure’
 of Diseases to wliicli Horses are liable; it has lieen
 very justly t ailed a Complete Panacea for tlie Horse
 ror instance, read tlie following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 i his is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care ol from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use ol Merchant's &lt;targlin K Oil for
 two years oast, ami can safely say, that for all tin
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use alsmt one bottle ,*r month, and re
 eonum-iid it to the public as the lies! medicine for
 Ito Mes K D M IN OK
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will Is
 promptly responded to.
 Oet a |iainphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 w iW accon, pb*hed by the use ol this medicine
 »okl by respectable dealers gem-rally in the I ,n
 ted Ntales ami Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, W m. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow fc Voiko, H. D. Wai.»,
 Roclteiter,
 H E (jaylord, llemleisou k Pamlersou, (.'leve
 tend, O Ding Son, Colombo-, O.; Cordon
 k Isiael, Cmcmnati, O.; McClure L Co, Albany;
 Holli-ier Co, Dullaio; ttreeuman k Smith, iJm
 ta; P D Orris Co,Troy, NV. July l» bin.
British Periodical literature.
 Tfu Lfmdon Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Merits
 7fie Xorth Bntuh Review, the H ettmnrter Renew,
 atut Mackmuod'* Edinburgh Mu s ,jx me.
 T'HK wiiie-npreud fame of then* .pieudid periodi-
 X caU rfwlm it nredlewi to aay much in their
 A» literary organa, they Man.l far advance oi
 any tiling of the *»rl now pahliihmf, while the polit
 ical complexion ol each ia marked by a dignity,
 c-mdor, and lothrarance, not often louud in woik*
 of a |»arty character.
 They embrace the of the three great partiea
 10 Lug land —Tory, Whig, aud Radical. Black.
 w&lt;Kid and the lamdou tfnarierly are Tory; I lie
 blinlwfh Her tew Whig; and the YVe.-nuna
 »ter Review Kaiiwal. The North |Briu»b Ke
 »»ew ia more of a religion. ciiaracter. liaviug been
 originally edited by Dr. ('halruer*, ami now aince
 hw death, Iwntg romlncu-d by hie Miu-ia-taw, Dr
 Hauna, aanortalrd with Sir David Brew .ter. it.
 literary chapter ia of thr very highem or&lt;)er. The
 W evtnimaler, though reprinted umler that title only,
 ia pobltaeed w Kaalaml under the title of The For
 eiga Quarterly and W' eatininater—it being in fiirt a
 ■awm of the two Ketirwa tnroerly repnbHehed and
 reprinted wider aenarau- title*. It haa, therefore,
 the advantage liy thi. combtuatiou of uniting m one
 work the beat feature* of botli ae kMvtokar eiaw-d
 The above IVnudicaJ* are reprinted M y^k.
 utamediatelv on their arrival by the Hriti.h steamer.,
 in a heamiftd clear type, a* fee white pnper, awl
 *rw faubfwl cope-, of the Ottfiaala, Blech wood a
 »lET*' tU Edinburgh
 pfticite roit I*4o, (if iviacutitD rut uttv
 V.X any one of the four Review*, f 3 00 per annuo,
 kor any two do g W
 k.w any three d.. 700
 hOO
 t* f SSZZfr 300
 W**»oud«&gt;d«£* Rev tew 900
 Black Wood the 4 Review., 10 00
 raymenlt tobt made to all t aut to advance
 CLUBBING
 riaar (agin of any or all the above work* will
 addreaa on payment of the regular s•*&gt;
 ■cTgMiua for three—thr lonrth mj,i bei .f gratia.
 i:\RI.V f'OPIKS.
 A late arraaerment w id. line Itritiah puMiafcrr**
 HMrt wmai’a Magamne mart, to on early «hwi*»
 (hat work, by which we duH In? aide to pfcue the
 «Wire number in the fc.it*ls of »u!*m rihrr* twine nay
 ptftiaw of it can he eejninted in any ol tfca Aawrwaa
 JowrwaU. Fur thu amt other advantage* mured to
 oar afchnrriher. we ptf e» large a wide ration. that
 mavfca rnaapath rf u nw the prim of the Maga*
 mm- Therefore we repeat .uteri the early whde
 the price U low.
 HraMrtanroa ami rn—neimtowa ahwiM afwayn
 VKrrh Sir** A
 j Mmtomftkw X9***j§
