FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. R. RELAX Y, Earruas.
VOL. I. NO. XI.
Tbe NORTH STAR i« pabliiM even
 Friday, at !fo. 55. Buffalo Street,
 {Offmtf lb Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 T« &lt;ioQarn per mm X&lt;
 ••bicriptioii will he nec*i»eU for a fo*» w® ai
 •in mmlii.
 not rxc«!inj tf# hue® ineertoi
 three tiiae# f,r on* dollar; eveiy subsequent ineer
 ti on, twenty-fire cent*.
 Tut nhjeet &lt;&gt;ftl*e \ojtTH St a* will be to attach
 Slavery in all iu form awl aepeett; advocate
 UhiUkAl EeAßCirATioa; exalt the standard
 of Pea Lie Morality; pnecaote the aioraJ and in
 teUeTtiwl improvement of the Colorid Pioftl;
 and hasien th- day FREEDOM to the Thru
 Milliov* of oar Ejamu Fellow Codh
 rarm.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 03* All o iim iraii iM relating to the fouiness
 m\3tLttM of t!»e (Kif*?r, na:»ea of .u!&gt;»rihrrs, remit
 tance#, ihaali Ik* addressed t« WILLIAH C.
 Nell, Publisher.
 £J* Agents, a-il all other# sending native, are
 to lie arc ante, an I ifive the Pant Ofirr,
 the C mtif, an I the Stale. Each Sidwcnlier is im
 tue-liately ere life I f&gt;r in »ncy received.
 &lt;X3~ Any [e-r* &gt;n serein*.' in the paym-nt for four
 atbesribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy f&gt;r one year.
 OCP All l-*tl;r# and e &gt;inivanicationa most be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mamachl’Rms.—R. F. Walrntt, 21, Comhill, J
 Boston; Nat'ian Jnhnavn, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Fost*r, Law ell; Janes N. Bidtitn, Lynn; George!
 Frans, Woreeater Bonnie Spooner, Ply-month;
 Charles H. Seth, Sjiringtiel I David Itaggies,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, l pton.
 M aise.—Oliver D*me*t, Portland.
 Y'krxovt. —Rjwland T. Robinson, North Fer-j
 risbnr^.
 Cor tECTicrr.—Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 New II t MfSHIRK. —tV'care Tappan, Bradford. 1
 New Vork.—Sylrv 11. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; Ja nes M•Cms S nith,93, \Vrst Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westlwrv, tfinen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Doty, Mace Ion; Willetts Kcese,
 Pern, Clinton County; William S. Bnltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, I'on Y an; J. Jefrey, Geneva.
 Rhode Island. —Amnrancy Paine, Providence.,
 Pes.vsvi.v ani t. —J. M. Mhvim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Excliange 1
 Place, Ditto; 11. Y'ash-n, B. Bown, Pittsburg;!
 William YVhipjier, Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Pa* Norristown, Montgomery County.
 Oil 10.— Christian Doual Ison, Cincinnati; G. YV\
 Caitsr, Ditto; Y'alentiae Nicholson, Harreyshurgh,
 Warren County; S i nuel Brooke, Salem.
 Ml J Hi gav.—Robert Hanks, Detroit.
 Isdiasa.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
SELEC T I 0
*IIACKFOIt»’N LECTPRE CN THE
 WAR WITH MEXICO.
 [tONCLUDED.]
 The false and foolish idea that slavery
 is, or ever has been, profitable to the
 North, seems about to be met by the
 P» •evidence of God, revealing in loss'
 and disgrace, iu far spreading ruin and*
 failure, that a violation of nature’s law
 of justice, must suffer its just reward.
 It is tints permitted that the success
 of evil shall be its puuislimcnt. And
 instead of triumphing, could we sec J
 aright, we might, 3s true patruMs,
 rather he called upon to mourn, at ev
 ery victory that has been won upon a
 foreign s &gt;il.
 \Vc are but just entering upon that
 state c*f retribution, which is not arbi
 trarily induced, but advances step by
 step, through tnc instrumentality ol’|
 blinded and willing agents. One yawn
 ing gulf after another opens before,
 so gradually, so imperceptibly, that the
 rash and thoughtless know their dan
 ger, only when danger has become a
 dreadful reality. The prophet is not:
 listened to. lie whom I have before
 quoted, said, with a warning foresight,
 If by our advances we put the colo
 nies of England m new peril, w ith what
 face can we oppose her occupation ot
 Cuba? Suppose her, with that magni
 ficent island iu her hands, to command
 the Mexican Gulf and the mouths ot the
 Mississippi; will tbe Western States
 find compensation for this formidable
 neighborhood, in the privilege of Hood-1
 ing Texas with slaves?”
 There is here a subject of fearful
 import. It acquires an aspect of reali
 ity when we consider our present con
 dition. Those straws which show
 which way the wind blows,” may be
 seen floating by in the air. Already is
 there talk of the power of England in
 the Gulf, which is to be made a lever
 for action, in the same manner as in
 the annexation of Texas. An article
 in a leading New York paper, not long
 ago, mav give us food for reflection in
 coneection with this. Tbe writer says;
 “We express a settled conviction, when
 Yve say that, excited as the military
 spinl of the country is by the war with
 Mexico, and confident in the prowess
 of her arms, a war w ith England in a
 purely national quarrel, would be wel
 comed by all the stirring blood of the
 Republic, and that a rail for volunteers
 in such a war, would bring into the
 field such a host as has never before
 been marshalled under the American
 banner; eager for combat with foemen
 worthy of their steel, and on fields
 where pestilence und climate wage not
 their unequal, obscure, hut fatal war- j
 lure. Looking then as we do with cer
 tain assurance upon the near probabiii- j
 ty of a war with England, we are most
 unwilling t her acquiring such a
 fo *t!i dil in th Gulf of Mexico as the*
 *—*i if C itia would give her.
 A ad we have the most entire c-nvic
 tiou, that any attempt on her part to
 acquire that colony, would furnish the
 clearly national ground of quarrel,
 which would unite the people of the
 Hutted Stales in opposition to her pro
 ject”
 Now, with the •existence of slavery j
 j n our country as a controlling power;
 with standing army, a military spirit
 among the nation, and an ambitious
 demagogue to play upon the passions
 of the people; with the false notions of
 patriotism that now prevail; with the
 doctrine that once engaged in a war, no
 matter for what cause, or how brought j
 about, every lover of bis country must
 aid the Executive in prosecuting it to 1
 the end, according to his direction,— a j
 war, with some of the old nations of the
 world, is us certain as the law of gravi
THE NORTH STAR.
tation in the pfa/Mcal universe. Bu
 in whatever form retribution cornea
 whether war with England, or amonf
 ourselves, it matter* not; sufficient thai
 it has always come, and mail come con
 tinually, if there is a God. We do nol
 believe this till it comes upon ns; bui
 this does not alter the facts.
 Who, ten yearn ago, would hare be
 lieved what is now tha tact? Who
 would not have said to him who should
 have declared the history, word foi
 word, event for event, rota for vote,
 and battle for battle—who would not
 have said, What, is this nation a
 dog? It cannot so soon become cor
 rupted by the false maxims of despotic
 governments; it cannot so render itsell
 the reproach of the humanity and true
 civilization of the world. 1
 But so it is. In this age of improve
 ment, and of lofty ideas, when every
 thing seemed looking to the blessings
 of peace and a higher civilization;
 when lovers of their race were seeking
 how they might break down the bar
 riers of national antipathy, and spread
 the blessings of peace, and cement the
 bonds of a universal brotherhood
 when the principles of co-operation and
 love were beginning to obtain a place
 in the hearts of the rising generation;
 when Christianity, in its practical
 truths, seemed about to descend into
 the lives of men, and shed abroad its
 healing and ennobling influences, we
 find ourselves engaged in a foreign
 war, the end of which no one can dis
 cern.
 Its consequences, now beginning to
 be felt, will cast a long shadow upon
 our future, even if peace were now es
 tablished. Its burdens must fall event
 ually on the people, the toiling hus
 bandman, the' laborers for wages, the
 mechanic, the artisan, those who work
 for their daily bread, and earn that
 bread by the sweat of manly brows,
 and the weariness of female hands;
 upon these must fall, at last, the heavy
 burden. Out of the free labor of the
 North must come the means to pay
 these heavy debts. Hand and foot are
 we bound to serve our ma.-ters, unless
 the soul of freedom once more comes
 to dwell among us, and her angel
 wings fan us, and wake us from our
 drowsy sleep.
 A traditionary freedom will not save
 us. It will not do to praise onr fathers
 and build their sepulchres. Worse for
 us that we have such an inheritance, if
 we spend it foolishly, and are unable
 to appreciate its worth. Sad for us, if
 liaving served as the scaffolding only
 :o the glorious temple of universal free
 lom, wc should be at last pulled down.
 Sad, if the Genius of a true humanity,
 leholdingws witbtearfol eyes from the
 nount of vision, shall fold his wings in
 lor rowing pity, and repeat the strnin, I
 Oh land of Washington, how often
 vould I have gathered thy children to-'
 »ether, as a lien doth gather her brood
 indcr her wiags, and ye would not! f
 dchold your house is left unto you des
 &gt;late.”
 But a moral deformity yet more
 lidcous, is revealed to us in this war. I
 Mot only do we see indifference, and a
 vrong estimate of greatness, but a
 positive assertion of principles subver-!
 sive of every principle of righteous
 ness, and indicating that lowest stage
 if degradation, that degree of spiritual
 blindness, which, groping about in the
 light of noon-day, sees not; and walk
 ing boldly in the darkness of midnight,
 lighted by an internal fire of selfish
 lust, claims to see. This war has been
 defended, and is upheld by many, on
 the ground of Anglo-Saxon superiority,
 and the extending of the area of
 freedom.*’ It is our destiny, it is said,
 —so it has always been, and so must it
 he, —that the stronger shall overpower
 the weaker, and the cause of humanity
 must progress, if need be, through
 bloodshed and ruin, through the de- j
 struction of that which is ready to 1
 perish;” and it is the plan of Provi
 dence that the blood of the strong and
 young shall be infused into the old and
 weak, and thus shall advance the cause
 of Human Progress.
 I need not remind you, that when the
 fiat of the Southern Slaveholders, who
 have controlled the destinies of this
 country, went forth that Texas should
 be annexed, many of our Northern
 Politicians, who had hitherto opposed
 this measure, dropped all their opposi
 tion, and were found shouting among
 the loudest, for the lone star of free
 dom.** They made a virtue of a pres
 sing necessity, and while the leading
 advocate at the South was upholding
 the measure in the eyes of the world
 as absolutely needful for the preserva
 tion of “peculiar domestic institutions,” j
 his followers at the North were putting
 forth this plea of “extending the area
 of freedom.” And uuder this mantle,
 the attempt is made to hide the evil
 of this war, following as a necessary
 consequence of the first "extension of
 the area.**
 How can we characterize aright
 such a fatal blindness to all the princi
 ples of right and justice! How cause
 the light to shine into that eye which
 has reached this Mage of total blind
 ness! How argue, when the shallowest
 of sophistry suffices to justify the worst
 of crimes!
 It is a glorious thought that the all
 merciful Creator overrules for good the 1
 sins and errors of his creatures and
 in his all-embracing love, make's the
 very wrath of man to minister to his
 praise. Glorious vision, to look back
 upon the wrecks of ambition, passion,
 crime, and folly, and behold over theta
 all, and through them all, advancing
 the cause of humanity and love. la
 spiring hope, to look forward into the
 future, and rejoice that in spite of «JJ
 that wickedness and injustice can do,
 —the intrigues of the selfish, the cor
 rupt ambition of the demagogue, the
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF 50 COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US AMD WE ARE BRETHREN.
t pliancy of the thoughtless, end the
 stubbornness of the self-willed,— in
 spite of all, truth and justice and tore
 shall triumph, because these are of
 God, and tLe kingdom of God shall
 cornel
 But, rofontarily to make use flf war
 and slavery as instruments for good, to
 hsnd men together for slaughter, to join
 in the exulting shout as ranks of broth
 ers are moved down in ln let
 loose t£e dogs of war,” to awaken the
 lust of conquest, to set at naught the
 commands of God and the common
 bonds of simple morality, In supply
 the means of destruction and of death,
 to look approvingly upon the mighty
 iniquities of a conquering foe, and
 urge on the instruments of vengeance
 and of blood—to do all this in the name
 of Freedom and of God, leaves no
 deeper gulf in the abyss of Evil! Is it
 then come to this, that might does
 make right?” Go thou who makes!
 thus thy infamous plea, and join the
 conquering hosts of Roman valor.—
 Join the despoilers of Poland, and the
 armies of Nicholas in the mountains oi
 Circassia. Yea, go to the deck of the
 Brazilian slave-ship, manned by Ame
 rican sailors, and tear from his country
 the poor, degraded Congo, that he may
 be nursed in the bosom of modcra
 Civilization, and be raised in the scale
 of humanity. The law will call yoi
 Pirate! But what of that Saytothf
 rose-water moralist and soft-heartcc
 philanthropist, that you are on th(
 crusade of freedom and righteousness
 and let the cap of liberty be born&lt;
 aloft before you, and bear the angeli&lt;
 host raising the exulting anthem, Glorj
 to God! Ay, go to the mount of Cal
 vary, and take thy place, not with th&lt;
 weeping women, who look up with tear
 ful eyes, and mourn the death of th&lt;
 Son of God; not with his fainting disci
 ples, who far off mourn their master*!
 loss; but join the crovrtl who wag tbeii
 head in triumph, and offer the lasi
 piercing spear, because, through hi:
 death, in the blessed Providence oi
 God, shall come the salvation of s
 world!
 He who with claim of far-seeing
 statesmanship or exaltation above vulgai
 estimate, defends this war on the gjound
 of the good that will redound to the
 cause of human progress, would con
 sistently be found among the murderers
 of the Prince of Peace. There is no
 crime or wrong in the whole catalogue
 of iniquities, which might not thus be
 justified. The old man who can no
 longer use or enjoy his wealth is not
 safe, because if he is removed, the
 plans of Providence to diffuse bis riches
 will then be answered; and so it is
 right to murder him. How much more
 worthy of the statesman of this age,
 the motto, “No politicrl change is
 worth being purchased by a single drop
 of human blood!” The philosophy of
 carnage and of the battle-lield, is rude,
 and worthy of the restless age of boy
 hood of the human race! In that
 school, Alexander, Caesar, were as
 wise as we are, and “the Man of Des
 tiny” should be our Messiah! We must
 turn back the tide of God’s advancing
 flood of troth, erase the long list of
 peaceful, godlike heroes, and, to take
 a broad philotopkical view, go to the
 means and instruments of the New
 Zealand savage, gifted with the light
 of modern science in strategy and en
 gineering! Deeper is the response
 from every heart to the words of the
 poet:
 The roßfl the human hein; travel*,
 That, on which ble*«in§ comes and goes, doth follow
 The river’s course, the valley’s playful windings.
 Curve* round the corn-field and the hill of vines,
 Honoring the holy bounds of property
 There exists
 A higher than the warrior’s excellence.
 The vast and sudden deeds of violence,
 Adventures wild and wonders of the moment,
 These are not they that generate the Calui,
 The blissful and ll»e enduring Mighty.”
 To strike, to fight, to progress by
 prowess of the hand and arm, are but
 external means, the relic of that beast
 ly nature which we leave behind, as we
 ascend the heights of wisdom and of
 love, in which alone true power re-
 sides. It is but shallow vision to see in
 these means the substance. It is but
 shallow to overlook the mightier ener
 gies that belong to Industry, to the pow
 er of up-building labor, of peaceful
 efforts for the good of man. War is
 but a vulgar instrument of destruction,
 and constructs nothing that shall last
 for the good of the race. War can
 subdue men, so that they shall remain,
 while force is over them, the slaves
 of foar; but never yet made a co
 operative friend in him whom H at
 tacked.
 Who, with the opening Career re
 vealed to this age, of discoveries in the
 realm of nature, —in the heavens
 above and the earth beneath,—the won
 ders of interchange of thought and the
 conquest over space and time, and the
 rude elements which annoy (he savage;
 the increased means of blessing through
 all the outbranchiog streams of social
 life; the new avenues open to ambition,
 the restless explorer, and the busy
 planner;—who, with this vision, denied
 to the dweller* of an earlier age, could
 have looked for a return to the worn
 out maxims of godless politicians, and
 the renewed employment of a shallow
 means of action, carried out in com
 plete perfection, only among the more
 degenerate races of mankind?
 It is indeed strange, and the blind
 ness itself seems hot a part of that re
 tribution, which continually attends all
 human deeds. That is the last stage,
 which defends itself and will not see its
 evil, bat glories in Its shame) which
 doeth evil on the plea that good may
 come.
 Bat good will coae oat of it, will
 there anti” Undoahtodly.
 ITinrwilMfcM. If ifn f-mfra nr Mitt torn
 bi «vii ph—» awjMwm'uy
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1848.
TOTING THANKS FOB MILITARY
 SERVICES.
 On Friday, Feb. 11th, an exciting
 debate arose in the U. S. Senate on the
 i joint resolution from the House of Rep
 resentatives expressing the thanks of
 Congress to Gen. Scott and his troops,
 for their distinguished gallantry in the
 Mexican war. We give some extracts
 of his rem.ark3, as reported in the Na
 tional Era. Mr. Hale said
 I have no disposition to trespass on
 t the attention of the Senate, but I can-
 I not suffer the question to betaken with-
 J out expressing the grounds of my oppo
 sition to the passage of this resolution.
 In doing so, I have no object in view
 except to manifest consistent opposition
 to the war in all phases—in all its as
 pects—and in whatever way it can be
 presented. I feel constrained to record
 i my vote against the passage of this re
 solution, because I cannot, by any pos
 sibility, by any sophistry, separate in
 my mind a vote of thanks to these offi
 cers for the agency which they have
 had in the war, from an approval in the
 war, in which they are engaged. I did
 not promise at this time, to repeat tc
 the Senate my convictions as to the
 character of this war, because I, have
 alreodyauffiriently expressed those con
 victions. I desire only to vindicate the
 propriety of the course which I propos
 ed to take upon this occasion. Any ju
 dicious efforts, here or elsewhere, to
 bring this war to a close—to a speedy
 and honorable close—will command my
 earnest and most cordial thanks; but i
 have no thanks to ofTer those who have
 been employed in the prosecution of a
 war, which I believe to be thus unjust
 from its commencement. Nor can I
 accede to another proposition which I
 have heard maintained with a good
 deal of energy here and elsewhere—
 that an officer of the army or navy has
 no discretion—that he is a mere machine
 of the Administration—that is to say,
 go,” and he goetb, come,” and.he
 comeih, without attaching to himself
 any share of inoral responsibility for
 the character of the transaction in which
 he is engaged. I do not believe any
 such doctrine. I do not believe that of
 ficers of the army or navy are such
 machines; or that, by receiving com
 missions in either service, they divest
 themselves of all responsibility for the
 character of the transactions in which
 they mhy be engaged in pursuance of
 the orders which they receive. There
 is one bright page in the history of the
 English army, which I think might,
 with great propriety, be commended to
 the thoughtful consideration of every
 gentleman who thus represents the offi
 cers of the army as irresponsible ma
 chines. It is found in the history of the
 Earl of Effingham, a distinguished offi
 cer of the army, and a member of the
 House of Peers. He was colonel of a
 regiment in the British service, when
 he received orders to join the army a
 bout to embark for America, and fight
 the rebels at Charleston and Camden
 His conduct on that occasion was wor
 thy of all commendation; and would to
 God that we had some one, who, inher
 iting a portion of his spirit, when the
 order of this Administration was issued,
 directing the advance of the troops to
 the Rio Grande, would have followed
 so illustrious an example! The story is
 briefly told in the Annual Register”
 for the year 1776, and, with the indul
 gence of the Senate. I will read it:
 The Earl of Effingham, whose mili
 tary genius had led him when a youth
 into the army and had since prompted
 him to ripen theory into experience
 wherever real service was to he found,
 by acting as a volunteer in the war be
 tween the Russians and the Turks, had,
 since his return, as a Peer in Parlia
 ment, Uniformly opposed the whole sys
 tem of measures pursued against the
 Americans; and finding, at length, that
 the regiment in which he* served was
 intended for the American service,
 thought k inconsistent with bis charac
 ter, and unbecoming of his dignity, to
 enforce measures w ith his sword, which
 he had so utterly condemned in his legis
 lative capacity. He accordingly wrote
 a letter of resignation to the Secretary
 of War, in which, having declared the
 cheerfulness with which be would sac
 rifice his life tad fertwne hi support of
 the safety, hsusr, mi dignity of his
 Majesty's crown nod parson, he shssrv
 od, that the same principles which had
 tlmc«Uofduty and affection to the King,
j dark n.. t. tb, OvriW«fLi«h»;
 brcMiK a wwKkr-wtatiaf akbennr drawe* draw
 o* rf potmas; beransv die Me tny toJcmm that
 uwrihii* mad ravage* a waiaa, ha* in the
 hraad blaa bay rat pp waae pptty ielaad; far as m
 ■till na; a Mu* ea the flay e f eraatioa, which jra
 «W BHHt wipe eat. Sie ie a *-eih» iwL leareer.
 faettieg the while rabee ef inaeceara; a rattle
 eatiag «at *e heart of the royal eedwa of Lefaaaoa;
 a icaC ia theawred veil, whmhy God left hie «a&gt;'
 pfc; *erefara c*aj«.ior ihjeeh. thee that** aut
 eumra far (by guilt.”
 Let us take heed, my friends, that
 this current of evil shall not sweep us
 along, without the noblest of all resist
 ances, the resistance of moral strength.
 If there is not virtue in using every
 nerve against this war, and against its
 originating cause—human slavery—in
 this professedly free and enlightened
 country, then in vain have been all the
 lessons of the past. In rui is our talk
 of the age of light and projgresu, and
 the good time coming.’* In vain is
 our hope of a purer state of love, our
 anticipation of the reign of Christ’s
 kingdom of peace and good will. In
 rain are our dreams of a better age,
 our vision of a free and happy country,
 where knowledge and art, where sci
 ence and religion, where poetry and
 beauty shall abide aud bless. They
 are all in vain, mere mists which the
 burning sun shall cause to disappear;
 and most foolish and miserable of all
 men are they who thus hope, and pray,
 and labor.
would not suffer him to be instrumental
 iin depriving any pert of his people of
 those liberties, which form the best .se
 verity for their fidelity end obedience to
 his Government. He expressed the
 deepest regret end greatest mortifica
 tion at being obliged to quit a profes
 sion which had been that of his ances
 tors for many ages, to the study and
 practice of which from childhood his
 past life had been applied, and his future
 intentionally dedicated; and that, as he
 waived the advantage which the cus
 tom of the service entitled him to, the
 right of settling what he bad bought, be
 entreated that he might be allowed to
 retain his rank in the army, that when
 ever the envy or ambition of foreign
 Powers should require it, he might be
 enabled to serve his Majesty and his
 country in that way, j n which of all
 others, he thought himself best calcula
 ted to do it with effect.”
 This was the course taken by that
 distinguished officer of the British army,
 when he received orders from the
 Crown to embark on a service which
 did not commend itself to his moral sen
 timents. If there could have been
 found within the ranks of the American
 army, an officer entertaining such exal
 ted ideas of duty and dignity as that,
 who did not merge the man in the offi
 cer, and who could have told the Ad
 ministration that he respected his own
 convictions of truth and duty, and could
 not yield obedience to an arbitrary man
 date, I would have thanked him and
 thanked God that he had given us such
 a man. But I can record no vote of
 thanks to any of the officers of this ar
 my, for having been engaged in a con
 test which every feeling of my heart
 and every dictate of my judgement con
 demns. The resolution speaks of glory.
 That glory I look upon as our shame!
 We have won no glory in this war
 which I desire to share, for it has been
 acquired in a cause which I believe has
 not been sustained by justice; and
 there can be no glory without justice.
 There con be glitter and there can be
 glare, but no glory separate from truth,
 righteousness, and justice; and believ
 ing that the whole of this transaction,
 from beginning to end, instead of add
 ing anything to our national glory, has
 detracted from it—that, instead of cloth
 ing our national charcter with just re
 nown, it has rendered our name a shame
 and a reproach to the friends of free
 principles, wherever the history of our
 doings in Mexico are known—l must,
 as one humble individual, withhold,
 now and forever, any vote of thanks 01
 approbation to those who have been in*
 strumental in carrvinw nn ikn wn&gt;
GREAT MEN.
 The following tribute to the venerable
 James Fob ten, though published several
 years since, may not be devoid of interest at
 the present time:
 I shall speak of great men/’ ac
 cording to the common acceptation oi
 the term. I had a letter of introduc
 tion to some colored gentleiqcn in
 this city, and as I have not hitherto in
 any city found any that have excelled
 them, I choose, in strict justice, to give
 them a prominent place in the cata
 logue. I am really serious, and mean
 what I say, although many readers j
 who seem to believe, more in skin de- j
 pravity than in that of the heart, might j
 conclude, from such an introduction,
 that I mean to trifle. One of those to j
 whom I was introduced was Mr. James
 Forten
 The personal appearance, the con
 versation, and the manners, of this
 gentleman, are of the very first order.
 Hi* stoture, I should think, is about
 six feet, and he is most symmetrically
 formed. As he approaches you, there
 seems in his appearance an evident
 consciousness that he wears a skin
 which is everywhere spoken against,
 yet it occasiens no embarrassment. To
 the reverse of this, he seems also con-}
 scious that he is a man, possessed of
 certain inalienable rights, and exhibits
 a corresponding dignity in bis manners.
 He has no appearance of ostentation
 or vanity, and yet he is polite in the
 true sense of the word, and uncom
 monly easy in his gestures and con
 versation. So far as I am capable of
 judging, he talks pure English, and
 every word weighs. A more interest
 ing gentleman, in elegance of person,
 ease and agreeableness of manners,
 together with fluency and pertinence
 in conversation, 1 I hare scarcely ever
 seen.
 Mr. Forten informed me that he
 could trace his ancestors back in this
 coantry about one hundred and seventy
 years; that he himself was born in Phi
 ladelphia that he was in the State
 House yard, whsn the far-famed De
 claration of Independence was read;
 and that he early engaged is the
 defence of his country’s rights, in the
 revolutionary conflict. He was taken
 prisoner after some severe conflicts,’
 in 1799, while serving in the Royal
 Louis, under the father of the cele
 brated Decatur, and was seven months
 in captivity, oa board of the noto
 rious prison-ship “Jersey;” during
 which time three thousand five hundred
 of Ins fellow-prisoners fell vietiaw to
 Forty-five years ago, be cootmeaced
 the baseness of rail mshmg in this
 city, (Philadelphia.) He served an
 apprenticeship, and at the end of it
 was not worth n dollar. Now, repast
 says, that be is posscseed of prapjMrly
 dollars or move. He e mploys about
 twenty-five haads, mostly colored per
 sons, els east him tea thousand dollars
 annually; aad it is said ho does more
 hnsiaros in has line, than aay other
 house the United States. I-think
 he informed as that ha had atoaatiam
 the nfia for ninety-five vwoscla engaged.
Being once requested to rig a ship en
 gaged in the slave slave trade,
 indignantly refused; considering the
 request an insult. There appears to
 be the utmost order and regularity in
 conducting his business, and among
 his workmen; and the foreman, a col
 ored gentleman, has been with him
 twenty-five years. All his work is
 done without the use of a drop of ar
 dent spirits; and he informed me, that
 be never drank a single glass in his
 life. Mr. Forten told me he had been
 visited by a number of members of the
 Legislature, who were much interested
 in his history; and one or more ©I
 them visited his family, and joined
 their company at the tea-table. From
 what I could learn, Mr. Fcrten is
 abundant in liberal bequests to the
 poor, and is generally a p*iron and
 promoter of beuevolent objects; and
 not only do the poor of his own color
 receive, by his charity, an alleviation
 of their wants and woes, but the white
 man’s heart is often made glad by his
 benevolence.
 The family of Mr. Fcrten, I should
 think, would be enough to interest the
 black law gentry and skin depravity
 people. They are most prepossessing,
 and apparently intelligent, amiable,
 and genteel. Elis two eldest sons
 were engaged in the sail loft, to whom
 he introduced me; and more accom
 plished young gentlemen I have hardly
 ever had the pleasure of seeing. Their
 father showed me a map of the United
 States, drawn by one of them, entirely
 with his pen, which, I think, excelled
 anything of the kind which I had ever
 seen. It is with great difficulty it can
 be distinguished from the most neatly
 engraved map. Other productions of
 these young gentlemen were shown
 me, equally creditable to their native
 intellect and acquired accomplishments.
 Mr. Forten died at his residence in
 Philadelphia, Mar. 4th, 1542. Among
 the last words he uttered w as his love
 for William Lloyd Garrison. His:
 funeral, one of the largest ever seen in
 Philadelphia,was attended by thousands
 of all classes and complexions, includ-
 ing many merchants, shippers, and sea
 captains, who had knowu and respected
 him for years.
 Here is another to William Cos ten, who
 died at the Bank of Washington, May 31,
 1842:
 He had been porter of the Bank
 twenty-four years, and preserved a
 high character for punctuality and in
 tegrity. After his death, the Bank
 Directors unanimously passed a reso
 lution expressiv e of the highest respect:
 for his memory, and presenting fifty
 dollars to his family. The National’
 Intelligencer gave him an honorable
 t obituary, from which the following is
 copied:
 Possessing the unlimited confidence
 of the president, directors, and officers
 of the Bank, millions of money were
 allowed to pass through the hands of
 the deceased; and in no one instance,!
 as we arc authorized to say, was there
 discovered the slightest defalcation.
 The citizens of Washington gener- 1
 ally bear testimony to his excellent;
 qualities. His colored skin covered a
 benevolent heart. He raised respect-1
 ablyr a large family of his own, and, in
 the exercise of the purest benevolence, j
 took into his family and supported four
 orphan children. His funeral was
 attended by a very large number of
 persons, including citizens of the high- i
 est respectability. There were over
 seventy carriages, followed by a long i
 procession of colored men on horse-: j
 back; among whom, to his credit be it h
 spoken, rode one white gentleman,'
 Francis S. Key, Esq., a sincere and'j
 consistent colonizationist. John Q. 11
 Adams, while discussing the suffrage
 question in Congress, remarked: “The
 late W'iiiiam Cost in, though he was j j
 not white, was as much respected asj&lt;
 any man in the district; and the large i
 concourse of citizens that attended his
 remains to the grave, white as well as
 black, was an evidence of the manner
 in which he was estimated by the 1
 citizens of Washington. Now, why: i
 should such a man as that be excluded
 from the elective franchise, when you j
 admit the vilest individuals of the white: t
 net to exercise it f” i,
GLIMPSE* OP SLAVERY HOCTII
 £II.I TESTIMONY.
 This day fortnight we stood on ou:
 wharf. It was a bright and beautiful
 day. The air was balmy, and all na
 ture seemed in sweetest harmony.—
 Hundreds were out enjoying the scene,
 and the man of business, all engaged
 he was, seemed disposed to forget its
 call, and partake of its pleasures. Vet
 aft this moment—it was near in id-day—
 a gang of negroes, manacled, sod
 linked together by sn iron chain, s
 white man in front, and another in the
 renr, was driven along, attracting ali
 eyes! A cold shudder ran through the
 crowd. It was a sight which startled
 and shocked all. flow suppose an in
 telligent stranger visiting us had wit
 nessed this sight—suppose him to have
 known nothing of slavery except what
 its friends aver—what would be have
 thought what have said w hen he
 reached has free home? Bitter words
 would leap to kis tongue. Hot feelings
 of indignation would burn in bis heart.
 He could not forget this sight, nor
 could ho ever after help speaking of
 slavery as the darkest of human
 wrongs. Yet this display may be wit
 nrased in all our commercial marts and
 at every capital.
 Further suppose a ms* every way
 well disposed towards ns, and ready to
 do us full justice, in mil respects, should
 hr the first tamo attend a safe of ne
 groes. Nooe of us like to do it. “1
 never could,” said an intelligent slave
WILLIAM C. SELL, P*s Liras*.
 JOHS DICK, Purrs*.
WHOLE NO—XI.
holder to us the other day, stood by
 an w tne l their sole; as if they wtrs
 oxen. And such, we believe, is tho
 gmeial feeling. Well, the stronger
 goes tu the auction. He sees aw« mao
 on the block, '•-•env persons surround
 her, wishing to buy, and he hears
 questions os to her age, her hab
 its, her soundness. Not content
 with this, he secs one rudely reeling
 i her muscles, to be certain that she is
 j and healthful! As a man, as a
 i citizen, unaccustomed to such
 never realizing that such things could
 be, must he not bo shocked? Will not
 the blood rush freni his heart, and tin*
 g!e in his veins, as if all were on fire
 \ct there is no slave state, no part of
 any slave state, w hich is not forced to
 w itness scenes as sad as this!
 Nay, as to that, a darker f**™ iwrlT
 mains to be unfolded. In that auction
 room arc many slaves. The eld and
 young are there. Fathers ar.d moth
 ers, husbands and wives, brothers and
 sisters, set side by side, fearing every
 thing, yet knowing not what they fear.
 Are these family ties heeded? As
 the father ascends the block, dors his
 wife accompany him, do their children
 gather found them—and do we hear
 the slaveseller say, This is one fam
 ily—they cannot be separated:” Ala*
 it is not so! The father stands alone.
 The wail of his wife may be hcaid
 the agonizing sobs of the children may
 ring in our eais, it is of no avail; the
 sale goes cn, the holiest tics are ludelv
 snap! asunder, and they whom God
 had ordained should love each other,
 and live together, forcibly and forever
 separated? Tell us, friend, tell us,
 humane slaveholder, if any stranger
 could witness a sight like this, or read,
 or hear of it, and not denounce the in
 stitution as accursed? Can we expect,
 do we ask, that men afar off should deal
 gently with it, write or speak kindly of
 it, when it .concentrates within itself
 terrors which shocked the heathen, and
 which, if narrated to us of any other
 people, would make our very blood boil
 with indignation?
 And now imagine that the stranger
 seeing these things should turn to our
 statute hooks, and look closely at our
 jlave laws." Here the freeman may be
 sold into slavery forever, if lie be una
 ble to pay a trilling fine. There, it is a
 criminal offence to teach the slave to
 read the w ord of (led—that word w hich
 we are commanded to study and know
 —that word which the Saviour died to
 teach. In one State, marriages arc not
 allowed; the law making the offspring
 ot any union among slaves illegitimate.
 In none are they legalized. Every
 where is public opinion in advance of
 our slave code. Everywhere are slave
 owncis really more humane and Chris
 tian than the law. That, in. spirit, ia
 vindictive, cruel, irreligious; no bar
 barian code is so bad. Yet it is that,
 and that alone, by which the great ma
 jority of the people of the world judge
 us, by which they judge the institution
 of slavery. Is it strange that they
 should judge harshly They were nioie
 or less than men if they did otherwise.
 —LouitrilU Examiner.
 A Singular Fact rot a Fact.—
 In the Washington correspondence
 of the Christian (Baptist) W atchman,
 we find the fallowing;
 It is a singular fact, that thirty four
 yenn since, the men, through whose
 igencythe disturbing question of slavery
 *as been set in motion, lived within a
 ew doors of each other, in the quiet
 own of Ncwburyport. The one, a
 dim apprentice boy, engaged in setting
 ip types in a printing office, and the
 &gt;ther a merchant, selling ribbons and
 lilks cn the comer of the adjoining
 dock. The apprentice was Wm.
 do)d Garrison, and the merchant
 Francis Todd. Garrison moved to
 Baltimore, and edited a puper called
 The Genius of Universal Emancipa
 ion,’ in which appeared a paragraph
 4uting that a vessel owned by Francis
 Todd, was engaged in the slave trade.
 —For this libel, Garrison was fined
 md imprisoned. This, then, was the 1
 &gt;ise of that fierce spirit of contention
 vhicb has roused the cry of oppression
 m.d wrong, from one end of the country
 o the other, and made slavery the
 •exed question, of the day.”
 The correspondent of the Watchman
 is mistaken in two points. The period
 he refers to ia less than thirty years, as
 l d‘d not go fo Irani the “art and
 mystery” of pi biting until the latter
 portion of the year I*lB. The fin*
 and imprisonment, resulting from the
 libel suit alluded had nothing to do
 with my anti&gt;«!averv career, except as
 an incident. I had previously conse
 crated my self to the'eauve of the slave,
 even before I went to Baltimore; so
 that the singular fact of this letter
 writer tarns out to be a purely ima
 ginary one. Towards Francis Todd f
 cherished n* ill-will whatever; but on
 learning that a ship belonging to him
 was about railing from Baltimore with
 a cargo of slaves, I denounced the act
 is scandalotM and cruel, and held up
 (hat nefarious traffic as equally guilty
 with the foreign. For this honest out
 hurst of moral indignation, I was hea
 vily fined by a Baltimore Court, and
 incarcerated in the jail of that city
 forty-nine days.— Liberator.
 The Ufiuenui is ttpaia.— According
 to a statement by a physician of Madrid,
 in one of the journals of that capital,
 about 00,000 persons m that city were,
 a week ago, suffering from the grippe.
 At Seville a third of the population and
 ■t Murcia great numbers, were suffer
 ing severely from the same malady x
 IwrtDtvcc ia a good substitute fhr
 taiunt. Brian glitters equally wall wsk
 [old.
