Ktandi’k AMimi to kts I'Mitrr.
 Farewell, ray belsved country Farewell,
 land of the Magyars! Fetewell, thou ~n&lt;l
 ot Borrow I Bball never more behoUJ ito,
 summit of thy mountain*. I hall
 again give the name of my **oeotry to
 cherished soil where I drank ~0! “i .-LlTj
 liter’• bosom the m«*k ol justice an 1
 Pirduu, nu! p.rJonli,m «h«
 condemned to wander far tn»m thee, because
 be “batted for thy happme«. Pardon one
 who can ihiTv «tl free that spot of tl.y sotl
 wbeie he now kneel* w ith a lew ol the lailh
 fol children of conquered Hungary. My last'
 ■'xvltß are fixed on my country, and 1 see theei
 with anguish■ I look into the
 •i« overshadowed..
 u..
 luture, hut that
 i'hy plain* ate covered with bloow,
 •tew of which pitiless destruction will change,
 io black, the emblem of mourning lor the!
 v iclories thy tons have gained over the saeri
 hgtous enemies of thy uacred soil.
 How many grateful heart* have sent tneur i
 braver* to the throne of the Almighty j
 How many tears have guahed irom their,
 very depth lo implore pity’ How
 blood has been shed to testify that the Mtg-,
 var idolises hi* country, and that he know*
 now to die for it. And yet, land of toy love,
 thou art in slavery From thy very boeoin
 will be forged the chain to bind all that t*
 -acred, ami to aid all that if sacnlegtoua. U,
 Almighty Creator, if thou loveat thy people
 to whom thou didst give victory under our
 heroic ancestor, Arpad, I implore thee not
 to sink them into degradation. I speak to
 thee, my country, thna from the abyss of my
 despair, and whilst vet lingering on the tine*
 hold of thy soil. Pardon me that a great]
 i.umber ol thy sons have *hed their blood fur
 thee on my account. 1 pleaded for thee, 1]
 hoped lor lliee, even in the dark moment
 when on thv brow was written the withering
 word “liespaii.” 1 lifted my voice m thy
 behall when men said, “be thou a »lav«. 1
 wjrt the sword about my loma, and i gianpeu
 the bloody plume, even when they
 “Thou art no longer a nation on the soil ol
 thy destiny on the pages
 of thy story i» yellow and black letters
 Death —The Colossus of the North baa set
 hie seal to the sentence. But the glowing
 ,ron of the Fast shall melt that seal.
 for thee, my country, that ha* shed so
 much blood, there is no pity, tor does not
 the tyrant eat bis bread on the hills formed
 ut the bones of thy children
 Magyars’ turn not aside your look* from
 me, tor at this moment mine eye* flow with
 teais for you, for the soil on winch my totter
 ing steps still wander la named Hungary.
 'My country, it is not the iron of th*
 •tranger that hath dug thy grave: a i* not
 the ihunder of fourteen nations, all arrayed
 against thee, that hath destroyed thee, and it
 it not the filteenth nation, traversing the
 Carpathians, that has forced thee to drop thy
 arms. No’ Thou ha*t been betiayed;
 thou hast been sold, my country thy death
 sentence hath been written, beloved ol my
 heart, by him whose virtue, whose love for
 thee I never dared lo doubt. \es in the
 leivor of my boldest thoughts, 1 should almost
 us soon have doubted of the existence of the
 Omnipotent as have believed that he could
 ever be a traitor to bis country. Thou hast
 been betrayed by him in whose hand* J had
 but a little space belbie deposited the power
 ot our great country, which lie swore to de
 fend, even to the Jasl drop of his heart's
 blood. He hath done treason to his mother;
 loi the glitter id gold hath been lor him mor*
 seductive than that of the blood shed to «ave
 Ills country. Base gain had more value in
 his eyes than his country, and his Cod has
 abandoned him, as he had abandoned hit
 God, loi his allies in hell.
 Magyars Beloved companions, blame me
 not foi having cast mine eyes on this man,
 and for having given lo him my place, ll
 was necessary, for the people had bestowed
 on him their confidence the army loved lum,
 and lie obtained a power of which 1 my sell
 would have been proud. And, nevertheless,
 Uns man belied Um» nation,
 and his rt*&gt;aid the love of the army witli
 hatred. Curse him, pfcopie of the Magyar*
 Curse the breast which did not first dry up
 betore it gave him its milk. 1 idolize thee,
 O thou most faithful of the nations of Europe,
 a« idolize the liberty for which thou hast
 proudly and bravely combatted. Hie God of
 liberty will never eliace thee from lus memo
 ry. May eat thou be forever blest.
 My principles have not been those of
 Washington nor yet my acts those ot lell.
 1 dedied a free nation—free as man cannot be
 made but by God. And thou art tallen fad
 ed as the Illy, but which in another season
 put* forth ns flowers still more lovely than
 before. Thou art dead —for hath not the
 winter come on' but it will not endure so
 lung *a that of thy companion under the fro
 zen sky of Siberia. No! Fifteen nations
 have Jug thy tomb but the hosts ol the
 sixteenth will come to save thee. Be laiililul,
 as thou hast been even to the present. Con
 lunn to the holy eouusels of the Bib.e. Lilt
 up thy heart in prayer lor the depaited but
 s d&lt;y not raise thine own hymn until thou hear
 er the thunder* of the liberating people echo
 along the mountains and bellow in the depth
 ol ihy valleys.
 Farewell, beloved companions Farewell,
 comrade countrymen May the thought ol
 God, and may the angels of liberty forever
 be with you Do not curse me. You may
 well be proud, lor have not the lions ol Eu
 rope risen from their lairs lu destroy the
 •rebels r 1 will proclaim you to the civilized
 world as heroe-s, and the cause of an heroic
 people will be cherished by the freest nation
 of ihe earth —the fu-est of all free people.
 Farewell, thou land dyed with the blood
 of the brave Guard those red marks they
 will one day bear testimony on thy behalf.
 And'thou, farewell, O youthful Monarch ol
 the Hungarians Foiget not that my uatioti
 u not destined for thee. Heaven inspires me
 with the confidence that the day will dawn
 when it shall be proved to thee even on Ihe
 ruined walls of Buda.
 Mav the Almighty bless thee, my beloved
 country.
 Believe Hope and Love!
 Yankee Sailohs Exhibited.—A Yauke«
 vessel, called the Alert, being lately off the
 Tartary coast, sent a boat’s crew ashore foi
 wood but as they did not return, the captain
 sunt a second and a third boat, neither ol
 which came back. While the vessel was
 cruising about in the vicinity, some twt
 week* later, the boats returned, and the sail
 ors reported that on going ashore they had
 been seized by the native* aud exhibited
 through ths country as curiosities, until their
 exhibitor* were tired, when they were eel
 free, and returned.—They were treated witli
 the utmost kindness.
 Education and Slavery.—Mr. ilowison
 in Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine, says,—
 It is computed that there are m the StaU
 of Virginia 16b,000 children, between sever
 and sixteen years of age, and therefore fit foi
 school. Of these, about 118,000 poor childrer
 attend the free and Lancasteri»n schools, ai
 average of twelve weeks in a year for eacl
 child Twelve thousand more children an
 sent lo college*, academies, and classics
 schools. The remaining one buodred am
 twcuty su thousand children, attend no seboo
 at alt, and receive no education, except whs
 egn be imparted by poor and ignorant pa
 rents Bui yet farther there are in Vir
 gima #tojt&lt;B7 staves, free negroes
 who are, wuthfew exceptions, *?!*olly nnedu
 gated
 Labob in the .’south —A correspondent
 of the ChroiHitype, writing Irom Georgia,
 esya of the working men of that State
 “This class, in which embrace all who
 get their living by then own maoual labor, is
 the substratum of the white pepwlation ot ihe
 Jioolh. Usn eiect# of slavery are most
 strikingly BDtu. The wh*M? workman per
 forms the same kind of labor as the eltres,
 Lbv« aide by side with the slivs, end is do-
,r»&lt;tcJ to hrt o*« •y« in iboaa of the alave, j
 ;„J in lhe*e of aociety, by the contact IV
 work he p*rf*»rms is deg rid mg, because slams j
 perform u. '(V poor workman hss noth mg j
 10 incite bim to any efforts of self-elevation.
 He may, possibly, educate himself and be
 come wealthy Wit the disgrace of wort will
 Mill disc to him. IV not envy
 him hi* lot. Of all white men that I have
 yet seen, the work ingrown of the South, with
 rare exceptions, are tfteioweat and moot de
 graded. Many of them arenas ignorant and
 nearly aa stupid as the Macke. They are
 the moat unfort unite of all the victims of
 slavery.
 The Printers are an exception to all that I
 have said above. Negroes are not allowed to
 learn the printer's trade, and the printer m
 not brought into contact with them A priu
 •rtniar, everywhere, and I am.
 Wr mr The
 Thk AnTfStuttraar Mu.. M
 Rhode Irland Anti-Blavery Society he.-
 annual meeting on Wednesday and Thure*
 day—dav and eveniags, at Mechanics Hall.
 The meeting on Wednesday was numerous
 ly attended, and in the evening a large nurn
 beT were nut able to obtain seats. Tw
 speeches were eloquent, amusing, affecting,
 and deeply interesting. We have seldom
 listened to s more eloquent, logical and truth
 ful speech than that of Mr. Remond, (color
 ed,) of Salem, Maas., or to a more touching
 appeal to the heatta and heads of thinking,
 i feeling beings, than that of lrederick lhiug
 i The meetings on Thursday were addressed
 by Messrs Douglass, Burleigh, Bradburn,
 and several other*. In the evening, the hall
 was crowded, and the remarks, as usual,
 were forcible and convincing. I hi* meeting,
 on the whole, baa been one ol the moat in
 teresting that our anti-slavery friend* have
 held for many years. Poridenc* Mtrrar.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 7, 1849.
 About OurtclTCs.
 The year 1850 is nigh at iiand. With the new
 year commences a new volume ot the Nori H
 Star. The year which is near it* close, la* heeu
 u» us, we are forced to confe*e, a time uf much
 apprehension and discouragement. We hare not
 t«een supported in our labors with that ready liber*
 ality which the cause we advocate demands. Our
 subscription list has never, during the year, been
 sufficiently large to meet current expense* and
 were it not that we have received liberal donations
 from our and the slave’s Iriends, to help us on our
 wav, the paper would now be deeply in debt, and
 «r should, perliaps, though unwillingly, be compelled
 to abandon the undertaking, as beyond oar means.
 Friends, do you desire this! Do you think it best
 that the North Star should be allowed to lan
 gnish'? Is it of so little service to the cauie of
 freedom that it can even be entirely dispensed with'?
 We think not. We know that it hat done good,
 and that it is every week increasing in usefulness.
 We fee. persuaded, moreover, that yon agree with
 us. Tiie paper must lie sustained. We are ready
 to perforin our part of the duty. We are prepared
 to commence a third campaign; but we must look to
 oiliers to furnish the means. The question is still
 as |&gt;ertinent as ever—“ Who goeth a warfare at hi*
 own charges'!” The next year promises well for
 the cause of the slave. Signs already appearing
 above the political horizon, indicate the near ap
 proach of a coming storm. The standard of 1 ree
 dom ia floating in the breeze, and there is marshalled
 around it a mighty and ever increasing liost. The
 enemies of justice and humanity flag and falter.
 They see tliat the day of reckoning draws nigh, and
 fear takes hold open them. We are unwilling to
 desert our post at such a lime. We must appeal to
 our readeia to aave ua from this uecessity. \ou
 must do something, a* well aa we. It is not enough
 that you paj your SRbsci iption—that k*w«U. it is
 not enough that yoa 4tnd your paper to a usiglibor—
 that also is well. But the cause demands that you
 should do more. You must work, work! never
 ceasing, at every opportunity chat presents itself,
 to urge the cause of the slave, and the claims of
 anti-slavery agencies. It is oot much that we ask
 for ourselves; but it is all-important that it should
 fie done. It is this: That each one of our readers
 should send on, during the present month, iiis own
 subscription and the subscription of a friend. Do
 this, and the North Star will be firmly fixed in
 the anti-slavery firmament for another year, and we
 shall be strengthened and encouraged. The pre
 mium we have to offer you for the performance of
 this service, is, the thanks of the oppressed, the
 blessing of those who, under the lash, are ready to
 perish, and the grateful consciousness of having
 dune your duty.
Letter from the Editor.
 NO 111.
 Worcester, Mass. Dec. 3d.
 1 am not about to give you a long account
 of the series of meetings held by Charles Le
 nox Reraoud and myself, in this Slate. Du
 ring the past week we have visited Hubbards
 town, Wymansville, Gardner, Westminster,
 and Marblehead, and have held respectable
 meetings in them all. It i»im)&gt;oasible to hold
 such meetings without doing a certain degree
 ol good. The bare fact that a meetir.g it
 held for the purpose of considering the cause
 of the slave, and to set forth the duty of men
 and Christians, in respect to the slave system,
 must have a beneficial effect upon the comwuk
 nity. “Keep it before the people,” is the'
 true philosophy ol the anti-slavery cause, a*
 it oertainly is, of all other reforms. I,et the
 subject be discussed let the nation have no
 rest; let their ears be perpetually assariod by
 the slave's complaint, till like the unjust judge
 whom we as a nation so much resemble, they
 shall be compelled, by untiring importunity, to
 1 the chains of the plundered bondman.
 The great topic of conversation in this re
 gion, among mer. ol all shades of opinion, re
 lates to what may be tbe action ot the Con
 gress which meet in Washington this morn
 ing, with respect to slavery. All seem to
 apprehend a fierce and bitter conflict this win
 ter —a struggle which shall surpass that which
 i occurred twenty-nine years ago on a similar
 question. This apprehension is well founded.
 Tbe question of slavery is about to try the
 strength of our blood-polluted Union; and a
 second great marriage of slavery and freedom
 will, 1 fear, be attempted. The South is
 ready and prepared to resist to any extent, the
 admission of California, wuh its present boun
 daries, into the presepi sisterhood of States,
 unless it can, at the same time, secure the in
 troduction ofs/ocery into New Mexico. This
 will doubtless be the issue, the bone of con
 tention, and tbe cause of tbe conflict. Ami
 such a conflict! Hour appropriate to the
 model Republic—a straggle between Frtedom
 and &amp;fat*ry. Give attention—Oh *ye despots
 of tbe old world—to the voice of tbe grave
 Senate of tbe Untied States of Amenea —the
 of W ashmgton and Jefleraon—and beer
 witfi heartbUuure the eloquent sons of
 democratic and revolu^? I freedom, ransack
 heaven, earth, and hell, for argu!?* ,,u
 which to defend the foul,haggard,and damn
 mg curse of human bondage l What a da
 play ut Republican fraud and hypocrisy a w
 store for tbe world! A few weeks will deter
 mine the result of this conflict.
MnovrMU*, it is jStmui Ural very little eo«i-
 Jatcc can be ttgbifuUjr repoeed to oortkcra
 nMO on this qtfwtkm. To aappeee Ural they
 will stand firmly U the admiseten of oof
 mote slave States, is to suppose again** oil
 experience, afd against oil emergencies io
 Xfckh their metal bos been put to the test—*
 The friends of the slave would lain hope fat
 Meres* in the immediate result, but it would
 be hoping against hope. The South is more
 than o tnatcb for all the enemies of slavery in
 Christendom, if they will consent to meet her
 on constitutional ground. l\«reil inequality
 io the yery metsl of tho men. The South has
 the advantage. She cunning, active, per* j
 severing and resolute. Accustomed to rule,
 ahe has carefully studied the means by whieh
 to perpetuate tier rule. The strong aeese of
 •wide of position, combined with eeppoeed
 give to the slaveholders all tho
 elf-iniere.., What baa the
 rinauge of i
 Sonh to oppwe Micll 1»J ...11.
 Miolp, ipah*. re a
 „rf uimihly men wlto t«to P&gt;'«
 Mutliern blooler.ooJ yield Vke 'de*gk
 lyrant'spreeeure.
 lieve thftl tti» North, tod not the Sooth, will
 yield, Md that slavety will ho ‘'luro
 pi,ant. John C. Calhoun ia more than a
 match for ihe whole North, on conatilotioutl
 grooode. SlareholdrA were ciutano al the
 formauou of this government, and no one at
 that day called in question their equality with
 all other citizens. Their slave property was
 respected by the fiatuer* of the Constitution,
 and is respected now by the Constitution it
 self. IJpon this ground Calhoun and the
 whole South may stand, and u-i/A-atand all
 the pow er that the North can bring constitu
 tionally lo beat upon them. 'Io meet slave
 holders successfully, we must throw off the
 fetters of the Constitution. The question
 must be decided in the light of a higher and
 truer standard. The ground must be distinct
 ly taken, that slavery, like murder and every
 oilier monstrosity, has no right anywhere,
 and ought to be abelished everywhere. This
 is the only ground to be taken successfully
 against slaveholders and their abettors. Bui
 1 must hasten.
 Remond and myself li3d two excellent
 meetings in this city yesterday, and are to
 hold another this evening.—f. n.
 [The letter breaks off here with a promise
 from the writer that he will send more soon.
 The remainder will be given next week.]
 The Bazaars. —-The last No. of the
 North Star, speaking of the Edinburgh
 Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Society, says
 “This Society has been applied to, for
 assistance, by the Managers of the Philadel
 phia Bazaar, but they have resolved to sand
 as formerly, to Boston.
 Will the North Star please to correct this
 mistake The managers of the Philadelphia
 Fair have not applied for aid, either to the
 Edinburgh Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Society, or
 any other Society in Great Britain. They
 did make a general request tor aid, to such
 of our English friends as might be inclined
 to assist them, and their appeal was success
 ful but they had no wish or intention to
 draw to their Fair any portion of the contri
 butions which have before been sent to Bos
 ton. We believe that the English friends
 who have been active in piocuring contribu
 tions for them, have never worked for the
 Boston Fair. The Philadelphia friends
 thought that a little effort might elicit more
 aid from England, for our Fairs, than has
 usually been given to them, and we trust
 that the results of the Boston and Philadel
 phia Fairs will prove that they were not
 mistaken.
 We thank the Standard for directing our
 attention io this matter.
 While this subject is before us, we will
 ask the editor of the North Star, how he re
 ceived the impression that some objections are
 felt here, against the North Star Fair, which
 is in course of preparation in this city 1 We
 have never heard any one object to it, and
 believe that, as far as it is known, it is regard
 ed with friendly interest by the abolitionists
 of this region. It certainly has our hearty
 wishes for Us success, as has the paper which
 it is designed to aid.
 REPLY TO THE -»BOVt.
 The alleged mistake to which the Freeman
 refers,was made on the authority of a member
 and officer of the Edinburgh Ladies’ Anti-
 Slavery Society. The explanation of the
 matter by the Freemen, a* quoted above, does
 not show the alleged mistake to be a real
 one, but the contrary. The Freemen says,
 they did make a genet al request for aid “to
 such friends as might be inclined to assist
 them.” Wo think this/broad and general
 enough to include. ftiends; and
 a reliable member of the Edinburgh Society
 .informs us that they considered themselves in
 cluded, and felt themselves applied to for
 Now, why should tbi* be denied*
 Jfl'hat if the Philadelphia friends did so ap
 ply 7 Was it a erime so to do 7 —or why
 should the Freeman disclaim the deed as if it
 wore a mean and disgraceful tiling 7 The
 Freeman says, they had “no wish or intention
 do draw to their fair any portion of the cun
 iftbuttons which hav*i been before sent to
 Boston.” Who said they had any such wish
 or intention 7 The North Star never charged
 them with any such wish or intention. It
 stated a simple fact, and we can give our
 authority if necessary, for that fact.
 We accept the Freeman's of
 friendliness to the North Star Fair, shortly to
 be held m Philadelphia, and shall hope to
 see it evinced by the presence of some of our
 Aoti-alaveiy friends at the occasion.—r. b.
Tm DhiramchiB£d American.—A friend
 in Philadelphia saji that he think* we have
 tamed a wrong estimate of this paper, and
 that our notice of k was unjust. We still
 think otherwise. We quite agree with ou
 correspondent that the colored people in
 Philadelphia would he benefitted by having a
 well conducted paper amongst them. To
 our thinking the Ram't Hum, which was
 published in Philadelphia at the time the
 Ihs/ramduteJ Amnu an appeared, was quite
 so well conducted as it is. Why was a new
 paper started in opposition to the bUun't
 Horn •Is there room for two papers l When
 we get sn answer to this question, we shall
 perhaps see esnse to change our nuod res
 pecting the abject of the [hsfrandHaei
 America*. In the mean liinc, we hare seen
 nothing to convioce us that we are in enor
 'respecting it. We shall be happy to hod tbs
 DuJra*cJu±ed American taking a manly and
 liberal coarse and shall be most ready when
 it doss so, to wish it God speed
R4U/VCTIO* Of PufTJyUi.—Tb« PtM MuUl
 GmocaTs RopuU h*» bee* published. The
 b.puC** l L p i‘72r:£** !S_ I
 14.V04,U00. The cau
 revenue wiuhiuu
 mate for U»e current ye*. 7 tlfoodiuireje
 $4 750,000. A uniform rate of
 postage it recommended. »_ *ju
 -*#k
Thi Ifttaat Aot of
 A few week* since, tome «f *h* eolM
 inhabitants of this ritjft ignorant of their tree
 iatmttl, and probably instigated by *we
 white parson*, over etjnwe judgment and bal
 let focliogs colorphofcia and ateomy b«W
 complete control, promoted a petHlea to the
 Board of Education for the establishment of
 a school for the accomodation of colored chil
 dren oo the East aide of the river. A Coto
 mittse of tbe)Board, appointed to inquire into
 the matter, reported unfavoiably to the pr*f
 it of the petition. They urged against it
 the additional eapense the difficulty ol pro
 raring a suitable teacher on the terms nffer
 •d; the usual thinness of attendance to some
 »f the -District schools and the scarcity of;
 roods, which, last year, for several month*,
 necessitated the closing of some, if not ot all
 the schools, both while and colored. It was
 bought by every rattonal man that altogeth
 er independent of the impolicy of establish
 ng colored schools, and thereby fostering a
 tricked and unmeaning prejudice against eof
 jr, there .were reasons urged in that report
 jot only amply sufficient to discourage u.e
 establishment of* new colored school, but also
 lead to the entire overthrow of the system ot
 teparale schools in thi* city. But prejudice
 It woald seem, is beyond reaion. It will not
 lUten to reason. I» argument, and
 sets every motive ot right and Christianity at
 defiance. The following note will show the
 result of the agitation on this subject
 Rochester, l&gt;ec. 3d. 1849.
 Ma. Douglass Sir,—' The recent action
 of the Board of Education of this city, in es
 tablishing a school on the East side of the
 river, for the instruction of colored children,
 has made it my unpleasant duty to dismiss
 from the school all such children, that they
 may attend the schoolhouse mentioned.
 Youts respectfully,
 W. C. FEGLES,
 Instructor in No. 15. j
 Of course f lie colored children, tyho thus
 summarily received theii dismissal from the.
 District school, for the crime of color, will
 not go to the new school which pride and;
 prejudice have prepared for their accomtuo-i
 dalion. It were belter that they should pickj
 up their education in the gutter, than submit
 to such degradation. We invite all the col
 ored people on the East side of the river, to
 adopt this plan. If your children are good
 for anything, they will be all the more likely
 to ptosper because of the opposition of tbe j
 Board.
 Who the persons composing the Board ot;
 Education now are, we know not; and it is)
 not a matter of much consequence who or
 what they are. But we may say respecting
 them; that by establishing a second colored
 school, and by bribing the poor, mean men
 who are the trustees of Zion church, to allow
 the basement of that church to be used for a
 schoolhouse, they have done what they could
 to perpetuate slavery and prejudice. “The]
 colored people desired it,” they say. Some;
 of them did, we allow. Either instigated by i
 white influence, or under a mistaken idea that
 their children would in this way be delivered
 from insult and ill will, some of the colored
 people did desire it. Say that it is so—what
 then 1 Will the Board assert that they
 thought the petitioners had consulted their
 own interests by urging such a request
 And if they did, wasit needful that the Board
 should accede to it 1 Is it usual for Ameri
 cans to be so marvellously ready to give col
 ored men all that they ask 1 Nay, verily 1
 The petition was in accordance with the mean
 and vulgar prejudices of the Board them-
 selves. They desired the separation of the
 colored children. Some of these gentlemen,
 we have no doubt, can declaim bravely, and
 by the hour, agajnst the tyranny of European
 aristocracies. Gentlemen, we would say to
 them, your censure is well merited your in
 dignation is just. The aristocracies of the
 Old World are tyrannical, despotic, oppres
 sive. We rejoice that you have minds to ap- 1
 predate and hearts to teel for the oppressed
 in other lands. We would not say a word
 calculated to damp your ardor or to chock the
 outpouring of your sympathies. The masses
 of Europe are poor, oppressed, degraded. i
 Raise your voices in their behalf! Cry aloud
 and spare uot! Tell the oppressor of his
 wrong-doing Hold the mirror up to nature
 and let the tyrant see his own guilty teatures
 reflected therein But remember that ev- j
 ery word you utter against the wickedness of!
 the wicked in other lands, if it tells upon them
 at all. must cut you to the quick. The aris
 tocracy of skin is meaner and infinitely more
 irrational than the aristocracy of rank. Ty j
 ranny, is at all times and in all circumstances
 mean. The man of true nobility can never;
 be a tyrant. For a man to tyrannise and put
 on aira of supenorty, because he is descended
 from a Percy, or a Vilhers, or a Nell Gwynn,
 sufficiently ridiculous, hut to assume supe
 riority on the ground of having a pale face, i
 is an act so simply absutd and idiotic, that it
 would seem impossible tin any out of a luna
 tic asylum, or drivelltmg idiocy to be guilty
 of. The tank aristocrat has a halo of mys-,
 terious antiquity thrown around him, and pos
 sibly the glory of wealth and a great name,
 which may require a certain degree of irrev
 erence to cast asuie. Tbe akin aristocrat ha*
 —nothing but the fortuitous circumstances oi
 being born of white parents, and in aoolddi
 mate. On the same ground, and with an
 equal show of reason, the polar bear and
 the beasts, if there are any, that live amid the
 perpetual snow* of tbe arctic circle, may claim
 superiority over every animal that inhabits
 both tbe temperate and torrid zones, and the
 ignorant Greenlander and Esquimaux, tie
 smeared in grease and filthiness, must also
 rank above tbe polished inhabitants of the
 temperate conatriea of Europe and America.
 Is it so let ilie poor victims of prejudice
 and coiorphobia m this country, answer, and
 let ibeir anawei prove the irrationality, absur
 dity and wickedness ot their procedure toward
 their colored countrymen.
 It is this prejudice and nothing else that ex
 cludes colored children from the district
 sehosk in this cuy. We have not so mean
 as opio*oo of ou r fellow-townsmen as to sup
 pose that ah, or even the majority ot thorn,
 art under tbe influence of fom wicked .preju
 dice. We eao point to ooT and another—
 many who are exempt from it. We are sor
 ry that the intelligence, liberality and right
 feeling of Rocheoter aboald be repieaemed
 by such men as the Board of Education by
 thou recent scan have proved the novel vw to
 ho. Wo w«nid that it hod Jmeo otherwise,
 wo wjil not hold »U responsible for the
mean and wicked riclutiienctl of
 w»d in erJer that (he honor or dtabermr of*•*
 •ct may ten M lt M shoulders of
 those who performed it* we shall like no ear
 ly opportunity 0 f godiag out who compose
 the Beaid of Edueaiiei of this city and
 publish them abroad, as the abettors of sla
 very and oppression—as the enemies of pro
 reas and of right.—j. o.
Lewis Cass oa
 Some of the friends of General Csss, in
 New Yotk admiring bis politics! course, snd
 wishing to do him honor, recently tendered
 him a public dinner. The accomplshed time*
 server replies, and takes the oppoiluniir ol
 referring to the expected difficulties in Con
 gress. “'Fhe l':iiun—the whole Union'"
 is his motto. .Su iuuitct through what a sea
 of iniquity it msy Ik* needful to wsdc, for its
 preservation no matter if three millions of
 slaves should be doomed for that end to clank
 their chains to all eternity uo matter it the
 curse of slavery should be extended over the
 new territory—the Union still! "A spirit of
 romprurmn*c is necessary.*’ This from the
 man whom the free suffrage ol the American
 people cauie very near electing to the office ol
 Chief Magistrate 1 Auieiica would have
 been disgraced for cvet if they bad Does
 he not know that one cannot make a compro
 mise with wrong-doHig, without sanctioning
 the guilt l Does he nut know that one can*
 not compromise with a robber either by shar
 ing his plunder, oi permitting him to cairy it
 u ff on payment of a ptice, without becoming
 accessory to the crime The almost-Presi
 dent also recommends “iqutual forbearance
 Bah Hypocrisy insufferable When the
 murderer lias the knife at the throat of his vic
 tim, the witness of the intended minder must
 say nothing—do nothing to prevent hit* l frJTn
 carrying oqt hl9 and thus obey Gen.
 Cass* f'hristian exhortation to "mutual for
 bearance.’* The incendiary is at the door of
 your neighbor’s house: I'tier nut a word,
 raise no alarm let him burn the house dow n'
 Remember! "mutual forbearance!" A thief
 is breaking into a neighboring store, with the
 intention of taking what ia not his own
 Keep quiet! let him alone "mutual forbear
 ance." A gang of pirates are about to seize
 upon a richly laden vessel, and to appropriate
 its treasures to themselves. On consideration
 of a ceitain reward, you are to hush the mat
 ter up; Pocket the consideration! Still
 "mutual forbearance Ur take the case in
 point. Between one and two hundred thou
 sand slaveholders are citizens of this Union.
 You know them to be slaveholders; you know
 that they claim to own them about
 three millions of human beings;/you say that
 slaveholding is wrong—wickejjf—a sin that
 the slave is injured and oppressed. An ex
 tensive territory has come tnp the possession
 of the Union. Y«u think/ that to permit
 slaveholders to go to this yew territory with
 their “properly" will do much to perpetuate
 slavery. By preventing /this result, you can
 do much to overthrow slavery. What is your
 duty f Is it not tu do justly—to let the op
 pressed go tree 1 Must you stop to inquire
 whether national greatness is at slake 1 Is it
 a matter of indifference with you whether
 your country becomes great by sanctioning
 and protecting wickedness 1 Is it not a max
 im with every honorable man that failure—
 ruin—death—is preferable te dishonor
 What is true of an individual is true also re
 specting a nation. "Mutual forbearance
 No’ This oily hypocritical talk about "mu
 tual forbeaiance," is neither more nor less nor
 else than so much doughface mist. The for
 bearance is all on one side. Let the North and
 the South go mio the new leintory on equal
 terms —as freemen who hate slavery for them
 selves, uud will have nothing to do within
 dieting it upon others, and then talk about
 "mutual forbearance.'’ Here is Gen. ’ass’s
 letter:
New York, Nov. 26, 1849.
 Gentlemen—l thank you for the honor
 you have conferred upon me, by the oiler of
 a public dinner, and while 1 decline the invi
 tation, which 1 Host you will exeuse me for
 doing, I cannot withhold the expression of
 my feelings tor such 4 testimonial of regard
 from the democracy of this great city. 1
 shall cheiish it with grateful recellection dur
 ing life.
 I thank you, also, for the favorable terms
 in which you have been pleased to allude to
 tuy position and services. These, lam very
 sensible, have few claims to consideration,
 hut such as aie derived from your kind par
 tiality. An emigrant to the West, in early
 youth, the better portion of my life has been
 spent in the great contest with nature, in
 which the forest lus given away, and arr
 empire has arisen, already among the most
 magnificent creations of human industry and
 enterprise. Placed m a geographical posi
 tion to exetcew; a powerful mfiuence upon the j
 duration ot tht* confederacy of republics, at-|
 tached lo the Union, and to the whole Union,
 and attached fu the principles of freedom, and
 to the constitution by which these are guar-1
 ded and secured, should ihe time ever come,!
 as 1 trust it will not—and come whence and
 why it may—when dissolution shall find ad
 vocates, and (he hand of violence shall at
 tempt to sever the bond that holds us to
 gether, the est will i,se up as one man, to
 stav a deed so fatal to the cause of liberty
 here and throughout the world—aye, and it,
 will be stayed. Success can never hallow
 the effort. It we are out struck by judicial
 Umdne**, we shall hold on to the constitu
 tion with a tenacity defying tune and accident,
 than king the God of our lathers and our
 own fiod for [•optical institution* uhicn have
 us a greater measure of national pros
 perity than rt has ever been the lot ofauy
 people before us to enjoy.
 We have bat one danger to fear. Aa to
 military power and the general corruption of
 tnanoera and morals—causes to which histo
 ry attributes the fall of many republics to
 ancient and modern days —l believe, if they
 are not tbe last, they are among the last, of
 the evils we have to apprehend. Our future
 would be all the patriot could deaue, if that
 future contained no other seeds of danger
 than these. Tbe prophetic sagacity of Wash
 ington foresaw and foretold the true danger
 which threatens us, the danger of serfiod&amp;l
 interests and passions arraying one portion of
 the Union against another. A spirit of com
 promise was necessary 10 create this confed
 eration and it is equally necessary to pre
 serve it m its integrity and efficiency. W hen
 questions come deeply afleebng the country,
 and dividing it by geographical lines, then
 comes the time of trial, which no true Ame
 rican can eon template without anxiety. It ia
 seldom that such issues can be presented
 when mutuul forbearance is sot dictated alike
 bf prudence mod by wisdom.
 If 00s-half of a great country ahaadonieg
 all other differences of opinion, is unanimous
 its sentiments upon any measure of inter
 nal policy, locally affecting itself, ns Cittieoa
 should meet from their countrymen of the
 Other section kindness, and not denunciation
 argument, and not Tecnmmatioo and a
 site to gpeoncile confecting opinions, ns
 —uiz:: -Tax nMut
 I thou rights or their poaiboo'caT*beT3l
an extensive eoaununity waboutUm existence
 of fotciMe oa—ideieuoae, wkiefieaJ! for eare
 fal eed for a wiee at «dl u a kind
 doc—on. In this sptritefcould mUona! qoo*-
 tioM bedieoaeeed, and if they ue so. they
 will hnag wtth them danger but will
 fumtah additions) motives for unios. and will
 ooatnbute powerfully to oar etiengih and
 pooperily.
 I am, gentlemen, with great respect.
 Your obedient servant.
 LEWIS CASS.
 The Cemsns.—Colored Pafalatoa.
 We find in a letter by a correspondent ot j
 the Tribune a statement that particular care
 will be taken, in the census about to be made,
 to ascertain the numbers, the length ot life,
 Ac., of the colored people in this country
 What practical put pose this measure i* intend
 ed to seme, we do not see. If it is to de
 termine what climate is suited to ceitsm con
 stitutions, w« conceive it to be a rather
 damay mode of making the inquiry. We
 art of opinion, however, that it is neithei
 mote nor less than another exhibition of
 American prejudice and hate against the
 colored man, which is ever on the outlook
 for some new scheme of insult, oppression,
 and injury. The proposal is made by Mr.
 Clingman, of North Carolina, and is in part
 as under. This extiact shows to what hope
 the enemies ot the colored man turn—no
 other than his ultimate extinction. Ameri
 cans have well nigh exterminated the Indian,
 and now they would exterminate the negro.
 Pray Heaven that the hope of the American
 negro-hater may be blasted. We almost
 wish that the colored people of this country
 aright never cease to be colored, (though We
 are of opinion that climate does much in a
 tew generations, to modify both the color
 and the constitution,) and that their
 •?.&amp;mies may thus be compelled i n spite ot
 their pride and prejudice, to acknowledge,
 that the black man is, not less than the white
 man, the image of God—the son of God—
 the equal child of an all beneficent Father.
 Mr. Clingman’a suggestion, it is said, will
 be carried out to some extent.
 “1 desire to call your attention to the im
 portance of obtaining fuller and more accurate
 information than has hitherto been elicited
 with reference to that portion of our popula
 tion which is a mixture between the pure
 white and the black iaces. 1 would there
 fore suggest to you the propriety of ascertain
 ing not only the number of all such persons,
 whether free or slaves, but of presenting fur
 ther inquiries. For example, let there be an
 inquiry as to the parents of such mulatto oi
 mixed-blooded persons. If they are ascer
 tained to be white and black, there would be
 no need of any further questions but should
 the patents, or either of them, be of mixed
 blood, then direct an inquiry as to the grand
 parents, and so on, until, if practicable in
 every case, the pedigree should be tracej to
 the individual .white and black races. I
 would also recommend that in all cases ol
 adult females of mixed blood, the number ol
 children, if any, bestated. By adopting this
 mode of examination, we shall not only as
 certain the number of persons of this descrip
 tion in the United States, but we would also
 be able to determine the length of their lives
 and their powers of reproduction, as compared
 with those of the puie races,”

 “We also determine whether, from
 their numbers, they constitute such a per
 centage of our population as to lead in any
 given period to the destruction of the less
 numerous or black race. We should like
 wise be able to decide whether the mixture
 thua produced would be a permanent addi
 tion of an inferior grade of our population, or
 ,whether it would be totally extinguished by
 running in some instances into one of theotigi
 nal types, so as to exhibit no traces of the
 other.”
 There is a hint at what is in the
 mind of Mr. Clingman. It is no less than
 this, that mulattos are a hybrid racs, and like
 other hybrid animals, die ont. What an aw
 ful accusation against slave-holders is involved
 in this supposition! Abolitionists never
 charged them with the commission of any
 such revolting and unnatural crime. The
 Mosaic law, says (and if we mistake not,
 U. Status law agrees therewith,) that when
 one commits this sin, “he shall suiely be put
 to death.” The conviction, upon very cir
 cumstantial evidence of not a few honorable
 men, would be a work of no great difficulty.
 Will the Census bear Mr. Clingman out hi
 his surmise l Jack Ketch may have business
 on hand, if it does. j. d.
Thirty-First Congress;
 We have, at present, only very imperfect
 telegraphic reports of the proceedings of Con
 gress. On the 3d, the Senate was called to
 order by Hon. M. Fillmore, Vice President.
 Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Sheer. The toll
 was called, and 37 members were found to be
 present. The Senate being organized, a
 motion was made that the House he notified
 of the fact, after which the Senate adjourned.
 House. —The Clerk called the roll, and 219
 members answered to their names.
The following are the ballots for Speaker:
 Ist ballot 2d bal. 3d bsl.
 Wmthrop, 9b 9b
 Cobb, 103 102 102
 Wilmot, 800
 Gentry, 0 b tt
 No Speaker was elected, and the House
 adjourned.
 Dec. 4th. —The balloting was resumed
 On the first ballot Cobb and Wmthrop receiv
 ed the same number of votes aa yesterday.
 Dec. 5 —-Still no Speaker elected. The
 last, or 10th ballot, resulted as follows
 Whigs. Drnoirut.
 Wmthrop, Maes., 97 Cobb, Ua., 99
 Gentry, Term 6 Wilmot, Pa., 9
 Mann, Mas*, 2 Richard sou, 111 3
 j Potter, Ohio, 4
 Cleveland, Coon., 1
 Stanton, Tenn., 1
 Durkee, Wis., 1
Tea Faikeo or Youth. —We have receiv
 ed the first number of this periodica). It is a
 very neatly printed quarto of eight pages,
 edited by Msacaarr L. Bailky, of Wash
 ington The Editor announces her object to
 be, to make the paper an attractive companion
 of youth. “It shall also be our care to inter*
 esl them m sll great subjects connected with
 the well-being of mankind.” The well known
 reputation of the writer, and of thoae associ
 ated with her, ie this enteipitae, is a sufficient
 guarantee that the object will be well earned
 out The first nember i* interesting, aed
 welt adapted to the capacities of these for
 whom it is designed.
 Amti-SlaVksy Mass Convurrio*.— W«
 have just apace to state that the Aoti-Slavery
 Standard has issued a CaU for a Mass Con
 veeuoe of Abolitionists of the State of N'tw
 York, to he held Syieeeee, on Tuesday,
 the mk day of Jtunny, 1960. Particelars
 next week.
14tk Aanaal Report ot Ike Rh ode |»hu,.|
 Ani*si«Terr Society.
 •f ther* i» ov»« thing more than another to
 he learned from the anti-slavery movement,
 u that Reform* are not consummated
 speedily ae first anticipated. Attheorgani
 tation of this Society, it was confidently h*
 ped that as tenth Annual Report would an
 nounce the end of American Chattel Slavery
 rhis is ix* fourteenth, and yet this horrible,
 hrutaiiring system, without the siigbn *s»l mit
 igation of any one of its ten thousand features,
 costs Its blighting presence extends over
 as large an extent of country, as fourteen
 yeais ago. The human flesh trade. ptraucal
 though it is, has been as actively driven and
 extensively this year, as »n any former one
 Its contempt lor Constitutional law and civil
 rights increases tu audacity. Still the public
 sentiment ot the North ia essentially pro-sla
 Terv For proof ot this, we have only to see
 its late endorsement ot an atrocious and
 bloody war, begun sod waged for the sole
 purpose of extending and perpetuating sla
 very. bv elevating to the Presidency one ot
 the chief agents ot this war and a notorious
 slaveholder. Our own state, to our shame be
 it said, gave its suppoit to this same blood
 stained tyrant, helped to elevate him in the
 sight of nations as the tepresentative of our
 humanity and our republicanism.
 Yet some, nay, great progress has beer
 mad*. The public mind Wmore sensitive yo
 this subject, than ever before Thesiler.ee
 of many pulpits has been partully broken
 Many heretofore muzzled presses have dated
 occasionally to ulier a free word Now and
 then a public man ventures to intimate pteuy
 plainly that slavery is not so sure and firm a
 “corner stone” tor the Republic, as has
 been supposed Recently v\e have seen a
 very promising political party isserUDg as
 one uf its foundation ptmaples, a burning
 hatteJ to negro slavery, Black laws, have
 been repealed, negtu pews and cats, to some
 extent demolished. The lugitive is welcom
 ed and protected. in Maryland the voice of
 freedom has of late been heard, in Kentucky
 10,000 men at the ballot box, have declared
 for emancipation. In Missouri a voice is
 heard, which, although almost “solitary and
 alone,” is the forerunner of a brighter and
 belter time, for never has that voice been
 earnestly raised but that all the inhabitants of
 the laud have heen made to heat and under
 stand.
 Again, our cause has been a pi oneer move
 ment. Before the abolition uf chattel sla
 very could be effected, a host of other re
 forms needed to be set on foot, its business
 has been to. diffuse light. The people need
 ed to lie educated concerning their duties and
 relations as human beings, before action could
 be induced either on then own or other's be
 half. Hence our success is to be estimated
 by the ptesent condition of the public mind
 immediately around ua.
 Death has been among os and taken from
 our companionship an earnest and unwearied
 fellow laborer, Mrs. Maty Hathaway. For
 years Mrs. H. has been a member of the Ex
 ecnttve'Cominiltee, and has ever proved her
 selt an unwavering friend of keedom. Hex
 unc unpromising fidelity and earnest deeds
 have now, tor her a place among those ‘wAe
 lave their fellow men.' Her post is vacant,
 who will volunteer to fill it T To her family
 we can only say, we mourn with and for you.
 To our sisters of the Ladies Society, of w Inch
 the deceased was an efficient member, Your
 burden is increased; redouble your diligence:
 stand to your post, so that when you go the
 way of all the earth, of each it can be truly
 said, “«SAc hath done what she could. To
 the surviving member of the Executive Gooi
 mittee “Work while the day lasts.”
 Our Society during the past year has been
 employed about as in former yeais. Fairs in
 Pawtucket and Providence, have been held
 with the usual success. Also ateaparty, and
 public meetings by W. W. Brown, C. C
 Butleigh and the Crafts, have been held in
 the citv. The Office has been sustained,
 and the usual number of publications circu
 lated therefrom. We owe especial thanks lo
 the anti-slavery women, who, by mean* of
 these fairs, have so generously assisted us.
 Thus toil and self denial, shall be as far as
 possible, appreciated by us and held in grate
 ful remembrance. To them we say “Go on,
 go on, go on Wear* still needy and must
 have your help.
 A greater number of fugitives have coma
 among us the piesent than during any farmer
 year. At one time a company of eight per
 sons—five of them children at another thei*
 weie six persons." Some time before the ar
 rival of tins last company, a man, a fugitive,
 came and labored until he had saved a small
 sum of money, then teiuined to hi* family
 who were yet in siaveiy. On reaching their
 quarters he found that two of his children had
 died during his absence. Still he was not to
 be prevented from bringing his full number
 So he pers jaded three other persons, slaves,
 to come with him. They all arrived in tali*
 ly. Since last spring, this man, besides sup
 porting his family, has saved sod deposited
 m the Saving’s Bank, £5O Another fugi
 live in the same time has deposited sd9.
 Another over and above supporting his laon
 ly, lias saved two hundred dollars within
 years. While the slaveholders are becoming
 bankiupt, their self-emsncipsted slave*
 growing rich. We see who they are who
 “can’t take caie of ihemaelvfß.” AH the
 fugitives among us ate doing well.
 there it room
 By a vole of the Executive Committee,
 the following subject* are referred to the An
 nua! Meeting, viz Raising funds —Continu-
 ance of the Anu-Slavety Office
 Unless funds are received, all o|&gt;ei attune
 must c*a»e. What anti-slavery man is willuif
 to lake the responsibility of saying «h* l
 W# are certain no Aim-Slavery woman wtu-
 For the want of a few paltry dollars, n, l
 that ugn “Anti-Slavery Office,” which h*»
 been literally a “star in the East” to man) a
 panting fugitive, cheering him with th*
 promise of sympathy, and telling anxious
 aoui that beneath it, be will find a borne,
 telling him that within, there are aim heaite
 and ready hands to feel f&gt;&gt;i, encourage, sus
 tain and protect him. be taken down lr
 cannot be *o 1 il ever a depot of Anti-SD*«-
 ry intelligence was needed, it ia now If ertt
 a rallying place (or Anti-Slavery woikem was
 needed, it ia tba present time. What place
 can batter be such than ihe old ~A ah-&amp;eee
 r t C fjjut Surely ibis question of funds,
 should be the last to engree* oei au*r»uen.
 Surely it does no* become ua to «MR»
 time thus, or permit our dhta la
