FREDERICK. WHIQUBS. Edit*.
VOL. 11. NO. 52.
lhe NOT.rK ST IR it published every
 Frld-ii. at So. 25, Buffalo Street,
 (Upp.iitt I*l Arsmdt.)
 TERMS
 Iw* do'tart per Mmu.n, mlw*y* irftitti. Mo
 ,abteripcioa w.n bo r p||ot i for t Wu tom tkma
 an lontfta. _ J
 A Jvertiaamenu oot txowdinf ion bass iassrtsa
 ;;,ree timas oot dollar; overt wbaaqaaat later*
 s.xa, twtntyioe ceai*.
Tue object of the Nostm Star will be to attack
 SLAVERY in all ita forme pad aapaita; advocate
 I'ytvt h*aL FMAitciPaTf&lt;»?», eaalt tiit standard
 pjbiiC morality, pcorao&lt;« the moral and iatellec*
 iapro*e3ieit of the Coloukd Peortt; aad
 ,»ie.i the dav of FREEDOM to die Tunic
 of our e iture l teilowr coowrymen.
prBUCHER’S NOTICES __
 An comiotmicatione relating to the Ivomm
 of tit p.tpei, otmet of tuotcribert, remit
 .".cci, ic thou a ue addressed to Joh* Dice,
 Piihiuhet.
 t&gt;j* Agtnta, an a"t othara ssadiag aamee jup»
 -t: Jtittd to be ao-urate, and to five toe
 Ca*&gt;uy. au&lt;i th« Stare. Each Subicnber la laa*
 credited fur mooev rrotived
 (Lj* Any person tending la pavmant for four tab*
 senders, to ba f awarded to one address, may
 .-•ive fiftn copy for o t year.
 All letiert aad cumman:o*tinoi mutt ba poat
 paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Ma 11 achtr t tt» .—R. F. Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 S&gt;«:on; Null mo J &gt;b.uoo, New Bedford; Horatio
 Foster, Lowe l; N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bw-ae Spuoatr, Plymouth; Davidßugg&gt;es,North*
 tJiptoa.
 Co it c ctic t?T. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 Nrw YorC.—Sydney H. day, 142, Nassau
 ijtrrst; Jams* M’Cune Smith, 92, Weal Broad
 .av; J seph Poat, Weatbury, Queen County; Ma
 ria per, AitMuy, Eiiaa Doty, Macednn; Wil
 ;jets Keeae, Peru, Clinton County: J. F. Pktt,
 ?en Fan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L- Platt, Bath.
 Rhods Islai»o.—Amarmicy Paine,Providenoe.
 Ft.v ■iSVLVARiA. —J. M. M’Kim, SI, Nortli
 fifth Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Geinea, 8, K»-
 tnage Place, Ditto; B. Down, Pitwhurgh; Wm.
 Shipper, '’ulouib a; Milo A. Townaead, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Niclnlun, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 brooke, Salem
 &gt;l l chtoaß.—-Robert Banka, Detroit.
0 elections.
THE FREE SCHOOL LAW IN NEW
 YORK.
 From the New York Tribune
 Secrktarv’s Office, 3
 Ltapiu tment Com Schools, Albany, Nov. SO
 The Superintendent of Common
 Schools tenders his most cordial con
 gratulations to the people of the State,
 on the recent adoption of the “Act for
 the establishment of Free Schools
 throughout the State,” by a majority so
 strongly -indicative of the popular ap
 preciation of the great interests involv
 ed in the issue submitted. The whole,
 number of votes cast for the new law is;
 219,782, and the whole number against
 it 91,951, showing a majority of 157,-
 921. The unequivocal sanction thus
 tnbr***a* Ui.. mkwlyH or xHa Univer
 sal and Free Education of the youth of
 the State, affords additional grounds of
 reliance upon the efficacy of our repub
 lican institutions, to accomplish the im
 portant objects for which they were de
 signed, aud demonstrates the entire
 confidence which may at all times safe
 ly be reposed in the intelligence and
 virtue cl an enlightened community.—
 The conviction is fully entertained by
 the Superintendent, that by lnr the
 larger portion even of those who felt
 constrained to oppose the act in ques
 tion, were actuated not by hostility to
 the principle of Free Schools, but by
 considerations drawn from objections,
 whether well or ill founded, to the par
 ticular details of the bill upon which;
 they were specifically called to act.— i
 These objections, it is confidently hoped
 and expected, may be obviated either
 by a more full explanation and under
 standing of the provisions referred to,
 or by future legislative action; and the
 united efforts of the people, thereby
 enabled to be put forth to sustain and
 carry into successful operation, the new
 and interesting feature thus engrafted
 upon our system of public instruction.
 To this end the Superintendent earnest
 ly invokes the efficient co-operation of
 every friend of Education, in its highest
 a.id best sense, and of every citizen
 who has at heart the welfare and pros
 perity of our social, civil and religious
 institutions, in the important task of or
 ganizing and perfecting the details of
 that system which has been so emphat
 ically decreed by the popular will.
 The following brief exposition of the
 leading feature of the new act, is res
 pectfully submitted to the consideration
 of the inhabitants and officers of the
 •tveral school districts throughout the
 Siate, m the hope that it may aid in the
 adoption of the requisite measures for
 its practical administration.
 The several provisions of the act,
 u»«te effect immediately on the official
 promulgation of the result of the vote
 lor ana against the act, by the State
 Canvassers.
 1. By the first section of the act,
 Common Schools in the several districts
 of this State, are declared to be free tp
 all persons residing in the district, over
 five and under twenty-one years of age.
 Non-residents of a district, ©ay be ad
 rn.ued into the school with the appro
 bation in writing oft i Trustees, or of
 a majority of them. This approbation
 should, however, be granted only to
 special cases, as each district will be
 required to make provision for the suit
 able education and instruction of ell
 the children within its limits, and this
 burden should not he unnecessarily
 augmented by receiving children from
 other districts into the school. Nor
 should the teacher who has been em
 ployed to instruct the children of a par
 ticular district, for a given compenaa-
 Uon, be required to instruct un addi-j
 tton a I number for whom provision has
 already been made in the district where
 they belong. Persons corniug into the
 net, with the view of s temporary
 "■•tdesco therein, for othtr purposes
 than merely to attend the school— as
 Jur instance, those hired by the mbabi-
 Uau district to wstk, J©4 toying
THE NORTH STAR.
the privilege of attending school, whiU
 so employed—are to ba regarded as, ii
 all respects, members of the fcmilj
 where they are hired, and as such, en
 titled to all the privileges of the school
 Mara boarders in tba district, for th«
 purpose of attending in the schools, d&lt;
 oot come within this class.
 2. The several Boards of Supervisors,
 at thsir annual meetings, are required,
 by the second section of the act,
 caused to be levied and collected fron
 their respective counties, in the sam&lt;
 manner ns county taxes, a sum equa
 to ths amount of State School cnoneyi
 apportioned to such counties, and to ap
 portion the same among the towns and
 cities in the same manner as the moneyi
 received from the State are apportion
 ed.'* They are also required to “cause
 to ba levied and collected from each oi
 the towns in their respective counties,
 in the same manner is other tewn taxes,
 a sum equal to the amount of State
 School moneys apportioned to said
 towns respectively." A circular hai
 been prepared by the department to be
 forwarded to the clerks of the several
 boards of Supervisors, whose annual
 meetings have not yet passed over,
 specifying the amounts thus required tc
 be raised in their respective counties.
 Where the annual meetings have al
 ready been held, the requisite addition
 al amount can be raised only by a loan
 to be authorized at a special meeting ol
 the board, if deemed advisable, to be
 addsd to ths amount to be levied on the
 county at tho next angipal meeting.
 3. The Trustees of the several school
 districts are required, by the third sec
 tion of the set as amendsd, within thirty
 and not Isas than fifteen day* preceding
 the time for holding the annual meeting
 of the district, or of a special meeting
 to be called by them, if they deem it
 necessary, to "prepare an estimate oi
 the amount of money necessary to be
 raised in the district for the ensuing
 year, for the payment of the debts and
 expense* to be incurred by 9aid district'
 for fuel, furniture, school apparatus,
 repairs and insurance of school house,
 contingent expenses, and teachers wa
 ges, exclusive of the public money, and
 the money required by law to be raised
 by the counties and towns, and the in
 come of local funds; and shall cause
 printed or written notices thereof to be
 posted for two weeks previous to said
 meeting, upon the school bouse door,
 and in three or more of the most public
 places in said district."
 Under this provision, where the an
 nual meeting in any district has either
 already been held, or stands adjourned to
 a time rendering it impossible to prepare
 the estimates, and give the notices requir
 ed. nT J\ir' f fa hehtifl fovt
 day of January next, it is recommended
 to the Trustees immediately to call a
 special meeting for the purpose of act
 ing upon the estimates thus to be sub
 mitted by them, giving at least fifteen
 days' notice of such meeting, in the
 mode now provided by law, and to pre
 pare and post the estimates for the sup
 port of Schools for the ensuing year.
 The estimates should be explicit, full
 and particular; and should be for at
 least two terms of four months each.
 The estimates for fuel, furniture, school
 apparatus, repairs, insurance, contin
 gent expenses, and teacher's wages,
 after applying thejpublic money .should,
 of course, be separate; and where prac
 ticable, the particular items under each
 head of expenditure should be specified;
 as for instance, the number of cords oi
 wood of a given length, green or dry,
 the price per cord, the expense of pre
 paring it lor the stove or fire-place, the
 various articles of furniture and appa
 ratus needed, the amount requisite for
 insurance, and the amount per month
 proposed to be paid to the teacher of
 the Winter and Summer term. The
 estimate for repairs and contingent ex
 penses, cannot, of course, be particu
 larly specified.
 Care should be taken to make accu
 rate copies of these estimates, and to
 post them for two full weeks previous to
 the meeting, on the school house door,
 and in at least three of the most public
 places in the district. The title may be
 simply "Estimates of the amount of
 money necessary to be raised in Dis
 trict No. of the town of
 for the support of Schools for the ensu
 ing year," and the official signature o(
 tba Trustees should bt appended at the
 bottom. Tba notice for the special
 meeting (which must be in writing, and
 personally served upon ths legal voters
 of the District, in the seme manner as
 all other notice* for special meetings,)
 should state specifically that the object
 of the meetiog ia to pass upon the esti
 mate made by the Trustees for the sup
 port of the School* of the District for
 tbs ensuing year.
 4. At the time specified for the meet
 ing, the Trustee* should be io atten
 dance, for the purpose of submitting
 end explaining the estimates made by
 them, which must then be passed upon,
 item by item, by the legal voters pres
 ent, and adopted or rejected, wholly or
 in pnrt. Where there is any conside
 rable diversity of opinion in the District,
 to reference to the whole or any por
 tion of tho estimates, the vote should be
 by ayes and nays.
 The qualifications of voters at such
 rtiog, are particularly prescribed in
 third section of the eet. They must
 he of full age, residents of the District,
 sod, if aliens, entitled to bold lends in
 this State, by having filed in the Secre
 tary's Office, a certificate of their in
 tention lo become citizen*. They must,
 in addition to this, either Ist, ow%or
 lease real property In the District, sub
 ject to taxation for eehool purposes,
 (whethsr the tax in p*id by themselves
 or others, is of no consequence;) or,
 2d, have paid a district tax within two
 years preceding; or, fid, own personal
 proparty habit to MwHop foe school
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1849.
purposes io the District, exceeding $5O
 in value, exclusive of such as is exempt
 from execution. Either of these these
 qualifications, in addition to that of full
 age and residence in the District, and,
 in ths esse of aliens, of being entitled
 as above specified, to bold lands in tb«
 State, is sufficient to constitute a legal
 voter, at any school district meeting, sod
 on any subject tbai may be brought
 before such meeting, except in the sin
 gle case provided for in 71, No. 20,
 of he General School Law.
 Each item of tho estimates presented
 by the rTustec9, must be voted upon
 separately, and so much of the estimate
 as shall be approved by a majority ol
 voters present, is to be levied and raised
 b 7 a district tax, in the same manner
 as other district taxes are bow by law
 levied and collected. Theestimatea ot
 the Trustees may, of course, be in
 creased, diminished or varied, as a ma
 jority of the legal voters present shall
 determine.
 5. If the Trustees neglect to prepare
 the estimate within the time limited by
 the act, or to post the required notices,
 the inhabitants are authorized by the
 fifth section, to aajourn to such other
 time as will be sufficient to prepare
 auch estimate and give such notices.—
 Such adjournment should, in no case,
 exceed one month.
 0. Where the voters of any district
 refuse or npglect to authorize the rais
 ing of a sum which, in conjunction with
 the public money, and the money rais
 ed on the county and town, will support
 a school for at least four months,
 during the year preceding the next an
 nual meeting of the district, keep the
 school house in proper repair, and fur
 nish the necessary fuel; the sixth sec
 tion makes it the duty of the Trustees
 to repair the school house, purchase
 the necessary fuel, and employ a teach
 er for four months, and to levy the ex
 pense, of their own authority, upon the
 taxable property of the district. In this
 event, the tc hole, amount of the public
 money, applicable to the payment of
 teacher’s wages, must first be applied
 to that object, arid the balance only,
 including the expenses of providing fuel
 and making necessary repairs, assessed
 upon the taxable property of the dis
 trict. No authority exists, and no
 means are provided for sustaining the
 school for any longer period than four
 months, under such circumstances; and
 the Superintendent, therefore, earnest
 ly trusts that no district will fail to vote
 the requisite amount for keeping up the
 school for at least eight months, thereby
 securing a fair and equitable distribu
 tion of the public moiiy, between the
 Winter and Summer term, and enabling
 advantages of
 the other.
 7. In making their estimates for the
 support of their schools for the ensuing
 year, the trustees may and should in
 clude the present tcinter term, although
 commenced before the act took effect as
 a law. The teacher’s wages do not
 become due from the district or the
 trustees, until the expiration of the term:
 and in all cases where the term expires
 subsequently to the official promulgation
 of the act, such wages must be provided
 for under the new law, and no rate bill
 can be made out or collected for any
 pontion of such wages.
 8. Text books for the use of Schools
 cannot be included in the estimates of
 Trustees, or the vote of the inhabitants,
 as a portion of the school apparatus.
 In the copy of the set originally prepar
 ed for the District School Journal,these
 words were, through mistake, inserted
 as a part of the act; they are not, how
 ever, in the original act, and text books,
 as heretofore, must be provided by pa
 rents.
 0. District collectors are required,
 in all cases, before entering upon the
 duties of their respective offices, to
 “give security to the satisfaction of t|ie
 trustees, for th£ faithful discharge .of
 their duties," and to pay over alt mon
 eys collected by them to the trustees of
 their respective districts.
 Upon receiving their warrants, they
 are for two successive weeks thereafter
 to receive such sum* as may voluntarily
 be paid to them, with the addition of
 one per cent, as their fees. After the
 expiration of that time, they are to pro
 ceed forthwith to collect the balance
 remaining due. with five per cent, for
 their fees; and in case a levy upon and
 sale of property becomes necessary,
 they are entitled to traveling fees, at
 tbs rate of six cents per mile, to be com
 puted from the eehool houses of their
 respective districts.
 10. In each of the Common, Public,
 Ward and District Schools in the re
 spective cities of the State, now incor
 porated or hereafter to be incorporated,
 including the Schools of tike Public
 School Society in thw City of New
 York, free and gratuitous education is
 required to be given to each pupil, ac
 cording to any laws to that effect now
 in force in auch cities; and where pro
 vision is not already made for auch free
 and gratuitous education, laws and or
 dinances are required without delay, to
 be passed, "providing for and securing
 and ewrtaining the system in each of
 their Cwamon, Public, Ward or Dia»
 trict Schoola.”
 11. By the 6th section of the act,
 "All laws and parts of laws inconsistent
 with the provisions of this act, other
 than those relating to Tree Schools in
 any cities in this State, are hereby re
 peated." m
 12. Any Trustee or «»#r School
 officer, wnoaball nee eitf money in hie
 hands belonging tc
 any other purpo** than the lawiffirerta,
 and^oTcon vttt’wa, •chferted t^aSw
ceeding six months, or to both auch fine
 and imprisonment.
 CHRISTOPHER MORGAN,
 Superintendent of Common Schools.
Fran tba Fleam* Bast.
 SLATEKY IS A YfOLATfON OF
 RIGHTS.
 How selfish, how inhuman, how ut
 terly destitute of mercy and right prin
 ciples must be that individual, commu
 nity, or nation, that can admit the right
 of inan to claim property in the flesh
 ind blood, and sinews and booes of his
 fellow man, or to exact the fruits of hit
 labors without returning ample compen
 sation! Whv gave our fathers the
 right to visit a distant land, capture
 and enslave their equal brothers, sell
 them in the shambles like brutrs, or
 chain them down to a life ef toil, aod
 five sumptuously on the productions ol
 their unrequited labors? Who gave
 the people of this generation the right
 to bold in bondage the children of those
 whom their fathers stole? Who gave
 the government of t;.is nation the right
 and power to sanction laws in favor of
 such diabolical doings, to let the na
 tion’s jails for slave pens, and permit
 government officers to become blood
 hounds, to hunt down such as dare es
 cape from outrageous wrongs? Who
 gave the right? Can any answer?—
 Think ye who lend your influence to
 support the government of this nation—
 who gave you the right to aid in such
 giganfic wrongs? If you cannot an
 swer these questions to the satisfaction
 of your own consciences, if you cannot
 produce permits from the God of na
 ture, sanctions from the throne of eter
 nal right, thus to bind, rob and sell your
 weaker brothers, ye are verily guilty j
 of their blood. I can hardly restrain:
 expressions of deep, soul-stirring ab
 horrence when I reflect that in this na
 tion of high professions and loud boast
 ings of all that is holy, the right of man
 oppress his fellow-man is for a moment
 admitted. Slavery is a horrid stain on
 the national character; her jails are the
 shambles where human flesh-mongers
 sell their Christian brothers and sisters
 to the highest bidder! her churches are
 brothels, where priests and laymen glut
 their lusts on their helpless victims, and
 still hold their standing as pious, hum
 ble, pure-hearted Christians; and all,
 in every section of the nation who lend
 their influence to support a government
 that permits slavery, are guilty of aid
 ing in all manner of abominable sins
 that ever disgraced the eartb. I know
 this is severe, but I know equally well
 that it is not severer than the truth. I
 verily believe that if ail who read this
 paper could see the monatrous^njustice
 torn limb from limb before they*woife
 move a finger to support a goverement
 that not only permits, but even sanc
 tions and protects it—they would be
 torn in pieces with red hot pincers be-;
 fore they would hold a standing in any
 church whose members are permitted;
 to participate in such heinous wrong.
 Read the foltowiug from the Pennsylva
 nia Freeman:
 Liberty or Death. —The St. Louis
 Union of August 20th, tells the story of
 a slave, a young colored woman, who
 was discovered concealed on board one
 of the steamboats from St. Louis to
 Cincinnati. The inhuman captain,
 supposing her to be a fugitive slave,
 secured and confined her, until leaving
 Cincinnati on his backward trip, in
 tending to return her to her masier.—
 Learning that she was to be taken back,
 while passing down the Ohio, she broke
 from her confinement, and was drown
 ed. While she was struggling in the
 water, the boat was stopped, and great
 exertions were made to rescue her, but
 she sunk and was lost. “Whether she
 was a slave, or free,” saya the Union,
 “what led to the commission ot the fa-;
 tal act, and who she waa, or where she!
 belonged, remains a secret.”
COMPROMISES OF THE FEDERAL
 CONSTITUTION.
We copy the following extract from
 a portion of the late John Q. Adams’
 Diary, under date of March 3d, 1620,
 about the time of the Missouri Com
 promise, so called. It has been drawn
 before the public, chiefly on account of
 a fact recorded in it, but denied by
 John C. CaiboM, to the effect that in
 1820, when Mr C. and Mr. Adams
 were io President Monroe's Cabinet,
 Mr. C. ga»« written opinion, that
 Congress had power to interdict sla
 very in the Territories. The discus
 sions of that period were quite exciting
 in Congress, and the Cabinet itself had
 to manage prudently in order to keep
 calm. Mr Adams had occasion to
 converse somewhat freely with the oth
 er member* of the he
 seems to h*re thought much on the
 subject of slavery and the compromi
 ses of the Constitution ip its favor.—
 H« appears to have made a copious en
 try in his Piety relating to what wes
 said and done, end of hit own reflec
 tion* Read the following teerinfonr
 from that departed statesman, and then
 aay whether William Lloyd Gam tea
 and his coadjutor, of ft»A»ertcaaAe
 »»-Slavery Society are mmple-headed
 fanatics for denouncing this Federal
 Constitution as cotenwt wah earth
 aod an agreement with b*U," whidMlU
 true abolitionista ehould ehhor as they
 shemfd slavery itaelf.",
 “The impression producedu p«n my
 mind by the progress of this Jjscuseioa
 in, that the barge* betweeTfreedom
 *nd alavcry.mmamedie
 tMte of the United Stale*, m morally
 SS ti^riwtedTSS
 our
 ud oppfMto bf **.‘*UB
the tyranny of the master; aod grc«|
 ly unequal and impolitic, by adnuttdQ
 that slaves are at once enemies to b&lt;
 kept in subjection, property to be se
 cured or restored to their owners, ant
 parsons not to be represented them
 selves, but for whore their masters an
 privileged with nearly a double than
 of representation. The consequence
 has been that this slave represents!tor
 has governed the Union. Benjamin,
 portioned above his brethren, hes ra
 vened ax a wolf; in the morning he baj
 devoured the prey, and at night he hat
 divided the spoil. It would be no diffi
 cult matter to prove, by reviewing the
 history of the Union under this Con
 stitution, that almost everything which
 has contributed to the honor and wel
 fare of the nation, hes been accom
 plished in despite of them, or forced
 upon them, and that everything unpro
 pitious and*dishonorable, including the
 blunders aud tollies of their adversa
 ries, may be traced to them.—Practi
 cal Christian.
RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
 The Committee of the House of
 Representatives to which was referred
 so much of the Governor’s Message as
 relates to slavery, presented to the
 House, on Thursday last, the following
 spirited aud well-written report:—
 Whether we refer to the official ac
 tion of the representatives of the peo
 i pie of Wrmont in General Assembly,
 from the Declaration of Rights in 1777
 down to the iast session of the Legis-
 I lature, or to the declarations of the
 people themselves in their primary as
 sembhes, we find that Vermont has but
 one voice to utter and but one course
 to pursue in reference to slavery.
 Her voice has beeo, and is, and ev
 er ought to be, in utter condemnation
 of the system—her course one of de
 termined and persevering opposition to
 it, by all allowable means. Such is the
 position of Vermont. The reasons for
 that position are ample; but your Com
 mitted deem it unnecessary to repeat
 arguments which are already ‘familiar
 as household words.’
 Your Committee therefore recom
 mend the adoption of the following res
 olutions:—
 Resolved, That slavery is a crime
 against humanity, and a sore evil in the
 body politic, that was excused by the
 framers ot the Federal Constitution as
 a crime entailed upon the country by
 their predecessors, and tolerated sole
 ly as a tning of inexorable necessity.
 Resolved, That the so called ‘Com
 promises of the Constitution’ restrain
 ed the Federal Government from inter
 ference with slavery only in the States
 in whifihoLthen fwp in
 WlWMgta'tWrtfTßtf gttvelfogr dHfrfor
 a limited time, which has long since
 expired: and that .the powers conferred
 upon Congress by the Constitution to
 suppress the* slave trade, to regulate
 commerce between the States, to gov
 ern Territories and to admit new States
 —powers conferred with the express
 intention to form a more perfect Union,
 establish justice, ensure domestic tran
 quillity, provide for the common dlfl
 fence, promote the general welfare,
 and secure the blessings of liberty to
 ourselves and our posterity, may all be
 rightfully used, and ought to be used,
 so as to prevent the extension of sla
 very into .territory now free, and to
 abolish slavery and »the slave trade
 wherever either exists under the juris
 diction of Congress.
 Resolved, That our Senators and
 Representatives in Congress be re
 quested to resist, by all and every con
 stitutional extension of sla
 very in any manner, whether by an
 nexation to slaveholding Texas of ter
 ritory now free, or by admission to the
 Union of territory already acquired, or
 which may be hereafter acquired, with
 out express prohibition of slavery, ei
 ther in the Constitution of each new
 State asking admission, or in the act of
 Congress providing for such admission.
 Resolved, further, That our Sena
 tors and Representatives in Congress
 be requested to support every just and
 prudent measure for the exclusion of
 slavery from the District of Columbia
 for the entire supglpeion of the slave
 trade on the high eeef, and wherever
 else Congress has jurisdiction—and
 generally to relieve the Federal Gov
 ernment from all responsibility for the
 existence, maintenance, or tolerance of
 iiaviry, or the traffic in slaves.
 Resolved, further, Thet our Sena
 tors in Congress be instructed, and our
 Representatives requested, to us* their
 I exertions for thejspeedy organization of
 Territorial Government for New Mexi
 i co aod California, with e provision for
 ever excluding involuntary servitude,
 i except fur crime therefrom.
 The above resolution* hare passed
 both branches of tho Legislature
 Vermont Whig.
 SOUTH CAROLINA TO Txl RM»
 CUR.
 A meeting ot belli breaches of too
 Legislature of the Palmetto Stete
 bold in the Representative's HeU
 Columbia on the 3d. met. in seep end m
 the recent moment Miseowippi reeolu
 tionstogAfter the was orgeoH
 zed ME C»raw madOß abort hut pat
 riotic speech, end introduced the foL
 HHhotvod, that in the late move
 meats in the State of peeiaeippt iade
 r.oe. of
 involved"
 twm -d our eecmd honor."
 fera Convention to boTjlsld at Nash-
should he cd&amp;lially embraced by ths
 whole South; that by common councils
 we may avert the common calamities
 impending over us, through the action
 of the General Government, driven by
 the lust of power and the foU spirit ol
 fanaticism.
 Resolved. That, for the purpose ol
 carrying out the recommendations ol
 the people of Mississippi, it is expe
 dient that, in Legislative caucus, we
 should nominate four delegates to rep
 fJßSscnt the State at large in the Con
 tention proposed to be held at Nash
 ville.
 Resolved, That still further to carry
 out the recommendations of the people
 of Mississippi, we respectfully recom
 mend to the'people of ibis State to meet
 together on the first Monday of April
 next, in the various Purishes and Dis
 tricts of the State, to nominate as many
 delegates as they have fnembers of the
 Legislature, to meet on the frrtt Mon
 day of Maj succeeding, at some cen
 tral and convenient point in their re
 spective Congressional Districts—then
 and there to nominate two delegates to
 represent eacii Congressional District
 in the State in the proposed Conven
 tion.
 Resolved, That entertaining a sin
 cere desire to co-operate with our sis
 ter States of the South in any move
 ment which they may deem proper for
 the common good, and having entire
 confidence in the wisdom, integrity and
 firmness of the Southern peop e, when
 assembled in said Convention, we ven
 ture in anticipation to pledge the peo
 ple of the State of South Carolina to a
 faithful and unflinching suppo?! of any
 measure said Convention mav recom
 mend as expedient or necessary for the
 maintenance of the rights, interests
 and honor of the South, at every haz
 ard, and to the very iast extremity.
 A short debate, says the Carolinian,
 arose or. the framing of the resolutions
 and the distant day on which the pro
 posed Convention was to meet, which
 was participated in by Mr. Huger, Mr.
 Keitt, and Mr. Cunningham, when Mr.
 Memininger, on tlie ground that a
 large proportion of the gentlemen
 present had never heard of the resolu
 tions until that evening, moved that
 they be printed, and hnnded over to
 the Committee on Federal-Relaiions,
 and that they submit a report at an ad
 journed meeting, which was agreed to,
 and the meeting adjourned.
 PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
 The following Ordinance was adop
 ted by the Constitutional Convention
 on the 11th of Oct. on motion of Dr
 Gwin:
 _ Omu^ancx.—Be it ordaqpd by Ifcft
 f &lt;NT»VWfITWJn wsaeffwfwi to ilimtOOii l
 stitution for the people of the State of
 California, on behalf and by the au
 thority of the People of said State,
 that the following propositions be sub
 mitted to the Congress of the United
 States, which, if assented to by that
 body, shall be obligatory upon this
 State.
 Ist. One section of land for every
 township of Public Lands, and
 when such section has been sold or
 otherwise disposed or, other lands!
 equivalent thereto, and as contiguous!
 as may be, shall be granted to the Stale j
 for the use of Snhoofe.
 2. Seventy-two sections of the uti-,
 appropriated lands within this State;
 shall be set apart and reserved for the j
 use and support of a University, which, 1
 together with such further quantities;
 as may be agreed upon by Congress, 1
 shall be conveyed to the State, and ap
 propriated solely to the use and sup
 port of such University, in such tnau-i
 ner as th*Legudature may prescribe.
 3. Four such sections of land, io
 be selected under the direction of the
 Legislature from any of the unappro
 priated public lands belonging to tne
 United States, within this State, shall
 be granted to this State for its use in
 establishing a Seat of Government, or
 to defray the expenses of public build
 ings at the same.
 4. Five hundred thousand Seres of
 the unappropriated public iandsTn this!
 State, belonging to the United States, j
 in addition to the 500,000 acres grant
 ed to the new States under an act ol
 Congress distributing the proceeds ol
 the public laofls aiMSg the several
 States of the Union, Approved A D
 1841, shall be designated, under the
 direction of the Legislature, and
 ed to the State for tne purpose of de
 fraying the expenses of the State Gov
 ernment and for otner State purposes.
 And five per ceni. of the net proceed*
 of the sale of all lands lying within the
 State wbtcffshall be sold under the au
 thority of the United States, after de
 dusting all the expense* incident to the
 asms, shall also be appropriated for
 tbs saeouragement of learning.
 fiu All salt springs witS thiJwate,
 nd the lends reserved for thR usaynf
 the seal*, at least one section, meTu
 ding each spring, shall be granted for
 the State, to be used or disposed of as
 tbs' DegislaturS may direst.
 6. The first Senat &lt;&gt;r* and a&lt;e» sen*
 t stives elected |p Coogreas from this
 fitqte are hereby authorized Rid em
 bpowereAto make qR assent to such va
 natioo#Rffie propositions herein made
 [as the igtdrestf or the State may r*-
 any eoch change wtiea ap
 proved by tiie Legislate! l frisk be m
 obliffigv aei|4b* aaasot trim Coo
 seetioFu thereto, Ad all
 atipelatiOM entered into by the Legis
 lature in pursuance of the authority
 herein shall he.eooridered
 articles of compact betwee* the United
 States and this State; smiths Legis
 lature is hereby further fltboefeedfl
 declare if in behalf of the people of
 California, if such decist ate* be pse
 poeeddß Cong rate, thet they so*
JOHN DICK, Pcatisat*. 0
WHOLE NO. 104.
tier the authority of the United Staten,
 of the vacant lands within the knit* of
 this State.
THE RESPONSIBILITY OP THK
 CHURCHES
 From the National Em.
 Extract of an Address debarred i* Woodbury,
 Conn February S, 1949, by J. Pack, on
 The Moral Pmcer of Position."
 “Thm shah love thy neighbour a*
 thyself, and “all ye are brethren,"
 seems to be the teaching of holy writ.
 And the love which the apoetle incul
 cated. "worketb uo ill to his neighbor.*'
 So, even ifwe injure ourselvu, we
 must not wrong him. This is undoubt
 edly the theory of the American church
 es, butr* it their practical position}
 To enslave a man, make him a chat_
 tel liable to sale as merchandise,*
 Ik allowed even in Ihis degenerate age to
 be a gross violation of this law oflove
 and equality of right.” And in tbia
 nation, bowsting of being freeest
 nation on eaith, as well as preeminent
 ly Christian, to continue, maintain,
 and extend such usurpation of right,
 that, too, in the middle of the nine
 teenth century, under the blazing light
 which has put out the darkness of sla
 very in thirty different Governments of
 earth since 1800, augurs either great
 blindness of mind.or perverseness of
 heart in the body politic. And who is
 to blame f&gt;r this, if the Church is inno
 cent? Why uit that the sound of
 wailing, with tne bondman’s cry, goes
 up o’er the breadth nfthe land, unheed
 ed by tiie pensioner occupants of pl&amp;e
 and power?
 What is the pc on of the Church
 'on this subject V» hat her influence
 in the United States? Is it on the sida
 of slaveqcrncy, or on the aid* of tha
 slave? If the Church is innocent, sha
 will welcome tiie research; if she is
 guilty, the sooner it is made known tha
 ortter, tor she claims "without spot or
 blemish" is her standard and her aim.
 But, as Church members would pre
 fer investigating for themselves, H.
 alone), I will only take a ”jt de met*
 ofthe body, for a moment.
 The grand sects 01 divisions ol the
 Church at the South all know, have
 gone backward in their position more
 than tbe shadow on the Dial of Ahaz,
 since 1780. Then liberty and right
 w ere the PoieStai and Sun of the polit
 ical horizon, even for British-born sub
 jects!
 Then, a three-penny tax on tea,
 and one cent on a sheet of fools-cap,"
 was insufferable tyranny; and a seven
 years war was waged, to teach King
 George the rights ofhis subjects, bn
 wipe off the foul oppression. Now, to
 biftnne, his
 wife and children, his speTnng-booit
 arid Bible, and then sell him. Ameri
 can-born, away from the home of bis
 childhood and the graves ofhis fathers,
 against his consent, is very good mo*
 sality! N* ither the practice nor apol
 o#j cf such outrage is any bar to tha
 communion table or tho pulpit.
 Nay, more: to cast public odium ou
 those who preach the doctrines of tho
 Declaration and thd New Testament on
 Mils Hibject. is, withthese Southern pa
 triarchs, a sure passport to public con
 fidence and exalted honors in Church
 and State. The Southern people,
 taught by tho high priests ofthe pecu
 liar institution to use the old fashioned
 Cauaanitish glasses, can’t see any dif
 ference between a piece of property
 and a man; between the right ol domin
 ion over the beasts of the field, and
 lording it over their brethren; between
 selling Christ in the person of nis dis
 ciples, and Jehovah’s right to a human
 soul!
 All moral diseases are catcUag. Aa
 they dare not say. '‘Stand by, I am
 holier than thou” pityingly theae
 Churches of the Pilgrims say, "it’aan
 evil;” but &gt;£jrou will hold slavery to
 your will welcome both to
 ours. We have voted for your
 friends, and as that, is a thousand-fold
 higher honor than fellowship at table,
 how can we bid; you out—away from
 the table of the Lord!
 Some (not.a few,) we know feel that
 pour works are works of sin, and ought
 to be rebuked, unless you place your
 brother by your side. But really, in
 our preseut plight, our lust for pleasure,
 power, and gain, we think it will hard
 ly do for us to “cast a stone,” and so
 «ve are glad to learn (hat when rebuke
 it given, *tis only to the selfish ones;
 tor, indeed, it seems too bad tosey to
 heirs, who keep the sieves for father's
 sake—to doctor*, who “hold them for
 their good”— tor MLuffies, who pile
 them up for “repue! can corner stooet'*
 —to churches; woo sell them to seod
 the Gospel over the world—you msy
 not sit and sup with us. So then, now
 as ever, we say, in Christian bonds,
 we are true and with you still.
 And i* this picture true/ Look at
 home. H&lt;mr many sermons for th%
 £ast twrnt*five years have bona
 preached in our churches, designed to
 overturn and dust my American slave
 ry, and withdrew our counttnaneo and
 support from this 'vilest if heathen}
 ism.” so called by Southern Synods,
 even in South Carolina, How many
 incidental rebukes are given, odP and
 above the nomber, aimed at the active
 advocates of (ho dumb? Do tho pro
 vf;tJhog influences of these cbureho»
 tend to fim the epint of liberty and
 Jove lo man into a glowing fiame, Of
 check the kindling fire and crush tho
 bofliOwn’* hope? If the Church'a
 .''eye this subject,) "can
 her body be fail of light?" If her
 “hgbi, be darkness,” ob» vbo can toll
 tb* dreadful power of bar position;
 Tho truth we emt learn flw; the tre
 mendous consequences to us, and tho
 nations of thwearth, thojudgmoat day
 s«|l toll.
 0
