From Tarker’* L**tter on Slavery.
 EFFECTS OF SLAVERY OJf ED
 VCATIOfIr
 Let us now look at fbc Effects of
 Slavery on the intellectual, moral and
 religious Development of the People.
 The effect on tiro intellectual, moral
 ani rcligiom condition of the Slave, ii
 easily understood. Me is onlv contin
 ued in slavery bv restraining him from
 •he civilization of mankind in this age.
 Mia mind, conscience, soul—ail Ins no
 bler powers—rnunt be kept in a stale of
 inferior development, otherwise he will
 not be a slave in the nineteenth ccntu
 rv, and in the United States. Incom
 p iris &gt;n with the intellectual culture of
 their masters, the slaves are a mass of
 Barbarians, still more emphatically
 when compared with the free institu
 tions of the N nth; they are Savages.
 This is not a mere matter of inference,
 th? fa't i« substantiated by the notorious
 testimony of slaveholders themselves.
 In lcfcM, the Synod of South Carolina
 and Georgia, reported that the slaves
 may justly be considered the Heathen
 of this country, and will bear compari
 son with the Heathen of any part of the
 world.” They are destitute of the
 privileges of the Gospel, and ever will
 he, under the present state of things.”
 In all the Slave States, says the Synod,
 there arc not twelve men exclusively
 devoted to the religious instruction ot
 the Negroes.” Of the regular minis
 ters, but a very small portion pay any
 attention to them.” “We know of but
 five churches in the slavcholding States
 built exclusively for their u.sc,” and
 there is no sufficient room for them
 Ri llm white chnrclics for their accom
 modation.” “They are unable to
 sead, as custom, or law, and generally
 both, prohibit their instruction. They
 have no Bible —no family altars and
 when in affliction, sickness or death,
 they have no minister to address to
 them the consolations of the Gospel,
 nor to bury them with solemn and ap
 propriate services.” They may some
 times be petted and caressed as chil
 dren and toys, they are never treated as
 men.
 Heathenism,” says another South
 ern authority, is as real in the slave
 States us in the South Sea Islands.”—
 “Chastity is no virtue among them
 (the slaves;) its violation neither in
 jures the female character in their own
 estimation nor that of their mistress.”
 When there b no marriage recognized
 by the State or Church as legal and
 permanent between slaves; where the
 lemalc slave is wholly in her master’s
 power —how can it be otherwise? Said
 the Roman proverb, Nothing is un
 lawful for the master to his slave.”—
 When men arc counted as things, in
 strument.! of husbandry, separable
 limbj of the master, and retained in
 subjugation by external force and the
 prohibition of all manly culture, the
 effect of slavery on its victim is so
 obvious that no more need be said
 thereof.
 The elTect of slavery on the intel
 lectual. moral and religious condition
 of the free population of the South, is
 not so obvious perhaps at first sight.—
 But a comparison with the free Sates
 will render that also plain.
 All attempts at the improvement of
 the humbler and more exposed portions
 of society, the perishing and dangerous
 classes thereof, originate in the free
 States. It is there that men originate
 societies for tire Reform of Prisons, the
 Prevention of Crime, Pauperism, In
 temperance, Licentiousness and Igno
 rance. There spring up Education So
 cieties, Bible Societies, Peace Socie
 ties, Societies for teaching Christianity
 in foreign and barbarous land*. There
 too are the learned and philosophical
 societies, for the study of Science, Let
 ters and Art. Whence come the men
 of superior education who occupy the
 Pulpits, exercise the professions of Law
 and Medicine, or fiil the chairs of the
 Professors in the Colleges of the Un
 ion? Almost all from the North, from
 the free States. There is preaching
 everywhere. But search the .whole
 Southern States for the last seven-and
 forty years, and it were hard to show
 a single preacher of any eminence
 in any pulpit of a slave-hold
 ing State; a single clergyman re
 markable lbr ability in his calling, for
 great ideas, for eloquence, elsewhere
 so cheap —or even for learning! Even
 Expositions and Commentaries on the
 Bible, the most common clerical pro
 ductions, are the work of the North
 alone.
 Whence come the distinguished au
 thors of America? the Poets—Bryant,
 Longfellow, Whittier; Historians
 Sparks, Prescctt, Bancroft; Jurists—
 Parsons, Wheaton, Story, Kent?—
 Whence Irving, dimming, Emerson?
 —wncnce all the scientific men, the
 men of thought, who represent the na
 tion’s loftier consciousness? All from
 the free Slates; North of Mason and
 Dixon’s line!
 Few works of any literary or scien
 tific value ha\c been written in this
 country in any of the slave States; few
 ever get repriuted there. Compare the
 works which Lsue from the press ol
 New Orleans, Savannah, Charleston,
 Norfolk, Baltimore, with such as come
 from Philadelphia, New York und
 Bostoiwcvcn from Lowell and Cincin
 nati pare but the booksellers
 stock in those several cities, and the
 difference between the cultivation of the
 more educated classes of the South
 and North is apparent at a glance.
 But leaving general considerations o 1
 the* sort, let us Look at facts, in 1&lt;»71,
 Sir William Be lively, Governor of Vir
 ginia, said, l thank G*»d that there
 arc no free schools m»r printing presses,
 fin Virginia.) umi i hope we shall not
 have them these huudred yers.” In
 1810, in the fifteen slave Slates and
 territyries, there were at the various
 primary schools 201,085 scholars; at
 the vurious primary schools of the free
 States 1 ,&lt;&gt;25,028. The State of Ohic
 atone had *2lB,t»o.'t scholars ot her pn«
 marv schools, 17,521 more than all the
 fifteen slave States. South Carolina
 had 12,250 such scholars, and Rhod«
 Island 17,315. New York abnc ha?
 502,317.
 In the higher schools, there were ir
 the Sotith 3C,o;i&gt; “scholars at the
 public charge,” as they arc called »r
 the census; in the North, 432,338 simi
 lar' sch Jars. Virginia, the largest ol
 the slave States, had I), 731 such scho
 lars; Rhode Mind, the smallest ofth*
free Stale*, 10,749. Massachusetts
 alone bad 156.361, me than fow
 times as many as all the alive Stales.
 In the slave States, it academies and
 grammar schools, there were 62,906
 scholars; in (he free Stains, 97,174.
 But the dtObrcnce Is Bombers here
 does toot represent the difference af
 fact, for most of the academies and
 grammar schools of the South are in
 terior to the schools at public charge M
 of the N &gt;rth far inferior to the
 better portion of the Northern Dis
 trict Schools.
 [to be costixced.
 We commend the fbitowfogeorxespoadssce
 t j the attention of those who would Oms pa-,
 i tronizc the North Star
 Clintox, Midi., Feb. 4, 18*8.
 H.Cseclet, Eso. :—Please send me the
 New York Daily Tribune, and 1 wiH psy you
 at the |end of the year. By so doing, jo.,
 will promote the Whig cause in this section of
 country, and oblige Yoors, &amp;c.,
 HENRY W. STEVENS,
 i
 aertr.
 New Yoai, Feb. 15, 1848.
 11. W. SrcvrcsJEsq. —Dear Sir:—Yours,
 l of the 4th has just reached me, and your re-i
 has been duly considered. I beg leare
 to ny in answer that I cannot do as you wish'
 un«l?r exurtmg circumstances, for the tb!low-j
 ing reasons Ist, I can’t remember that I
 ever had the honor of knowing you; Sdly, j
 the fact that you did not pay the postage on
 your letter is not calculated to impress me fa
 vorably aa regards your pecuniary reliability
 and 3dly, I published newspapers seven years
 on credit, with lots of subscribers, and came
 near starring to death thereby. For the last
 i seven years I hare gone on the opposite tack, I
 sending my paper very' rarely to any who had
 I not P*id for it in advance and I think it will;
 gladden your philanthropic heart to know that i
 I the change has worked admirably for my con-!
 stitution. I have since had not only a good
 •array of subscribers, but enough to eat, a:
 pood snit of clothes, and very often some
 change in the vest pocket. Wishing you a
 -hare of the same blessings, I remain,
 Yours truly,
 HORACE GREELEY,
 j P. S. l should like well to do anything
 fairly within my power to ‘promote the Whig
 I cause* in Michigan, where there really seems
 to be need of some efforts in that direction.—
 i If, therefore, a dozen Whigs of your town
 will write me that sending The Tribune to
 any named address will have the effect you
 intimate, I will gire the paper gladly but as
 to sending it on credit to a stranger, I would
 j most respectfully ask to be excused. Dis
 i liking to tax any one with postage unless he
 has requested it,*l send you this printed in the
 Tribune, and postpaid. Adieu
 H. G.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 10 1048.
i COLORED CHURCHES.—Pfo. 111.
 One of the greatest evils resulting from
 separate religious organizations for* the ex
 clusive use of colored persons, is the coun
 tenance and support which they give to ex
 clusive colored schools. The very existence
 of the former is an argument in favor of the
 latter. If there be any good reason for a
 j colored church, the same will hold good in
 regard to a colored school, and indeed to
 I every other institution founded on complexion.
 Negro pews in the church negro boxes in
 the theatre negro cars on the railroad uc
 gro berths in the steamboat; negro churches
 and negro schools in the community, are all
 ihe jjeTnicious fruit of a wicked, unnatural,
 and blasphemous prejudice against our God
 given complexion and as such stand dire!,
 j in the way of our progress and equality.
 The axe must be laid at the root of the tree.
 This whole system of things is false, foul,
 and infernal, and should receive our most
 earnest and unceasing reprobation. The
 evils of separate colored schools are obvious
 to the common sense of all. Their very
 tendency is to produce feelings of superiority
 in the minds of white children, and a sense
 of inferiority in those of colored children;
 thus producing pride on the one hand, and
 servility on the other, and making those who
 would be the best of friends the worst of
 enemies. As we have frequently urged on
 the platform and elsewhere, prejudice is not
 the creature of birth but of education. When
 a toy in the streets of Baltimore, we were
 never objected to by our white playfellows on
 account of our color. When the hat was
 tossed up for a choice of partners in the play,
 we were selected as readily ms any other boy,
 and were esteemed as highly as any. No
 one ever objected to our complexion. We
 i could run as fast, jump as far, throw the ball
 as direct and true, and catch it with as much
 j dexterity and skill as the white boys; and
 were esteemed for what we could do. And
 such, in our judgment, would be the case
 here at the North, but for the many influences
 tending to a separation of white from colored
 children. Wc shall, however, have more to
 say on this subject at mother tune for it is
 one which ought to receive speedy and Um»
 i rough attention, not only in this community,
 but throughout the Union.
 Another reason against colored churcbet
 originates in the character and qualification!
 of the moil aluuwt universally and necessarily
 employed as their teachers and pastors. Will
 few exceptions, colored ministers have no'
 th? mental qualification to instruct and im
 prove their congregations; and instead ol
 advancing, they retard the intellectual pro
 gress of the people. Some of the must popu
 lar colored preachers in this country are met
 unable to write their own names; and mam
 of them are unable to read without spelling
 half their words. Colored churches form i
 field for this class of would-be ministers
 and their existence is one great reason of the
 ignorance and mental inactivity, and general
 want of enterprise among us as a class. Wc
 have heard them denounce w hat they cailcc
 iuiUT-learning,” as an evil to religion, say
 ing, that “the letter killeth, but the apirii
 gtvcili life; and that all we should care abou’
 is to get to heaven when we die.” Of conn*
 the eft-ct of such teachers and teaching is U
 establish the conviction, that ignorance h
 bliss, and it is folly to he wise.” A virtu** ii
 made of ignorance, and sound is preferred n
 sense. Tn point of elevation and improve
 me lit, w icked as are the white churches, am
 cuirupt ua are their white ministers, eolotci
 persons would have gained much more bj
 remaining in theta, than they have dune fo
 coming out from them; and ihry might &lt;*r«
 this, in (be not them States, at least, ha it bah#
 tamed equal rights in every department of Us
 •chuseh, bad they remained in them andean
tended for their rights. The example art by
 mm ia New EogM,
 rasfccl te the unjust tad ediooo dimiactitei
 formerly praetieed there in the use ef railroad
 evs, is worthy of imitation ia the ehuirbre.
 We htn frequently foac into cam intended
 oaly for white patemgrre, aad aDo«H ouredt
 te be brrtsa end dragged oat by lb* artaa*
 and conductors, as a boh of distinctly
 ■afitiaf tbe equal rights of colored pereon*
 in the oac ef those ears. Aad whet baobeee
 the result of sack coodoct an ear put! Why
 this—tbe whole system of compelling adored
 persons to ride ia separate cars frees others
 has been totally abolished. The nubuod
 companies Wm*» t of their proecrip-
 Uoti, and abandoned it. Colored ssea are bow
 treated with the utmost kindness aad equality
 on the saase roods where fire yean ago, they
 were insulted and degraded. We should like
 to aee the same course pursued toward white
 churches. Colored members shoold go ia
 and take seats, without regard to their com
 plexion, and allow themselves to he dragged
 out by the ministers, elders, and deacons.
 Such a course would very soon settle the
 question, and in the right way. It would
 compel the church to develop her character
 in such a manner at either to secure the rights
 of her colored members, or to secure her own
 destruction. We shall practice on this prin
 ciple, and in every instance give whits reli
 gious worshippers the trouble of removing us
 from among them, or the pain of enduring
 our dark appearance.
 Another evil of colored churches ia their
 expensirencss. Colored people are scattered
 over the country in small numbers, and are
 j generally poor; and to be compelled to
 build churches lor themselves, and hire
 I their own minister, is by no means a trifling
 hardship. The minister and his family must
 be supported, though the members have
 scarcely the means of living, to say nothing
 of the means of educating and improving the
 minds of their children. We have knows of
 churches composed of a dozen good colored
 women and as many men; the former gain
 ing their living over the wash-tub, and the
 latter obtaining theirs by daily toil; at the
 same time supporting a minister and hb
 family at an expense of from two to three
 hundred dollars a year.
OHIO BLACK LAWS.
 In no State of this Union are there to be
 found laws more cruel, unjust and atrocious,
 than those on the Statute Book of Ohio. An
 assembly of devils could not have enacted
 laws more infernal, and better fitted to pro
 mote crime, than what arc called the black
 laws'’ of that State. During our Anti-Sla
 very tour through Ohio, last summer, in
 company with William Lloyd Garrison, we
 frequently called attention to these wicked
 and disgraceful laws, and exhorted the people
 to demand their repeal. They have done so;
 (for the people in Northern Ohio are ashamed
 ofthose laws;) and though they have suc
 ceeded in getting an excellent report in favor
 of repeal, through the trickery of pandering
 politicians, the bill to repeal them was defeat
 ed, by a vote of 43 to 23.
 The discussion in the Legislature on this
 subject, affords some excellent illustrations oi
 political morality, and sense of accountability.
 Take the following for example
 Mr. Culbertson declared Ills utter defla
 tion of the disgraceful acts w hich are well
 known and well named as the black laws.”
 But in the county wliich he represents on this
 floor, (Muskingum,) the question had not
 .rn min assod before the people—but he felt
 it to be his duty, in direct opposition to his
 own opinion, to vote as he knew the majority
 of his constituents desired upon the subject,
 lie should now vote against the repeal; but
 should he be sent bade with the opinions
 which he took the present occasion to make
 known to the worW, his vote should be given
 for freeing our statute books from the dis
 grace which such enactments brought upon
 thun.”
 Is ho not a moral man? Are you not
 forcibly struck with his manly port and inde
 pendent bearing? His body in Columbus,
 and his conscience in Muskingum! He
 brands the law s as disgraceful, and generously
 disgraces himself by refusing to repeal them,
 lie marks them with his utter detestation, and
 renders himself detestable by sustaining
 them. Is he not a perfect gem of his kind
 He is indeed the people's most obedient
 servant, and worthy to be called an American
 Legislator!
 Here arc o few extracts from the Mack
 laws:
 From the act of Jan. 5, 1804,
 See. 1. That from and after the Ist day
 of June next, no black or mulatto shall be
 permitted to settle or reside in this State, un
 j less he or she shall first produce a (air certifi
 j cate, from some Court within the United
 i States, of his or her actual freedom; which
 j certificate shall be attested by the clerk of said
 court, and the seal thereof annexed thereto by
 j said clerk.
 Sec. 3. That no person nr persons, reai-
 I dents of this State, shall be permitted to hire,
 or in any way employ any black or mulatto
 j person, unless such black or mulatto person
 j shall have one of the certificates as aforesaid,
 under pain of forfeiting and paving any sura
 not less thrn ten, nor more than fifty dollars,
 j at the discretion of the court, for every such
 offence and one-half thereof to the use oi
 1 the informer, and the other half for the use
 of the State.”
 From the Act of J*n. 25,1807.
 Sec. 1. Thai no negro or mulatto person
 shall be permitted to emigrate into and settle
 within this State, unless such negro or mu
 latto person shall, within twenty days there
 after, enter into bond with two or more free
 hold sureties in the penal sum of five hundred
 dollars, conditioned for the good be
 havior of such negro or mulatto, and more
 over to pay for the support of such person in
 ase he, she or they should be found within
 uiy township in thin Stale unable to support
 themselvrs.
 See. 3. That if any person, being a rcoi
 lent of the State, shall employ, harbor or
 'unreal anv such negro or mulatto person
 lforesaid, contrary to the provisions of the
 first section of this net, any person so offend
 ing shall forfeit and pay for each offence anv
 sum not exceeding oqe hundred dollars, cut
 half to tbs iofonaor, and the othor half for
 the use of the poor of the township in whieh
 fuch person may reside; and
 moreover be liable for the mainteaanee sad
 support of such negro or mulatto, provided he,
 she or they shall beoome unable to Nippon
 ihrmocltrrs.
 Sos. 4. That eo Mack .if wubtti. p*r»&gt;r
 or forms shall bsraaiier he peraw|t«d to he
 sworn or give sndimnr M any court of mooed
 or elsewhere in this State, in any cause do
 -ending, or matter of controversy,whore either
 d «he same is a white person, or is
 I my Lrosecutt t* which shall he instituted
 |is behalf of this Stale against nay white
 l.wreai."
school fired to lbs e*«aliaa&lt;rf ron)PM*
 of ths Slate, than §mmm osiasai y-w
 from all tec ordinary MM df iteiteß.
 The foregoing bn«titMWw«M(d
 a» the kidding of Kremeky Jin k link
 The fiat above wee intended te pre
 and other slaw States from entering the river
 and seeking as asylum is the State of Ohio.
 It wee intended ae a watt te piereel eeeape
 from the Msody field of slavery—a am ef
 hatchet, to cat off the Sagers ef the fugitive
 as he climbs to dear himself of the white
 tanged American bloodhounds. The law docs
 not me fine its efibrts to enslave merely to the
 black, hot provides far enslavement of a
 growing daae ef Aamrieso slaves, catted
 rmtlaUoes. black sr mulatto.” This
 hater chssaie generally the sane end dangb
 ters ef white men, hy colored mothers. We
 say generally, becanee them have barn n few
 instances ef a contrary character. The law
 looks to keeping sock in their chains. Their
 Anglo-Saxon blood avails them nothing in the
 free State of Ohio. It is no matter that their
 masters are their fathers; they eaaoot be al
 lowed to reside in the State without a certifi
 cate of their freedom. The feet that they are
 men is nothing. Straight Lair, preoriaeat
 features, light enenplexious, are to them ef no
 avail. The ample feet that they are of
 nixed blood, is sufficient to prevent them from
 residing ia this free State.
 Them liberty-loving legislators having com
 pleted the ramparts from which to repulse the
 whip scarred fugitive, go on to make pro
 vision for h» starvation, shook! he ever suc
 ceed in getting into the State. Could any
 thing be more inhuman, more fiendish God
 says, Thou shall not deliver onto hie mas
 ter the servant who has escaped onto thee
 he shall dwell with thee within thy gates, in
 Itbe piece that bketh him best; thorn shall not
 oppress him” Coold there be s more open
 and complete riohiion of God's law, than is
 found in the black laws of Ohio We have
 no language to express our sense ef the
 mean, wicked, and worse than savage char
 acter of the men who, by refusing to repeal,
 have re-enacted these disgraceful and bar
 barous laws. In view of such enactments,
 well might the illustrious O'Connell brand us
 before all the world as a nation of liars and
 hypocrites. Ohio is called s free State! If
 she be such, what ia a slave State T
 I’he legitimate operation of the law re
 specting testimony, is to tempt white persons
 to rob, cheat and plunder those of color. And
 not a few have yielded to the temptation.—
 Under this law, a white man may commit any
 outrage on his black neighbor with the most
 complete impunity. In the debate on the
 bill to repeal these wicked, unjust, mischiev
 ous laws:
 A Mr. Nigh said he should vote against
 the repeal of the black laws, because he was,
 individually, opposed to their repeal. He
 thought they were right, and would never
 have been placed upon our statute books had
 there not been a reason for it; and he would
 j not be instrumental in removing.”
 The moral sense of a Thug could not be
 I more dark, lifeless and foul, than ia that of
 i Mr. Nigh. He thinks the black laws
 1 right,” and is opposed to their repeal on that
 ground. To such a man, argument ia un
 j necessary. We think a colored skin, for a
 short time, might be of service to his mor
 al vision. The man who can pronounce
 such laws right, would have no moral hesi
 tancy in committing murder. And yet a ma
 jority of the assembled wisdom of Ohio, have,
 by refusing to repeal those law's, virtually said
 to the world, We believe those laws to be
 right.” When slavery gets mastery, the
 whole moral constitution becomes inverted,
 and men become the incarnation of devils.
 We cannot dismiss this subject without ex
 pressing our sincere thanks to Mr. Blake for
 his able argument in favor of the repeal of
 those laws, as well as his efibrts in behalf of
 a law against the use of State jails and
 State officers in arresting and detaining fugi
 tive slaves. We must also thank Mr. A. H.
 Lewis and Mr. B. RandeU, for their able re
 port in favor of the repeal of the black laws.
 We shall give our readers extracts from it in
 our next number. Let our friends in Ohio
 give their rulers no peace till those abomina
 ble black laws are entirely wiped from the
 statute book of the State.
JOHN QUINCY ADAMS,
 The recent decease of this venerable
 statesman, scholar and patriot, has called
 forth one general voice of mourning through
 out our widely-extended country. The press
 teems with brilliant eulogies of his character,
 and legislative halls reverberate with eloquent
 expressions of honor for his memory. Each
 incident of his long and eventful life, is
 seized upon with avidity, and every effort is
 made to magnify and extend his feme. This
 feeling of respect and veneration, is not felt
 entirely by white persons, but is shared, to a
 considerable degree, by the oppressed and de
 spised colored people. They remember, with,
 characteristic gratitude, the heroic conduct
 of the deceased, in defending the sacred right
 of petition; his mighty exposures of the
 slave power, and its aggressions on the
 rights of the North; the glorious victory
 achieved over the slave oligarchy in Congress,
 with the mfemona mobocrat, Thomas Mar
 shall, at its head; his unwearied exertions
 against the annexation of Texas; and they
 can never forget his grand effort in behalf of
 the Amistad captives. Thees feels in the
 history of this great nun, -**u loved
 and venerated by the oppressed while living,
 and lead them to eherisk and boner his
 memory, now that be is dead.
 We give in another column of this week’s
 paper, the proceedings of a meeting iff our
 colored friends and feDow-eitaeaa, at Buffalo,
 in honor of the fn«*ric.ue imparted, as evincing
 t!*- Mayings of the oppressed in this country
 with inspect to his worth.
B 7 Wo have desired to pish no quarrel
 wk the Barn’s Horn. We thought his
 athrie an fee divisions among Abolitionists
 onjnrt; and being called upon by him to give
 'jrr'en of the subject, we have said an.
E 7 A mistake in the litter «f M. R. D.,
 nrefill,!■ n I iu 1 t
 pviutßlNll IB our no WMB 9 SIMBB* N B
 mad that, the Duke de Mont pern er was
 married as Isabella, Queen of Hpnm. Bought
 to hare keen, water te the Queen of Spain.
lOW C. CAUWOT*_
 Wtalwa vwy MlriH pi*
 «M fofc faun fcwml *n\w ni
 an through the Pool
 Office. He-**- fell length, Hooding
 is sight «f u«r alavehalding and atoe-ftadmg
 #n&gt;pif i; kk left am a-bow by h»aii t Hi
 lus light ajrtwidrd ipwvi, with kh fore
 inger pointing toward a yriafoffm,
 the na, to which he iddremaa himself as
 follow*;
 M Bm ef intellectnal light mi ti liberty,
 stand ye wiß in masterly inactivity, font the
 aatioa ef Sooth Carolina any contiooe to
 hold negroes and phot cotton till the day of
 joifonnnt rt
 The title of the print is, 44 Jiwfioi eore
 mandiof the eon to eland still,” and in mU
 by H. R. Robmeoo, 143, Nassau Street,
 New York, at $1 per dm.; $9 per 109.
Sabbath Desecration. —On ha Sunday
 evening, the Waehiagtoaiaae held thaix anal
 weekly anetiag in thw city. Sons ufcwnce
 eras made by the different apeekera to the
 fortheeomg election ef city officers; dia
 wnaieg the qaeation which ef the candidates
 was heat fitted, by hit moral character, to fill
 the high office of mayor. For this desecra
 tion of the holy Sabbath,” as it is called,
 the 44 unco gude folks of Rochester have
 not foiled to consign these Washingtonians
 to perdition and eternal fire and brimstone.
 Have they nevex.learned, from the multitude
 of eennons to which they have hateoed, that
 even under the rigid formalism of the Mosaic
 law, h was 44 lawful to do well oo the Sab
 bath day”! It is well that there is mercy
 in Heaven for poor sinners would find very
 little mercy, if their eternal destiny were at
 the disposal of the few who arrogate to them
 selves peculiarly the title of 44 children of
 God,” opon earth.— j. d.
Exclusive Assemblies. —Major Noah, in
 his Sunday Times and Messenger, says, that
 the only really exclusive assemblies in New
 York, are out aristocratic churches. 44 When
 we pass by them on Sunday, and aee the
 livened servants waiting outside, while their
 masters and mistresses are worshipping with
 in, wo think that possibly the thing may be
 reversed in the next world, when the masters
 will have to stand outside.”
Valce or a Vote. —Of the twenty mil
 linns of inhabitants in the United States,
 there are about 3,500,000 legal votero.
 Were these voters required to square up the
 expenses of the administration as they occur,
 they would pay on an average of $4O
 each for the national expenses of a single
 year.
How to support tue Was. —Two pro
 positions are before Congress, both of which
 propose a direct tax of five millions of dollars
 to be laid for support of the war. Both pro
 positions came from Democratic members—
 Wihnot of Pennsylvania, and McKay, of
 North Carolina.
Slavers Captured. —An arrival at Balti
 more brings later accounts from Liberia. Two
 brigs, under Brazilian colors, had recently
 been captured by the English cruisers, one
 having 800, and the other 750 slaves on
 board. Neither of these vessels was over
 150 tons burden.
NOTICES OF BOOKS.
 Bixtkekth Akxcal Rzpokt of the Board of
 Managen of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery So
 ciety.
 This valuable anti-slavery document, has
 reached us. We had looked for it with some
 impatience. Always able, eloquent, interest*
 ing and instructive—and this year, it is un
 usually so. The events narrated and the
 topics discussed, embrace, we think, nearly
 all that have claimed our attention during the
 past year. In no direction do we look for so
 faithful a record of anh-slavery events, as to
 the Annual Reports of the Massachusetts
 Anti-Slavery Society. Wendell Phillips,
 said in a speech recently made at Faneufl Hall,
 are hold ourselves s grand inquest for free
 dom Inspectors general may I say, of anti
 slavery for old Massachusetts,'* and he might
 have added, for the whole country. No point
 of interest is left untouched, the whole mass
 of disjointed events and incidents are skillfully
 arranged and presented to the reader with the
 most admirable perspicuity. We shall treat
 our readers with extracts from its pages, in
 the columns of subsequent num
 bers.
Fibst Aureal Rxroar of the General Agent
 of the Board of National Popular Education, with
 the Constitution of the Board.
 This is an interesting pamphlet, draws up
 with the force and clearness for which Mr.
 Slade the general agent is distinguished. The
 object of the Board of National Education, is
 set forth to be, to promote National popular
 education, and to supply well qualified teach
 ers, to places destitute of them. The object is
 a coble one, hd no effort should be regsided
 too dear, to accomplish it. Thu friends of
 this movement will, however, pardon us, if
 we venture to enquire if destitute colored per
 sons are to be regarded as within the range, of
 their benevolent opperateons. We have ob
 served with regret sod profound sorrow, that
 while American Christians have been prolific
 of benevolent plans to elevate and improve the
 condition of persona of their own complexion,
 they hare usually excluded, as utterly un
 worthy of their regard and attention, the for
 sore destitute sad needy colored people of the
 tend. We cherish the aopremest contempt
 for anything under the aaae of humanity or
 roßginn, thstessnot embrace the children of
 a gptnmou God and Creator of every eomplex
 ioe. The general agent will confer a fever,
 by informing ns of the position of the Board
 on this subject.
WESTERN NEW fOU ANTI
 •LATEST SOCIETY.
 The Executive Coeamittee will meet ee
 Tuesday evening next, March 14th, at the
 Aatt-Stevexy Office, *5. BufeJo Street,
 fl tlnmllT is roqueted at 7 n’doek pre-
 W. C. NELL,Bee.See.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 J. ML SdUTo.
 H. W., Prey id—or.—Ranaired
 BiR. fia%ps
 The Notices hr Masttega hjr Juntas Wafosr
 and Jsiui I. Jaeahe, ware muted me Its for foie
 a—hart hot w* appear—ulweeh.
•limCATIHS,
con join thb Aieunonm.
 A has of a ftod utMluay m|; for be
 it knows to the keen of feed soagu, thot
 eone ef the best ever suagv w® those to be
 heard ie the happy hmaas of abolitionists, end
 our great asti-sit my gatherings—aye, and
 some of the beet, the most Vouching, earnest,
 strong, yet beautiful poems in this land, arc
 those written by men and women, who lore to
 nee their high poetic gift to waken the nation's
 boost to the wail of the dare. We aay this
 jin the aery present!, if need be, ef the Right
 Rererened Rufus Griswold, D. D., although
 in hiwscfections of American poetry, he has
 not given n tingk fine of anti-slavery verse.
 H*s he not taste, don't he know what good
 poetry ie? or did he fear that the book would•
 not suit the market so well, if the free hearted'
 mid the truodteaited spoke through it But
 to the cull, 44 eons and join the abolitionists/*
 would it could ring through all the land, reach
 tag ep the beautiful valley of the Genesee,
 down along the winding Mohawk, the broad
 Hudson, mingling' with the sound of every
 brawling brook, the low manner ef every'
 sweetly flowing streamlet, that it might be*
 heard amid the forests, through the sequester
 ed vales, in the hamlet homes, the busy towns,
 the fields, the work shops. That men might
 listen earnestly to it, that women might every
 where lend a pitying ear, that children might
 pause amid the glad free sports of infancy, to
 hear a voice that tells of ebiMhood sold on
 the a action Mock of merry laughs and hap
 py sports thrown into market and thus turned
 to despair and sorrow, come before their time
 to cloud life’s early day with darkened sha
 dows.
 If people would but obey the impulse of
 thcii better selves, they would be with us.—
 Why, in our meetings, after listening to the
 earnest eloquence of Douglass, or the silvery
 trumpet call of Rcraond, men's hearts are
 right fin- the time being, and if they would go
 home and carry out their beautiful convictions
 in practice, they would turn to the wall the
 pictures of aH the 44 embodiments,” the ‘‘God
 likes** and other idols, they are wont to wor
 ship; would sec straight through the bellow
 emptiness of party and church, and stand side
 by side with the foremost in Freedom’s ranks.
 We loveto see people consistent. Nobody in
 this country is so except the abolitionist, for
 he alone makes profession and practice square:
 nobody else is free, for he alone is not to be
 bought, frightened, or deceived by slavery's
 “natural allies” and “beloved brethren in the
 faith.”
 However, we must repeat the call. Slavery
 utters its rallying call from pulpit, pews, and
 mass meetings, the people listen as if it were
 the voice of some, good angsl though it is only
 the harsh scream ef an evil spirit.
 By and by they will hear with an understand
 ing ear, then our call will be sweet music
 urging them to the conflict, as the rich tones
 of the fluto moved the strong-handed and
 stronger-hearted Spartans of olden time to
 battle and to victory. A new voice, too, will
 be heard echoing through the land, reverbera
 ting along the banks of the 44 Father of wa
 ters,” wafted on the North-wind over the
 rice-swamps, the cotton-fields, the sugar plan
 tations of the South—sending joy to the slave,
 fear and trembling to the master, sounding
 through the lordly hall of the planter like the
 solemn toll of a funeral knell—that voice will
 be 44 No Union with alavcholdera, no compro
 mise with slavery.” G. 13. S.
AMERICAN SLAVERYITS EF
 FECTS UPON TOE NON-SLATE
 HOLDING POPULATION OP THE
 SOUTH.
 Turn to laboring freemen South of the
 Potomac, and if you care nothing about
 slaves, care for your own color.” J. G.
 Palfrey
 It has been demonstrated, that men re
 duced to a condition of slavery, are in the
 lowest depths of degradation; indeed, almost
 beneath the pale of humanity. Were goods
 and chattels personal to be used, adjudged,
 and held, to all intents, constructions, and
 purposes whatsoever, it is evident that labor
 performed by such persons lias the same de
 gradation attached to it.
 The principal part of labor, and the rude,
 as indeed some of the fine, mechanic arts at
 the South, are performed by slaves. This is
 prejudicial to the interest of the poor free
 man for while the planter, the contractor,
 and the master mechanic can command the
 labor of slaves, giving in return but a bare
 subsistence, the sterm-r necessities of life,
 they will not employ freemen, giving them in
 return a sufficiency to maintain themselves
 and families with respectability and educate
 their children; and even if they were willing
 to employ them, 44 freemen will never con
 tent to be the y oka-fellows of tasked and plun
 dered slaves.'*
 Such being the ease, it is evident that the
 effect of slavery is not beneficial to the poor
 freemen, who comprise by far the greater
 part of the population of the South; they
 look upon labor with contempt, and will do
 anything to drag out a precarious existence,
 rather than labor; and those that woik, are
 the slaves of noeentety, mad are looked upon
 as the equals of goods and chattels. So
 strong is this contempt for labor in the bosom
 of the peer white mss at the Sooth, that the
 writer can tell (from actual observation) of a
 community living is and about the District of
 Columbia, South side of the Potomac, known
 as the 44 oooies,” who live by hunting
 noons, sad catching an isfenor fish called the
 red mullet, ard by plunder and clandestine
 butene— itinnnnions with abv——more ig
 norant than teaves, from not bring in contact
 with intelligent people and hearing them con
 verse, as many of the staves do—looked upon
 ahks with eontempt by master and slave.
 The Sond-hillere of North Carolina have
 become a part of the history of the country.j
 But thia dam of persons at the Sooth have
 pohiinl power; and ft may be ashed, If sla
 very is so prejudicial to them, why do they
 not exetare k for the removal of the system
 Is answer to this, we would urge the follow
 ing propr niion: If nis man's heat interest
 always ts do that which is right, if duty ia at
 all times sxpudisai, why do we ase men doing
 •hot which in wrung, and jurying thorn
 mires su tht ground sfexpsdieaey! fin
 *ve oJTZL l!Tml|ile upas Mher. He
 Headers abroad prejudice, ensyfog the poor
 J^*** a r 15
whits MB against the pealed and plundered
 Meek wan,” the victim of his cupidity. And
 is older to do this, be scatters abroad ignor
 ance, shrouding the whole region in a red of
 mental darkness, debarring the poor freeman
 from the opportanhy of educating his chil
 dren for ignorance, prejudice and crime am
 a triumvirate of tyranny, acting and reacting
 upon, producing and re-producing each
 other.
 Allow die non-alaveholding population of
 the South but a chance to expand their minds,
 by the first rudiments of an Engkaft educa
 tion, and they will soon be convinced (hat it in
 net only their duty, but no leaa their inteffcst,
 to abolish that system which degrades labor
 and they will rise in obedience to these man'
 dates, and with their moral force and political
 power, sweep it from the nation, in spite of
 the Calhoun, Clays and McDuffies, who am
 throwing the shield of their lofty intellect#
 around it.
 In support of these proposition, let n bu(
 refer to the census of 1846, and make a
 comparison between the North and South, in
 their provisions for public ednatkw. By this,
 we an that the number of seboim at poMio
 charge ia the free States, were 439,173 in
 the sine States, 35,686; whilst youag Ohio,
 which has been but recently redeemed from
 the western forest, had 51,819 one-third
 more than all of them whilst Virginia, the
 Old Dominion, the land of chivalry, had buf
 9,761 and Kentucky, the twin-sister of Ohio,
 bnt 499 What must be the State of edu
 cation at the South!—what must be the intel
 ligence of fee poor We may judge, when
 out of 4,611 applicants fur marriage license in
 96 counties of Va», 1,041 men could not
 wiitc their names. This and slavery are
 I compatible this and liberty never can be
 Geo. McDuffie never uttered a truer senti
 ment, than that M an mtelfcgent, enfranchised
 people would continually revolt at slave in
 stitution# the baws of a South Carolina
 beau ideal of a republcrau form, of govern
 ment.
 The 300,000 slaveowners know that their
 darling institution will not bear the teat of
 investigation, and therefore they prohibit alt
 discussion, 44 declaring through their public
 journals that the question of slavery ia not,
 and shall not be open to discussion that tbo
 moment any individual undertakes to lecture
 them upon its evils, &amp;c., at that moment
 shall his tongue be cut out and cast upon a
 dunghill.” They fear that a discussion of it
 would enlighten and awaken the poor white
 man to his interest, and that the 44 patriarchal
 institution” would be doomed; hence this
 censorship of the press, this fettering of
 speech and mind
 Bat Truth, crushed to earth,
 WiUjrisc again
 A discussion at the North, will drive the
 slaveholder at the South into a discussion of
 it, by which the poor men w ill be enlightened
 as to its character and operations. The dis
 cussion of the subject was introduced in the
 present Congress by Southern members,
 (Clingnian and others.) The slaveholding
 oligarchy may as as well attempt to roll back
 the waters of Niagara, as they bound over
 the summit, or stop bright Sol in his onward
 career, as to attempt to shut out the light that
 is concentrating on their system. The poor
 white man will learn that his rights are
 wrapped up in the same bundle with the black
 man’s, and that the rights of the ons esnnot
 be violated without affecting those of the
 other.
 J. C. H.
 Brooklyn, L. 1., Feb. 29, ’4B.
West Winfield, Feb. 2, 1848,
 If Dear Friend Doclass ln your account
 of the meeting in our place, you refer to my
 remarks, and I think you did not fully under
 stand me. You will recollect that the meet
 ing took a different turn from what many
 had anticipated, and that a desultory discus
 sion was for some time carried on between
 our Disunion and Liberty Party friends, on the
 character of the U. S. Constitution, and that
 I stated that my views did not agree with ei
 ther of them that I belived that there were
 some offices that an honest man could nor
 accept of, and others that he could. I staled
 that I believed an oath was to be judged of
 by the obligations a person taking ike oath,
 thereby took upon himself; that the obliga
 tions were to be ascertained by the expressed
 requirements (of the government or people)
 of the person qualifying. 1 contended that a
 qualified asscsser of the town of Winfield did
 not take upon himself, by the qualifying oath,
 any mote obligation to go and put down a
 slave insurrection, than rested upon him be
 fore he was so qualified and that the powers
 that be, so acknowledged it, by the absence of
 all special requirement on such person to do
 such act. I stated that if S. S. Foster resi
 ded in Winfield, and aeall was alike made on.
 him and an assessor to go and help put down
 an insurrection of the slaves, and should,
 both refuse to go, for aught 1 knew, the pow
 ers that be might chain them together, and
 force them where they were ordered; but
 that I knew no law that would inflict one-half
 a hair’s weight of punishment upon the as
 sessor, for such refusal, than upon friend
 Foster; and for the reason that tb« powers
 that be had never considered that they had
 placed suit! assessor under special obligation
 to go, or that he had placed himself usds*
 any special obligations by his oath to go. 1
 stated Umt mere assertions that yoti have
 •worn to go, and that the oath meane so and
 so, were mere assertions that aa oath was to
 be judged of the world over by the obligations
 thereby incurred, and that the governments
 wove not slow to define what the obligation
 vested on thoee qualifying were, by expressed
 requirements. 1 stated that the State of
 Massachusetts had forbidden her State offi
 cers, under point and penalties, from obstruct
 ing the Sight or arrest of the fugitive on our
 ami, which few, I am informed, was passed
 S accordance with ths deeitemi of the U. 8. S.
 Lowt, in ths Pngg csss. Now I believe
 that we were badly cheated when our fathers
 mode the eeretitotienal bargain, and that sla
 very has takes, and can taka away, comtitu
 tkmally, many of onr rights. But for Uua
 I do not wish to give up other rights, unless
 it ha shown plainly, and not by mere amer
 tisn, that it aa wrung to enjoy them. I iovo
 hhertj more than thin Union, and if slavery
 •fl oontmas to lire and gam strength from
 k, Ihs aaonar kis dissolved the better. Bull
 rery remit dotefc if this result will be obtained
 i ths aaanar by onr giving ap righto and pmi
 leges, the enjoyment of which dot*
