Pottry.
f THE NORTH ST**
 »f am a. w****** 10
 riMHi hemt****
 Ferwer pnmiMg
 btJr $o k«B»wJ
 riM tefn** «P hte «J»
 T 9 w ytrt iky Kfh
 TlnC Headv, calm, iwchwiftef I «ht,
 lV*«fh drvwry wiM&gt; and hack levs dells,
 Ihrveu kit iwy **f» aright
 To the bright Wed trber* Frwedom dwell*.
 And fmdt, wii sympathising brew*.
 Her «f over the oppressed.
 Though othtr tint* may round thee I emu
 Wink larger dink uni brighter my.
 And tm gurnet* round thee tmm.
 While tnOliuo. mark their biasing way,
 And the pale moo* *nd plnane bright
 Reflect on u* their tihen light.
 Not like that moon, now dark, now lWight,
 lm pk **e and place forever changing;
 iJr planet* with refected light,
 Or comet* through the heavens ranging;
 They all neem varying to our view.
 Whilst thon art ever fixed and true.
 "So may that other bright North Star,
 Beaming with troth and Freadom’* light,
 Pierce with iu cheering r ay atar
 Tbe shade* of Slavery gloomy night*
 And may it never ceaae to be
 The guard of Truth and Liberty.
 THF. WORTH OF HOIKS*
 RT R. N. MILNCS.
 Believe'not that your inner eye
 f'an in juat measure try
 l he worth of hours as they go by
 Foreverj man’s weak self, alas!
 -Makes him to see them, while they pass,
 As through a dim or tinted glaas.
 But if Jo earnest cawe you would
 Hate out to each iu part df good.
 Trust rather to your aAer^mood.
 Tboae surely aie sot fairly spent,
 That leave your apirit bowed and bent
 la sad unrest and 111-content;
 And'more though, free from seeming harm,
 You rest from toil of’mind or arm.
 Or alow retire from Pleasure’s charm
 If then a painful sense comae on
 Of aomething wholly lost and gone,
 Vainly enjoyed, or vainly dooe;
 Of something from your being’s chain
 Broke oIT, nor to be linked again
 By all mere Memory can retain;
 Upon your heart this truth may rite
 Nothing that altogether dies
 Suffice* Man’s just destinies.
 So should we live, that every hour
 May die,,a% dies the natural flowai,
 A aalf-reviving tiling of power;
 That every thought and evu v Jaed
 May bold within itself the seed
 Of future good and future meed;
 Esteeming Sorrow, whose employ
 1* l &lt;&gt;jkvebpVnot destroy,
 Far Dettei than a barren joy.
 WHAT IS NOBLE*
 Charles.swami- ZBSTJr-
 W hat is noble? to inherit
 Wealth, estate and proud decree
 I here must be some other merit
 Higher yet thin these for aw!—.
 Soiagl&amp;ing graver tar must enter
 Into iife’s majestic span;
 Fitted to create and center
 Tree nobility in man f
 What is noble? ’tis the fine;
 Portion of our mind aud heart,
 Linked to something still divinet
 Than mere language cau impart
 Evei jttompung—ever seeing
 Some improvement yet to plan;
 To uplift our fellow-being—
 And, like man, to feel for man’
 What is noble? is the sabre
 Nobler than the liumbla spade;
 Therein a dignity iu labor
 Truer than a’er Pomp arrayed’
 He who aaak* the mind’s improvement
 Aid* the world—in aiding mind*
 Every great commanding movement
 Serves not one—but all mankind
 O er die Forge’s heat and ashes—
 O’er the Engine’s iron bead—
 Where the rapid siiuttie dashes
 And die spindle whirls iu thread.
 There is Labor lowly tending
 Each requirement of the bom
 There is genius still extending
 Science—and its world ol power*
 Mid the dust, and speed, and clamofe
 Of the ,oin-shed and the mill;
 Mid die clink of wheel ami hammer
 Oreat results are growing still!
 1 ashion’s creatine-
 Work and workers may I* Mamed
 in;mere* need not bide leaiure.
 Industry it not ashamed 1
 What,» noble that which piac*t
 Trotli m its enfranchised will’
 1 feting steps— hke aagcUtmcßs
 That mankind may follow still 1
 k aw though Scorn’s malignant ftanre,
 Preve liia yme of hi* r!*n,
 the JMtefi who a,ly Mints
 Frenter*.. awd the r-uaaof Man
 'NUIEM OF THE FEti
 i Jews a i »viu
 ,N *fe Umat it that ys
 M tea** awd lit*
 Mthte* 'mu aon sent, a el***
 Al« haa #n4 is a i
 if tei not loa. ,oa a,*,*
 Wlm it work* •«oti M
 Ate nte tei.. JJjJJj
 -orthf to In o**.,
 Momso’wU do, fefe,i*.,
 -.1
 s IWWI **«M
 a nto ee at* it i,,,
 4te*SS*Mfe a.
 I* Wat I tea .tom ton t*
 Ie« era In* «m mmm fee* a.
 Am tstfh «eiei* isott sm*
 siM fete
 A n I ,ws«ta*n e»• fe&lt;
 Awn tS he o» to
 tea om mw **w«te
 Ac* are IU'AS Who Mil tel sbw'W
 tlfefcfcg, sod Abuse
 tea* ,n 4 tee slink
 F;ufe tte used* u :st m,
 *u dare s ilt
 In toe r.f'jp
w
 gjjr k g? a A# fSJ
 •Y*»*erkn«#*«)r people lockj’
 it Qtorn Awlrtti and liii tAi °b
 •erred Mrs. Henderson om ermine to
 her husband in a tone which bordered
 strongly on com plaint.
 “Whit bee happened to them now,
 Sophie!" inquired he, suspending h»
 pen, end looking up with stronger
 lenee of interest in hie wife** fee lime,
 however, thin in hii neighbor*! for
 tune*.
 “Have you not heard, Phillip, that
 a cousin of hii hai died in India, and
 led six or wren thousand pounds?
 Only think of receiving such a legacy
 from a person one has never men, and
 scarcely ever heard of!"
 “I am glad to hear it," replied Mr.
 Henderaon. “One may congratulate
 him on hia accession of wealth with
 out fear of giving rite to painful re
 grets. Six thousand pounds would no
 console one for the lons of a very dear
 friend."
 “Six thousand pound* would be ver„
 pleasant to inherit, Phillip/' re pi it &lt;T
 the lady in a tone which seemed to
 imply thst it would cossole her for a
 great deal. “I wish somebody would
 leave as much for you: how happy it
 would make us!"
 “I am not so sure of that; such an
 addition to our income might possibly
 make us nsither happier nor richer
 than we are at present."
 Not richer! Why, Phillip, you are
 jo* ng. Would not three hundred a
 year—make us a great deal richer?
 What an advantage it would be!"
 “What do you need, Sophia, that
 ►you do not at present possess, tbat you
 i are ao extremely desirous of a larger
 income?”
 “Oh, a dozen things at least: we
 would put Edward to a first-rate school,
 and have a capital governess for the
 {Others. What a pleasure that would
 be! I should be no more tied to teach
 ing, as I am now, but should be as in
 dependent of the nurser as Mrs. An
 drews; and then, perhaps, you would
 :ndulge me with a week in London; and
 lam dying to hear an opera? I am
 sure you could afford that for once in
 a way."
 “1 hope we shall manage to send
 Edward to a good school, my dear,"
 said her husband rather gravely;
 j “though, as to tuition of the girls, I
 think you must still be contented to act
 the part of a mother towards them.
 And permit me to say, tbat I trust your
 desire of going to London is as visiona
 ry as your expectation of a legacy.
 \our happiness does not depend on
 either event, I should imagine; certain
 ly not so much as on the cultivation of
 a cheerful and contented spirit, such
 as you have always hitherto exhibit
 ed."
 No more was said on the subject,
 &lt;and Mr. Henderson trusted that, as
 the first excitement of this intelligence
 subsided, his wife’s inclination to dis
 content would likewise die away, and
 Jhal she would gradually resume the
 use of'her reason and her habits of ac
 tive usefulness.
 The inheritor of this unexpected
 legacy, meantime did not view the affaii
 |Hi tk* k&gt;ipkl lk»i Jncted Mr*
 Henderson. On the contrary, he hac
 many and serious thoughts on the sub
 ject. He was at the first moment, it is
 true, much pleased with the sudder
 accession of property, hut when he
 came to consider the matter, he experi
 enced a great revulsion of feeling; and
 he began to doubt whether he was sc
 lucky a man as his acquaintance uni
 versally denominated him. It was,
 after all, so small a sum—only six
 thousand pounds—it would hardly add
 to his income or increase bis credit.
 Why had it not been ten thousand?
 He would, he thought, have been quite
 satisfied with that that would have
 been a handsome legacy, a something
 worth talking about, a gift to be
 grateful for. Peniaps, had it been
 ten thousand, he might have risen a
 step in the world, and from senior
 clerk of the extensive firm to which he
 belonged, he might have been admit
 ted as partner, a change which he ar
 dently desired. Why could not his
 cousin have made his legacy larger?
 HoW provoking that, either from want
 of interest in hih welfare, or from any
 other cause, he had stopped short of a
 sum which would certainly have pro
 cured him, as he imagined, perfect
 happiness.
 The gloom which overspread his
 brow was not unmarked by his affec
 tionate wife; and supposing that he
 was over-wearied with his work, and
 standing in deed of relaxation, she one
 day proposed tbat he should beg a short
 holiday from the office, and spend it
 with them at the sea-side.
 “I cannot afford any such extrava
 gant pleasures/' tth» reply, some
 what impatiently ta her suggestion
 “1 thought this legacy you have re
 ceived would have enabled you?" she
 replied rather timidly—then paused.
 Legacy!" repeated ha; “I am
 sick of the legacy. After all the con
 gratulations with which I am pestered,
 as if 1 had inherited half the Indies,
 to be ownei of only sia thousand
 poundsis 100 bad'”
 'Nay, dear (seorge, I cannot agree
 with you SIX thousand pound* in a
 large sum tor ue, and will make a meat
 lumiortable addition to our income I
 am sura I feel grateful lot it
 Grateful—pooh' IfflCdward lievie
 wished me tt. a* grelefel, ha should
 beta left am somslTuag Mh naming
 vpow my word I we* ••named SM n
 this leges* wbi h has mada mueh
 e«*i*e a4yrs,» n. tnaand sound* 1
 •he* it,* alga* alber gfthnd me almul 1
 How rimpiiht u
 am*., wba RukW mn ull
 that teat •my yaai
 Itoi these tbiugs #l4
 .a n, end (f 4
 UTLtlriSSlL*** tophimn! 1
 •*m via*
 u **eooo* .e*e*oe*
 -r I *t f
 I He did am hi**.. ii
 •uafiimw,
 of atu.„
 •cause pa feel more than uauJL S
 j bairuaead with bujfes.s. .1
that is theOol) reason. Priy, far onan
 taka advice, and try if tka change
 of eceript and Kttle hohda* 1 propone
 would aira you roaevKd strength
 aad vigor for yoor work.** Ska spake
 m tka geatlant aad aid paeeaaaim ie&gt;
 cents, but tbay wera loa» aa a akd
 which I intoned only to tka whiapera of
 a newly-awakened avarice.
 Mr. Andrews, after pacing tka room
 for—onto minutes, seated himself again
 ky his wife, and triad to make her un
 derstand the ambitious projects he had
 formed, and tba great poaitioo he be
 lieved be had so narrowly missed. But
 •he was too clear-sighted and wall
 principled to encourage visionary pro
 jects, which tended only to diaqaiet tba
 mind, and prevent bis anjoying tka
 bleaaings which ware lawfully hie. To
 hu plan of laying by tka. whole of this
 addition to their incoma aka did not of
 course object, if it was to enable bar
 husband at some future time to retire
 from business; but his wish to become
 proprietor of the concern to which he
 belonged made her sigh, as aha thought
 of the increased responsibility he de
 sired for himself; ami aha dreaded lest
 the sudden passion for accumulation
 which bad now seised him, might lead
 him farther in the road of covetous
 ness than Be bad at all anticipated.
 But hit project was fixed, and be re
 solved at ail aventa to become posses
 sor of ten thousand pounds, a prelimi
 nary step as he imagined, to this great
 advancement; and seeing that she must
 subunit, she wisely submitted with
 good grace, ahd resigned her hopes of
 change of air for herself and children
 without a murmur.
 Mr. Andrews and Mr. Henderson
 were clerks in tha same concern; but
 the ormer, both in station and income,
 was considerably the senior, and Mrs.
 Henderson had long been accustomed
 to eye with something approaching to
 envy the superior comforts and even
 elegancies which Mrs. Andrews enjoy
 ed. Not that there was anything like
 ostentation in their manner of living;
 and in truth most of the indulgences
 which Mrs. Henderson commented on
 or coveted were purchased from the
 comfortable portion which Mrs. An
 drews had inherited of her lather.—lt
 was this which enabled them to send
 their eldest son to a superior school,
 and it was out of this fund that the ex
 cellent governess was paid, who shared
 with the mother the task of educating a
 numerous and increasing family. That
 people already possessed of so much
 should inherit more, seemed an unne
 cessary addition, and almost an unfair
 division of worldly goods, to the jeal
 ous apprehension of Mrs. Henderson.
 But had she known the truth, her envy
 mußt have subsided into pity. From
 the possession of that fatal legacy was
 the wife iorced to date a melancholy
 and most distressing alteration in bet
 husband: his whole nature seemed
 changed, every honorable, generous,
 and even affectionate feeling, appeared
 smothered in a passion for gain.
 Quickly to accumulate the desired cap
 ital was his thought by day, hia dream
 by night; and to accelerate that object,
 he tried in every possible way to cur
 tail all expenses not strictly unavoida
 ble. Gradually, but surely, Mrs. An
 drews found herself deprived of numer
 ous trifles which her delicate health
 seemed to require; their household was
 OimmrsTie-o, woscnptions to charities
 withdrawn, their pleasant and commo
 dious house exchanged for a cheaper
 abode in a iess healthy situation; and
 when il appeared that it was of too
 contracted dimensions to receive them
 all, she was told that she must there
 fore give up the governess. By de
 grees the whole expenses of the house
 hold were reduced to the sum which
 was in truth her own, and her husband
 was not to be prevailed on to extend
 its limits or allow her to touch his sala
 ry. Had honor, jionesty, or prudence
 dictated this proceeding, Mrs. Andrews
 would have submitted without a re
 monstrance; her zeal in economy
 would even have exceed his; but to
 feel herself and children deprived of
 those advantages to which they had
 been accustomed from birth, only to
 gratify a fatally-increasing disease of
 her husband's mind, was bitter. But
 bittterer far was the loss of his affec
 tion and confidence—the painful cold
 ness which had insensibly grown up
 between them. It was after a few years
 of such a system that a new prospect
 was suddenly opened, in an offer of!
 partnership from another and a rival
 house. The prospect was alluring in
 every respect, the concern was sup
 posed to be peculiarly flourishing, and
 the terms in which it was made were
 as flattering as they were advantage
 ous. Eagerly was the proposal grasp
 ed by Mr. Andrews, it being superior
 to his hopes, and much beyond his ex
 pectations; and the impartant step was
 taken which raised him from servitude
 to a master’s place.
 The vacancy this change occasioned
 was offered ioMr. Henderson, aad by
 turn thankfully and gratefully accept
 •eiJ; but his wife, though now raised to
 the situation wtuah ska bad long!
 courted, found it kf no moans replete
 with all the advantages she bad been
 accustomed to ascribe to it, aod she
 sighed as she reflected how little pio
 bable it was that any legacy would
 ever bestow oa them' tba happiness
 which eke beltaead Mrs Andrews te
 •W s*tiaflad with kia own ad veered
 powtion, bar husband paid Intis regard
 to her murmurs, tor be was now ena
 bled to procure lor km children such
 tthJfiitionttJ idtifitftftfi m
 ko aunaidarad useful at desirable, aod
 ka pursued hie daily avaeekaa web m
 ereseed attention aad aatodkation m
 apite af tba reiteaaa—a of bia
 whom ka van*l» triad ia igapm with a
 libs «notaoted spirit by rauitwdiag bar
 mf tba supanoi «-l-antaae&gt; tka? an# 1
 •«f«ted to iket# »dk waUk tkay e#m
 waaaad lift 4 unfit flitaaa tale Mrs i
 tadraae miad would tftar raadarad
 U «*g Mssek »«vk Of
 4- Sena amen eonatMl b»* 1
 a* way mktgy than keft* i
 SriMi Mg I
 I mo—a |aeaopii
 •ruoa*. and grant a—.Mwia.h
 Mr. dmaruee could ait, Itui
 tba taw t, avoid ftekor tea- digre ot
 as?
 ,h ir «msC Z
 16 uabouoltl tro- i
 II.H JjJj.
 ui „d rtß rkT,.4l!
tIM vnry opposite foible of George Afr
 dteoro; encouraging his prejudice, eaqjy
 mghu strength of mind, mod aaymgthM
 if atfii—tonens allowed it, thny would
 certainly potato his forasie
 coagratuMKooa be received with a tri
 umphant smile, which seemed to apeak
 at oooe hie owe telf-approval. and hla
 cootenpt for bis weak-minded com pan
 _ c
 Unwilling asfht was to judge any
 one bansUy, the wife could not thiok
 favorably of those who thus fostered a
 weakness, or rather a vice, so com
 pletely at variance widi his best inter
 ests and the happiness of all connected
 with him. She /sored the flatterers,
 though unable to divioo their motives;
 apd being now more then ever deprived
 ef her husband’s society, the occupied
 herself solely in directing her house
 hold, end giving her children the best
 education in her power. She imagin
 ed that her husband must long ago
 have realised the sum of ten thousand
 pounds, which he asserted would be
 the extent of bis.ambition; yet she saw
 no svmpton of relaxation ih his avarici
 ous habits, no improvement to herself
 in her new rotation. All was grasp
 ing, grinding economy, reodered more
 bitter by the contrast which her hus
 band’s coroMoions exhibited.
 But uUfflng and complete termi
 nation wwfat length put to their trials
 and sorrows, for it suddenly became
 known that the two senior partners in
 the business had fled, taking with them
 every pound on which they could lay
 their grasp, and leaving the whole con
 cern in estate of complete ruin. Debts
 to an enormous amount appeared due
 on every side, and it was evident that
 the business had long been on the verge
 of bankruptcy, which had only been
 kept off for brief period by the capi
 tal Andrewa brought them.—Of course,
 though clear of their guilt, he was in
 volved in their ruin, and at one blow
 the labors of the last six years were
 destroyed, and the money on which he
 had set his heart was swept away for
 ever. The legacy, the source alike of
 pleasure and of pain, wai now become
 as if it had never been; and the vafn
 desires and ardent hopes which had
 been founded on it, had proved vanity
 of vanities. But k was a happy blow
 for him: he awoke as from a dream,
 and with the demolition of his ambiti
 ous projects, there came other and bet
 ter plans and feelings. After honestly
 giving up every farthing he possessed
 to his creditors, he looked around for
 employment to provide bread for his
 family; nor did he seek in vain. A
 situation was once more offered him
 in Mr. Walker’s house, and here he
 began the world again as at first.
 “Well," said Mr. Anderson to his
 wife, “1 agree with you in thinking
 Andrews a very fortunate man. It is
 true that he has lost the legacy, but he
 has gained a lesson which he will pro
 bably never forget. And when J seo
 him now so quietly pursuing his busi
 ness, and his wife with a contented, or
 rather a happy look, 1 must class him
 among the most happy men of roy ac
 quaintance."
 INDIAN JUGGLERS.
 One of the men,taking a large earthen
 vessel, with a capacious mouth, filled it
 with water, and turned it upside
 down,when aft the wafoF flowed out:
 but the moment it was placed with the
 mouth upwards it became full. He then
 emptied it, allowing any one to inspect it
 who chose This being done, he de
 sired that one of the party would fill it;
 his request whs obeyed; still, when he
 reversed the jar,not a drop of water
 flowed—and upon turning it, to our as
 tonishment, it was empty.
 I examined the jar carefully when
 empty, but detected nothing which
 could lead to a discovery ofthe mystery
 I was allowed to retain and fill it my
 self; still, upon taking it up, all was
 void within,yet the ground around it was
 perfectly dry, so that how the water had
 disappeared and whgre it had been con
 veyed, were problems which none of us
 was able to expound. The vessel em
 ployed by the jugglers on this occasion
 was the common earthenware of the
 country, very roughly made; and, in or
 der to convince us that it bad not been
 especially constructed for the purpose
 of aiding his clever deceptions, he per
 mitted it to be broken in our presence;
 the fragments were then handed round
 inspection of his highness %nd the
 party present with him
 The next thing that engaged our atten
 tion, was a feat of dexterity altogether
 astonishing. A woman, the upper
 part of whose body was entirely uncov
 ered, presented herself to our no
 tice, and taking a bamboo twenty feet
 high, placed it upright on a flat stone,
 and then, without any support, climbed
 to the top of it with surprising activity.
 Having done this, she stood upon one
 on the point of the bamboo, balancing
 it all the while. Hound her waist she
 had a girdle, to which was fixed so iron
 socket: springing from her upright po
 sition on ths bamboo, she threw Her
 self horizontally forward with such ex
 act precision, that the top ofthe p*le
 entered the socket of the iron ion**,
 and ia this position she spun hers. If
 round with s velocity which made me
 giddy to look at— ilia bamboo all il.a
 whtla appearing as if U asra support* d
 by nm supernatural agency. She
 turned bar l*g| backward, till the be. la
 tan chad the shoulders, aad, grasp, g
 ths tables in bar hands, continued h r
 rot aliens as rapidly that the outline if
 her bade was entirely lust is Ha
 aye, and aha looked Mbs a revet*, g
 hall Having performed several oil. r
 font# equally aatraordinarv, ike 4
 dawn the steam shaft, and, intstoi 4
 5» aw, chia J
 »upon!*. pc,
 a a dtffeei* with i
 apahratmn uf sa« eras a
 Mmiy a tana no manna p
 pass* tti eg a her parent!, whies t
 denetad* was *N ages** *hm «ae rt
 &gt;elg*tanaeepsosf«fh«c lihamhty wh
 bewnvsf threw bar a fow rapes* w. a
 •hath Ah as passed pesdbeMv set
 hs4 dhtsmud foianai
 imrui Urn Titrnc Tr.g
 House of Representative! of Gecry i
 have paused t) *hc strong vote of 13
 to 39, a b.II to repeal the l«w laying
 reptrictiens oa the introduction of slaves
 udo that Scats.
3ltoertioemente.
 mtnuMmiVim cm.,
 T2?S?S|SSrSS
 ttoyriw* and i**timoayof
 —l
 •■fi’prKOctl experience as i Dia*«w*‘sa and Hr
 jramuitt, the uadersiraed ■will W* rtprw tht
 SSL *c 2*
 teach. U. Thai ike bomaa hodjr, w
 condition, h ia a pttttnrt Atetncml Matt. U. That
 there are electrical entuauuae freak the a*icier
 ■arfece, indicative of health, or the nature aad
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That kt all caaae mban
 the wrist, unapmh, «r Usage, are ta aa ekctro-poti*
 dee eute, (%a disturbed.) there u hope of a
 care; but abatf^E—rta of the body attaded to are
 in the dectreHMpH* Mate. Hydropathy can afford
 ho relief.
 Had not ihe-teedkeof hi* practice already con
 rinaed the puidic of the principles
 fry which ft*r*&amp;odersifoed is governed, in detecting
 the mttare aad symptoms of diteaee, the recent phi
 losophical aad adeaiiftc deaweetratioa of tWr cor
 rectness, by •Professor Means,of Georgia, aad Mr.
 Hammer,-of England, and the facts aad cnrroborm
 tire teedfaony adduced by I&gt;r. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 «nd others, should be sufficient to ronviuc* the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success is a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropaUde Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom ha has had the
 pleasure u» relieve or their complaints, Um under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford turn an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his srr final and pkdottfhtcal method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveaieutly
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rootns, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of hatha, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other eatab
 liehment in this country. A new and commodious
 j building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 50
 to GO patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords no agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to alkiw die pa
 tients to enjoy Uieir rambles without being exposed
 i to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are iieadarlie, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bronl
 chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spina
 1 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 1 neuralgia, sciatica, hune limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish Uiemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three.cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $5 50 to
 88 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 with room-mate, 96,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, 98 60—with room-mate, 85 60.
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at borne, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from 82 00 to 85 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar encloeed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should beparticular in stating tlieii last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES
 Northampton, Matt., 1849.
 NB- Visitors to the Establishment, from die
 east, west, or south, can take die cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Spriigfield. Carriages will
 •j always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 j in the evening train are requested to take lodgings
 j at a Lotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so Uiat
 out of 556 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,'* 822 indicated
 1 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues."
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annuai session, Nov.
 1817, by A. Means, A j( M.b I‘iobjjor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 i Science in Emory College, Ga., page 26
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 j dilion and function of (be skin, says: "Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease in w hich the func
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 j investigation of diseases. 'Physiology
 j teaches us that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 of the system a large amount of matter, aa well solid
 as iiatud; aad practical experience exhibits it asi
 the channel through which (he maitntt math io j
 many instances, and the burtiieu of plethora gene
 rally, fctf their exit."
 i The Eondon Sun, alluding to the discovery of 1
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Smee, Surgeon to' the
 1 Bank of England, says: By a test which he term,
 electro-voltaic, he has satisfied himself tbit the ter-!
 mi nations of the sensor nerve* are positive poles of
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is the
 negative pole. The seosor nerves are the telegraphs
 which carry the sensation to the brain, and the motor
 nerves curry hack the volition to the muscles." Sec
 -V. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Holtick, on the sulject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no agent that affects the body more, both
 naturally and artificially." See his work on Neu
 ropathy, published in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127.
 7"he following extract is from an interfacing arti-i
 cle on electricity, copied by the N. Y. Journal of&gt;
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific Leviowi ‘*l
 do jut pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur fit one part of the human body, and
 aa excess in some other pert, for a tune, and that!
 this nuw not be the cause of disease, and the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I think this most
 likely, and that it is utv'n this principle, iu a
 measure, that the wonderful effects of electromag
 netism, iu the cure of disease, are to be explained.
 It is ce-t-iui that, when our electrical machines an
 mow on r*ly pmCnr e j we a!! fe-j! milt T’gC.'iUZ, I
 Oar aarvone system* are thee must firm; oar diges
 tive organs most active; oar minds most clear-"
 isjliißi for the Sick.
 DK. HAMILTON*B Hydropathic aad Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange fkraet, opposite me
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester/N.Y This Yoem-tiou
 m oow flrmlv -tlnMiMwi* sad ia ITS—if*l opera
 live. The proprietor aaahrsoo every dtooa r hat is
 idmiMart there, and applies tie natural and appro-
 'J**** '•■•hy- AMkuagt water ie eead every way 1
 ■wjffiflhiahf wattr-rore Mi*—ll is
 l osted *—e. yet An prepniinr wishes u w he
 "wpr*—? •‘“I" 1 jf*"* l k l
 ■frfi Mi h*s nos*
 rata g— ahti— MOSM h Ja—nand fw Uml thu «,f
 tailed hi—m their Mekhby asl
 |l—, J
 St I mJ m 'S .«#e* s M
 i Aea—ali ar, e*aa taa feahla m
 l *1 5 aftua 10
 1 ‘he Side. ■la&lt;a*i w e. uZh if mm
a— Ihnl E*mn»f
 Es£*2wEee, Cold
 fultai Haads, (k. Aatboary’s Dunce, Tetter* trt
 Mew, w «t§ wmh (mm, .N- «f 4l
 ■fefoTie onlHnnt Rheumatism. Cwosuroptiod in
 £V*t Weakre« imi lfcbil
 We proprietor has gtraa hi* whole suenturr. to
 lM**w for «b» bet i ;ears, a»:i h»#
 I WMd ten in M Wliflh different way fhn any
 yprivate practice rr puMic laititiuwh tku
 jaofeotry; aad such has l*en bn success, and no ett-
 Oun we hi* remedies in the.r effect* on three d»*.
 toaas, tbit instead of publishing 1 br&gt;| list of nr&gt;
 tified runs., be wishes to rim that class of mm'id*
 writing to obtain their Health a *nft*c«*nt ganrantet
 «f»&gt;n»t any false pretencroos, exaggeration, itupo
 ll tiem or deception, ao that ao oee need be to ary
 expease hi thi* Institution wit beet being benefited
 The pCaprietor will enter into a speeiai contrac.
 with aaj awe vrha wishap to do ao, that be will ad
 mit into dm lastitation, to advance the money aar
 E all the wpwm from any part of Ik United
 Ha here aad back beam agnin, before be com
 meeru the treatment, aad five a bond to board taem,
 toaethet with Hie professional services, for nothing,
 if he doee not help them acoordiag to contract. Any
 ana thinking dm above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against uusi»f»e*&lt;'i&gt;uuoas and expenst
 without reeeiviageaual benefit, can let thttprepne
 tor know what wiL be sauafeccory, and it Anil bt
 dulveo; siderwd.
 This Institution bar grown up from private prac
 tloa by the ioffnence of those who lmve bean helper
 beta, aa aothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel
 by its own meriu, or pay tha expense of tboee wh&lt;
 nhnnan m make a tent 1 act m case of failure. Th&lt;
 design of ibis Circular is not to nuke known ;fc&lt;
 carts that have bean made in Uu* lusitTuuon, becaux
 they most soon be believed, but &lt;0 let it be moi
 nuenaively known to the poor suner.ng invalid!
 i that liave spent hundredi of dollars in trying *1
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and atill remain confined to their beds froii
 five to twenty years, that theit is an Itutinitinr
 whose treat men 1 is different from any other one th&lt;
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 ■itoation, and car, have it cost them nr-thing unte*.
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this institution
 the number ofpatients must be limited, therefoie Uk
 proprietor does not solicit die patronage of slight auc
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped I y &lt;nhei
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one tc
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are wilting
 1 to be nude well euough to walk from five to twenty
 1 miles at a time, and follow it up day utter day n
 succession; and also willing to be made able to"#n
 dura as much labor and fatigue as most of peoplt
 that call themselves well, ns he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatmenl
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, armnejs. 0!
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws cf organized matter, tin:
 1 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 1 HAMILTON 1 Rochester, pest paid, will receive
 immediate alien lion. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
 Halsted’s Eclectic .Hedical Institute;
 and Water-Cure Establishment,
 r PHIS Institution has been in successful opera tier
 1 during fourteen years, for thecureof ah Chronic
 Diseases, and such "as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and useful uesi
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could uot find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theii
 beds for years, and who were almost in desnair
 1 have bad renewed hope aud courage w hen they nave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 1 treatment after everything else had failed.
 1 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi elmost all othet
 1 diseases, with their accompaniments—aa DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE CF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRII c, PAR
 'j TIAL I?»SaNITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 1 1 NESS, which tney nor their ph; sicians understand
 and which medicine alone will uot cure—to sujl
 sufferers we would say, we are curiug hundreds i
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wiv
 &gt;j and children to have them cured—why not cou
 yourselves, and save life, time aud money
 1 1 We nre using water in all the various ways ii
 11 which it is applied in water-cure establishments"; yc
 1! we do not reiy selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 1 1 COMBINED TRtATMEJT WITH El t CTRICITY,
 j and anew mode of application which truly is mayi
 i oat in Its efficacy, anu is a'ways sure to cure lr. one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 11 allowing that treatment tc be successful, which is no;
 j the case one time in ten.
 -j Fixxle Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorriiea, [whites] suppressed ar.a
 f| excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 11 that period known as the 1 turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians arq wj IHI3
 j to acknowledge, especially wiihin their ou a practice
 1 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of belp
 f 1 iessness and pain, wnnn a few weeks’ or at most a
 j few months’treatmeut, would remove their difficulties
 ft and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tlie
 happiness of others. 'i’his has never failed to be
 j accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the pa tie ut may have
 11 been on entering it. Many harve come hundreds of
 miies on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who hud not walked for years. These
 I buttes have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 I Such is our knowledge and confidt.net in that unpar
 I alelltd treatment for all long standing or Chrome dit
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that me will oft, the
 following
 PROPOSITION
 Wt well enter into a special written agreement \mth
 tuck at denrt U, who enter the Institution, follow the
 ndo and regulations, and go through the system, cf
 treatment, to pay their traielimg expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodgmtnd nurse them, and
 give them our proftmvmc. services, free of charge, it
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empiricism from
 those interested in keeping patterns under their own
 charge, and wiß be a guarantee to those v ein out
 by disease, who liave spent much of t&amp;eir aucstmce
 nt procurtug medicine, and teekn.j relief, without
 finding it; ffiat here they will not spend tneir money
 without benefit, aud tfo.t no Ulse statements or rm"-
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modut cperandi of curing Ftmalt dijfiru!t\*t is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The most helplest and fettle cates, who have been con
 *ned for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 sented from walking by OTHLE diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble m regard to their obigjsal dtf
 kutty. To product this almost mstentantous relief,
 the patient it subjected to no pain 9 mam umence. ana
 m every instance a speedy cure it performed If a
 one demote let them eeect the meat trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and teat our veracity and e/uii.
 Ow TERMS art taty.
 S. B—Any one wishing to know more shoe' r
 Msrnm u Uswiw-kiu for ucaa diseases or any ether
 dilailtycac xddreja ui [post jauiJ ws wifi,
 m account of the Jfoati.utio a—Certificate! 1
 of cure—official report of last.vear, Ac free ol
 chaige—tofttaer with the suns: reapactaae refer.
 •ocm in the city and coaatry. 1
 P ••—Our room is 1 its.led. u*r*fo r e wuiu
 none to appiy that can be cured at nome- We pride
 ourselves m cur mg what oths.-i are act feitucate
 soeagh to do
 _SU.UK! ee efo' reseed to Hal it t
 Halt. Med.«si L st.tu e. Rod ester, N Y posi
 peid.
 o F** ts-Mavof sod'
 Rev Q A Moatgumary, Rociesrei, 5 f
 la bbaVß
 THE HOME Ink id*
 JU*T Pi HI l&gt;Hl.r i *4* t. k
 foe every fsssily i« ihs twwi'M, *n uaetH**s«
 he reeaufeai -it Mtieet mis- u. u.
 ifoieases aWTHI HOfep f&gt; 1
 Hyiml. sympum. ead u»•
 ef tKaeaave «Hh an el tae sysuw. *mw
 Haeiih, rvieefiu t«eeen *4 u «t mre hi «i
 at.s.witinr; ti
 tSTSSt.Vfi ”1
 fife’l, —V. wtaevwf «h&lt;
 -fme #*«r tVfk.gfoM IZ
 s 'tun -ms.i manta, vsrwtie,
 uA.’iea' pecuani*, a.fo dsea«.
 m ai«
 •*rl* Md vrets ra«w«a. fc N
 The Meet, Risk ,s fis— eswt ail
 m aai Ws4«
 Tin 1,1
 u^aS. U *a»d h naaan. fofNfel
 «fi Ae &lt;ork; ala Ui r
 1 I
ffuok Ml Ueefi wrrtlea with great care.
 pfam, sreiple, ra—tife'iemm etjfe easily u&gt; he
 dersttiod by every persofiy aad fe a practical ahyti
 chui &gt;%«k.i a iltorcfoeh bourn. We caa recoaimsad
 it with entire confide ace, as being a work eupei.or
 Mwpeets to snv other Ufek of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Fasaitiee ia tfia tomntrj, tad repadafiy tboee hv
 iag it rarer c—tries aad unfoahire elimatae, ebroid
 aot fail to pvocare copy aad bsv. lt at al
 -j,■--w&gt; -w, w
 SteSitSTTS. ETTitit
 should be ia every home as a safe anc %Annm
 -a lime of seed, tha direeitew give* fcrL Tfci _ i
 Health eaanet be too strictly oneaded u-
 The price at which the beak is tnid is p, w thi|
 esdfy usmily may have a Otpy, awl aotw »h&lt;iald u*
 without it.
 Tlm book is pot op in Paper binding, a art e*a
 easily be eeat by nfeil- P'/«*jv only 6f cents to aov
 aart of the Uatfed f*t*tes
 gp Any persua eeadieg ao one dollar msd. tod
 pod fiajMfe pmugc on the leiier, hare ism
 copies seat him fee* of jmrnege.
 Scad ia y3ur order*#, there is u&gt; risk »a seed.se
 money by mail, it comes to aa daily, and the book*
 at*r.*ye reach th ir destiuarion.
 JP- Four families can dab togetffer tad won
 dollar bill, sad hare four hanks eeat to na« ad/re-s
 ANTED— Agents io most of the States u»
 th»s almost every family will perchess u if
 “IS f i l^ ,r A r BU l &lt;*P*Ul of from
 to S5O will be utcessary for recu sgent Adfoew
 postpaid, GEO \V FIS’JER
 April 1, IShfr ff Exchange -it. Rocbest* N
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY 0 i
 MEDICINE
 AS THI MOST
 •teuiirkaaie External iDßllcailea
 f Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experitace have hilly proved that ta.s
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY l*a not it* tquar
 on die list of popular rascirines, having beaa Mora
 the public for mc:e thaa fourteen years. Taatinx,
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won*
 &lt;ienul effects on the animal economy is almost deny
 presented to the proprietor. it is worthy of ape
 c&lt;al lemark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public genera ly, it has been suooetsfuily employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT the human race
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at toe
 assertion tiiat anv one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing man y diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established die fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal falsify Embrocation,
 will cure most saw. and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the curs of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oU.-
 I pretended reraed.es have completely (ailed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AR.
 factions, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers trom local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ot the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;c.
 Also a host of ditrasca
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 spavins,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gail* of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, bruises.
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lxmvtai
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet. Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 v-ents themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 of cui-es which in heinselves appear so remarkaWe
 ihat ’were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 t .ev could hardly have been crcditeyL,'
 t fhe cvkibHited Dr. Parker also wrrtes as folicwa:
 !)t! ,r &lt;ii I have prescribed your Oargl ng Oil in
 vai ..-us cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a limn ent, with marked success, and would cotr
 mend it to physicians generally fyr external use
 all contusions, tumors, sptatns, tHiirt swelling*,
 and in ail iheumatiu aftections, where external
 oeceasary. As a discucient. it is hanr
 es~ u,« icbnle symptom* have toeea reduce-1
 I by general treatment. In »u C cases, it is ilie tao
 cUicicni remedy within the circle af means uo-.v
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at larg**
 as a safe and powerful remedy where There is he
 general lever in all the above diseases, to be used
 ireely, and to counteract inflammation in a rcmarlc
 auic manner. In bruised hounds .t prevent* svw il
 and consequent soreness in Iwl wvaihei
 Trom the peculiar nature of I hi* Oil, and -ha
 unparalleled success it has met with n the bands of
 %Tr™* £R FA M£R STAGE PR*
 1 UK, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number oi medicines which have been offered,
 none have been v well adapted to the prompt euro
 of Diseases to which Horses at* liable; it has bc*c
 very jouly t alien a Complete Panacea for the He rs«.
 k or instance, read the loUnwing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES
 Tins .s to certify that I have had for many years ne
 care of from one bundled to t*o hundred ho’ ’f
 and have made use of Merchant’s Garglii* On f
 two veers pan, and caosaieiy say, that for al us
 tusca.es that horses are liable to, I never sav m
 «qual 1 use about one bottle per month,
 commend it to the public as the best medicim.
 hoises now m use. E D MLNQI
 A orhers audieased to the proprietor will oe
 promptly ir»ponded to.
 Get a pamphlet of tin? Agent, end us what v
 oevs are accomplished by the use of this medic;.*
 hohi by reapeetable dealer, generally n die i;l
 -tfc r*tau an.] f anada.
 .\	*°bv P«»t4 Wiuif.Wii. Pirxut.L tf
 swax, i.sstow 4 Yoowo, H D vVa*
 KocliCiter.
 JJ F Pander.™, Ok e
 laud. O.; C Dim? u !so n Coiumbes, U.; Got c
 li. ati, Cusctnaati, Q.; McChrrs 4Co Alia
 Ji ol4 p‘n U&gt; Crstnama bmith, I«-
 ca. P D 0r... is Co.Tioy.iS Y. July
 British Periodical Literature.
 TAs Lcnden Quantrly Fm**w, (As Edinburgh Jln..w
 Tht A jrlX linrrsA Jvwtcw, oW Wtstmtntiw R* •w,
 2nd Blacheood*t Eehnbtrgh Mt+*xtnt.
 r j HE wids-spraad hate of these splendid per
 X cals renders it osediess to say much in their p. sis.
 As literary organs, they tiauu tar in advanr. »i
 a yo.ing oi the sort new published, while the /m
 -teal complexion of each is meiked by a
 C-.ncof, and i*rbearaacc, not often found in A,
 of a party cbaiactei
 1 hey embrace the vrew. of O-e thine greet pa.
 13 L.igland—Tory, Whig, and Radical B:
 wooo aim uw Donajr lanane.iy era Tory;
 Edinbvrgh Review A big ami ia« Wseuu*
 •tar Review Radical. The North Brush Ju
 view It more of s raiigiouß chnrncttr, Uvtag he*
 or»g ia *!y edited by Br. ChnmMre, sod aow.em
 hi. death, leiag competed oy hr. soa-iadew.t’
 Hsmmg yaoctaud David Brewster V.
 kwr^rybisrweter is ot the very highest etder Ta.
 W Mimiastei, though repeated aw.sr that uue swj,
 is in kagiMd under the i.Us of Ihe I ns
 WU«j»i tfNfy »m W sevjbiMtet—a he&lt;ae ia h&lt; a
 tm.irn of the two Reviews formsiK republished a 4
 rtpr- Ud ooder seta, ait .tes ft U aa, them r«.
 the i&lt;y this eoi netms si eartihg It na
 *&lt;wh lafhssi fasMxree el noth as se&gt;et«os&lt;e .seo a
 he eheve Penw&lt;i4ili aseupnaied wsNpw
 &lt;••1*1.1 ‘s£* 4 ,a. gumis,
 *‘sg«s.ne, U.sg ao r» etewDef BmE4«*t.
 WltMlS
 Phneepvs 1888 Or •bfßftJtMfo* «*Ai.
 "T llNpsn.
 w “»*r 4e
 i r an tavv* a*
 LSLS.I.tISr-. is
 “*5 f#A* ma/* |W .«A t*
 &lt;1 ppf%t»
 A-. rjpv f hay *r at! Hk* shew wurks w&lt;-
 c»t tc 4ad 4ae» pay wa oi rar ragsku a-
 I Maw ii» a&lt;ag g&lt;aoe
 R4RLV C*H 'i
 .*nmhs dw ttm.n &gt;shumsr
 “Wf*-1 nns,tnm a»c e*e w m aatfy *hash
 f''** wmß* w *4»h ha as J** A
 MH &gt;sm4« 4 sefme*«hc
 x 'W b| t*w in*#.! !A«rtui the
 Jttt ii'W. Fur iMriMf) other eivtatug** k*
 1 «r »e fcrgc a
 V Cvapeded to reisr tha f**
 tj[.s "I ewt rapesi
