VOL. 111. NO. 5.
The NORTH STAR n paMMed ever)
 Friday, at If*. 35, BaCalo Street,|
 (Jpponit the Artnrlf.
 TERMS..;
 Two dollars par annum, always in No
 fuibacriptiou will be received for a *en« term iba.
 MX HWntlM. f
 A lveru#eineal* not exceeding ten times inserter
 three times for one dollar; every Muljeeqnent inser
 tion, twenty-llee rents.
 The object of the North Star will be to attack
 HI,AVERY in ail its forma aod aspedts; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exult the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 cnal improvement of the Colored pROri.F.; and
 haatmi the day or FREEDOM to the Three
 Mut-toss of our enslaved fellow ooontrytnen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 (0“ Alt communications rebuilt? to the business
 mature of the paper, names «tf subscribers, remit
 tances, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 99* Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Past office,
 the County, and the Stott. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited ibr money received.
 99* Any person sending in payment'for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have n fifth copy for one year,
 0* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R.l. Walleut, 21, Corofcill,
 (toston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut.—Jjor. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Ctine Smith, 93, West Broad
 my; Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 lettt Keese, Pent, Clinton County; J. F. PKu,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Atnarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim, SI, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bnstill, 149.
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm.
 '.Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveysborgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
Belt tt ions.
THIRTY-FIRST congress.
 FIRST SESSION.
 IN SENATE.
 SLAVEBY.
 Tbc Senste proceeded to the un
 finished business, being the resolutions
 from the General Assembly of the State
 of Vermont, which were presented on
 Wednesday last by Mr. Upham
 Mr. Chase. —lt was not my purpose,
 Mr. President, nor is it my purpose
 now, to go into any discussion upon this
 motion to print the resolutions from the
 State of Vermont. If I understand the
 general sentiments of Senators, there is
 a disposition to acquiesce in the motion
 to print, with very few dissenting voices.
 I rejoice, sir, for one, that the prece
 dent set in the case of Vermont, some
 ten years ago, is now to be reversed,
 and that the memorials and resolutions
 of the States of this Confederacy are to
 be received and taken in the ordinary
 course, no matter what may be the sub
 ject of those memorials or resolutions.
 I should be glad, sir, if I could state
 that thffre appeared to be a similar dis
 position in regard not merely to the me
 morials of sovereign States, but to the
 petitions of the sovereign people. But
 I understand, sir, that a practice pre
 vails here—and I must be permitted to
 say that, in my judgment, it is a prac
 tice “more honored in the breach than
 in the observance”—when a petition
 from individuals is presented, to move
 the question of reception upon it, aud
 to lay that question of reception upon
 the table. I trust, sir, that that prac
 tice will also be discontinued. For one,
 I accord entirely with the Senators from
 South Carolipa, when they say that it is
 better, far better for the people of this
 country, that they should understand
 distinctly what are the sentiments of the
 respective States, and not merely of the
 States, but of the people' who make the
 States, which compose this Confedera
 cy. Let it be understood what the po
 sitions upon all sides are; let us under
 stand each other distinctly, and then we
 shall have the best possible opportunity,
 when the positions upon all sides are
 clearly and distinctly understood, to
 compare those respective positions, and
 if possible arrive at an amicable solu
 tion of the difficulties that exist; but,
 sir, I may be permitted to say, that in
 my judgment the path to an amicable
 solution of the difficulty does not lie
 through criminations and recrimina
 tions; it does not lie through denuncia
 tions upon one side and upon the other
 side; and I inay be permitted to suggest
 to my friend, the Senator from Arkan
 sas, whether anything is to be gained in
 a comparison between the application
 of the terms “crime” and “criminals”
 on the one side, and the application ol
 the epithets “robber” and “assassin”
 upon the other? Sir, we gain nothing
 in this way. Let us define our posi
 tions with candor, with fairness, with
 clearness, and with precision, and then,
 understanding each other, we shall be
 able to determine what course becomes
 us as Senators, and what course it be
 comes the States ns sovereignties to
 pursue.
 Mr. President, I may be permitted to
 say, and I think it due to the State
 which I in part represent here to say,
 that Oo menace of disunion, no resolves
 tending towards disunion, no intimations
 of the probability disunion, in any
 form, will move us from the path which
 in our judgment it is due to ourselves
 and the people whom we represent, to
 pursue. Everything of that sort has
 lost Us terror; at least I trust it has. 1
 trust that no man hereafter is to be
 moved from the course which in hi*
 -judgment and his conscience »Hs due
 le the State and the people whom be
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OFJIO COLOR—
represents to pursue. I trust thot no
 mao is to be moved from that deliberate
 coarse by any threat, or by any resolve,
 from whatever quarter. I trust we shall
 pursue a path of rectitude with entire
 respect for all the people of all the
 States, and for every State of the whole
 Union. But having determined upon
 what that path shall be, I trust we shall
 not be deterred from pursuing U by any
 intimidation of any kind, or of this char
 acter particularly.
 Mr. President, we have had it intima
 ted in this debate, that the States of the
 South have had some reason to com
 plain of the course which has been pur
 sued. Now, sir, what is there in our
 past histo.y, or in our present history,
 which justifies that complaint Let it
 be calmly considered, deliberately con
 sidered, and then let me again press
 the inquiry, what is there in our past or
 present history to justify that complaint
 Have any States of the South, Mr.
 President, lacked their full proportion
 of all the honors of this Confederacy
 Have they not had their full proportion,
 at least, of all the power of this Confed
 eracy Do they not at this moment in
 this hall, and in the other hall, exercise
 all the power, to say the least of it,
 which to them legitimately belongs?—
 Why, sir, who presides in the other
 hall r How have your committees been
 consummated here? Under what influ
 ence have they been constituted, and
 with what purpose have the committees
 been constituted here? Have they not
 been so constituted, Mr. President, as
 to meet the claims, and the extremest
 claims, of the gentlemen who represent
 the Southern States of inis Union? Has
 it not been held here to be a disqualifi
 cation, as chairman of a committee, that
 the distinguished Senator, even of a
 clave State, should maintain, wbat, in
 his judgment, was due to the people of
 the whole Confederacy ih reference to
 this subject? And has it not been held
 also to be a disqualification to other
 Senators that they maintain sentiments
 which are common to the people of their
 entire States in reference to this ques
 tion of slavery Why, Mr. President,
 for my own part, I may be permitted to
 say, that in political sentiment I accord
 fully with that party which is known as
 the free Democracy of the United States
 —a party which is sometimes sectional,
 but which I trust wiU not remain forev
 er sectional, and which had, during the
 last canvass, if I may be permitted to
 allude to it, nnt merely friends in the
 pon-slaveholdiog States in this Union,
 but friends in many of the slaveholding
 States also—not organizations, but
 friends; and in some of the States or
 ganizations also.
 I will add further, sir, as it is known
 to be my position, that I stand ready
 and willing to co-operate with that par
 ty which is known as the Democracy of
 this country, whenever that party takes
 such ground on the subject of slavery
 as accords with the principles of the or
 dinance of 1787.
 Well, sir, now let us compare the
 positions held “with reference to this
 very question, which is exciting debate
 and attention here now. Do I under
 stand the Senators of the South as say
 ing that they are prepared to act with
 the Democracy of this country, if
 the Democracy of this country take
 ground in favor of freedom? Do they
 not make it the test of their adherence
 to the party, that the party shall respect
 what in their judgment are their legiti
 mate claims? Most unquestionably
 that test is made. Then, sir, is it not
 legitimate that a Senator, holding just
 as strongly opinions in favor of freedom
 as they hold in favor of slavery, that be
 should require that the party which is
 to command his co-operation and his
 suffrages should take the ground which
 in his judgment he can reconcile to his
 own conscience If it be so, Mr. Pres
 ident, in what position do we stand
 here? That tests may be made up on
 one side, without exclusion from the
 party’s confidence and the party’s re
 spect, but tests shall not be made on
 the other side, but if made in favor of
 freedom they shall be ground for such
 i exclusion.
 Well, Mr. President, I refer to this
 matter simply as showing that there is
 nothing to complain of, so far as this
 House, so far as the other House, so
 far as present arrangements are con
 cerned. What can be complained of in
 the future? What in expected? Why,
 sir, it is apprehended that the Congress
 of the United States may adopt the prin
 jciples of the ordinance of 1787, and
 concurred in by the unanimous assent
 of all the States represented in the Con
 gress of the Confederation, in their ap
 plication, not to territory which was
 l slave territory, as the territory north
 west of the river Ohio is claimed to be,
 I but territory which is now free. That
 is one of the grounds of apprehension,
 i Another ground of apprehension ia r tbat
 the Congress of the United States may
 determine in their judgment that it is
 proper to apply the principles of free
 dona; proper tu apply the principles ol
 law to the question of slavery in the
 District of Columbia; it is apprehended
 that the influence and power of this
 Government may be placed upon the
 side of freedom. Woll, air, what if it
 should be? Was that not the precise
 i object which was marked out by the
 framers of the Constitution? Was it
 i not the precise object which was mark
 i ed out by those who concurred in ea
 tabiiahing the ordinance of 1787? But
 we are told that if that crisis arises, it
 I must be met by the South. The Seua
 tor from South Carolina tells us be
 f trusts, in the event that Congress should
 adopt any measure of this east, that the
 i South will meet the crisis as it ought.
Well, sir, I must say that I concur m
 that hope. And how, Mr. President,
 ought such n crisis to be met? Ought
 it to be met in n spirit of disunion, or
 ought it to be met in tne spirit which
 governed the deliberations of those who
 framed the Constitution? Ought it to
 be met in the jpirit of those who framed
 the ordinance cf 1787? that spirit which
 was then universal in this country—the
 spirit which animated the breast of eve
 ry gentleman who had a seat in the
 Cong res* of the Confederation at that
 time.
 Mr President, 1 trust, for one—and
 it is all that I have to toy on this sub
 ject—that whenever this crisis arisip fit
 will be met in the spirit of the fathers
 of the republic; ana if it be so met, re
 ly upon it, Mr. President, there will be
 no cause for apprehension; but, on the
 contrary, the Union will be cemented,
 and the example of this Union will be
 made wbat the fathers of the republic
 designed it should be made, an example
 of freedom to the nations of the earth.
 Mr. Clemens next addressed the
 Senate at some length. The report of
 his remarks is deferred at his request.
 Mr. Hale.— I do not intend to occu
 py the time of the Senate but briefly;
 but, as matters of a private character
 wi“ require my absence from the Sen
 ate for a few days, I will say a few
 words in reference to some of the re
 marks made by the Senator from Alaba
 ma, [Mr. Clemens.] If he has done
 nothing else, be has at least, by bis re
 marks, convinced me of one fact, and
 that is, that “concession never satisfies
 fanaticism.” I wish every Senator frrm
 every iree State would take up that re
 mark as a text, and tell the timid, the
 doubtful, and the wavering, at the
 North, that concession never satisfies
 fanaticism. I thank the Senator for
 that. I hope the North will find it out.
 They have felt it ever since the adoption
 of the Constitution; but they do not
 seem to have practically learned it, al
 though they are beginning to do it.
 There was another remark made by
 the Senator which struck me as some
 what peculiar; aud I must say it grati
 fied me. There are many timid people
 at the North who have looked forward
 with excited nerves and trembling fears
 at the “wreck of matter and the crash
 of worlds,” which they have believed
 would be the result of the dissolution ol
 this Union. I think they will be ex
 ceedingly quiet now, when they find
 out that it has already taken place, and
 they did not know it, [laughter] for the
 honorable Senator from Alabama tells
 us it is already dissolved.
 If it is not a matter too serious for a
 pleasant illustration, let me give you
 one. Once in my life, in the capacity ol
 a justice of the peace—for 1 held that
 office before I was a Senator, [laugh
 ter] —I was called on to officiate in uni
 ting a couple in the bonds of matrimo
 ny. They came up, and I made short
 work of it. I asked the man if he would
 take the woman whom he held by the
 band to be hjs wedded wife; he replied,
 “to be aure I will; I came here to do
 that very thing.” I then put the ques
 tion to the lady whether she would have
 the man for her hdsband. And when
 she answered in the affirmative, I told
 them they were man and wife then.-
 She looked up with apparent astonish
 ment, and inquired, “Is that all?”
 “Yes,” said I, “that is all.” “Well,”
 said she, “it is not such a mighty affair
 as I expected it to be, after all.”—
 [Laughter.] If this Union is already
 dissolved, it has produced less commo
 tion in the act than 1 expected.
 The honorable Senator says that he
 speaks for the whole South. I remem
 ber once hearing a Senator say on this
 floor that there was not anybody here
 who had a right to speak for the whole
 South. It is a pretty large section of
 country, comprising fifteen States, and
 he would not recoguize the right of any
 one man to speak for fifteen States. 1
 do not claim the right to speak for the
 whole North, or any considerable part
 of it—only for a very small portion of
 it —but it lies a good ways north.
 And Fwant to say a word with regard
 to a remark which fell from the lips ol
 the honorable Senator which I have of
 ten heard before, but have never taken
 the trouble to answer here; and I would
 not attempt to answer it now for any ef
 fect it might have at home, but sitting
 in silence here and permitting this re
 mark to pass ijnanswered and unnoticed,
 it may be supposed that there is some
 justice in it.
 I The honorable Senator spoke of the
 mechanical population, the operatives
 in the factories of the northern States,
 as slaves; and it is not a new remark
 i here. I have heard it in private con
 vernations, and I have been very kind
 ly told by individuals who professed to
 have, and had no doubt a real and ear
 nest desire to give roa instruction on
 the subject, that our factory population
 would not bear a comparison, not only
 in the amount of physical and animal
 comfort they enjoyed,but in intelligence
 I and good breeding, with their southern
 i slaves. 1 have had that information
 given me by gentlemen, members of this
 body, in private conversation, and re
 i marks of that character, are eo frequent
 i ly made that it certainly becomes me,
 i living in one of the villages composed of
 thin population thus denounced and vil
 lified, to say a tingle word, not in vin
 dication, but in illustration of the char
 acter and position of that much misun
 derstood and misrepresented class of
 our population.
 And, sir, my honorable colleague sit
 ting on the other side of the Chamber,
 [Mr. Norris,] lived in a village
 constituted, end now mdse i n one of j
 the largest and most flourishing villages
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1850.
legrity in any I wish him to
 rise in his place and set the Senate right.
 The village in which I live has about a
 thousand female operatives employed hi
 manufacturing eßabltijfMaciifs. In that
 village there are, a* n» man/ other of
 thoee villages, bi snks for savings, and
 the amounts deposited there exceed
 $300,000; and Uiunkl will be justified
 in saying that more than oee-half of the
 whole sum is depend*)! kv these very
 “slaves” as they as» called. And who
 are they? They.ardyn a great meas
 sons living remote from the places
 where the factories are located; -and
 when poverty or disease, or death or
 misfortune, in any shape, visits the
 homesteads of these families; when pal
 sy seizes upon the frame of the aged
 or calamity in any form comes
 as a visitation from Providence, these
 young women, leaving their homes
 where they were born and nurtured,
 come down to these villages, and, by
 industry, economy, and prudence, gen
 erally succeed in making quiet, and
 happy, and comfortable, the declining
 years of those parents they have left
 behind. I will do them the credit here
 to say, that I do not' believe, search the
 country through, from the Aroostook to
 our southern boundary, that you can
 find in any class of society, (I do not
 care who they are, or bow worthy, ele
 vated, and -cultivated they may be,) an
 equal number of females of purer moral
 deportment, higher intellectual cultiva
 tion,- or who better understand all the
 duties belonging to private and social
 life and the domestic relations, than
 these same much-abused factory girls.
 The character of the male population is
 equally worthy. They are industrious,
 prudent, thriving, intelligent, educated,
 and moral. They are the pride and
 glory of New England- I would like
 to have any man (I do not care who he
 is, chivalric, bold, and intellectual as
 he may be) go into one of these factory
 villages and teli that population they are
 slaves. I am willing to compare this
 papulation with the population of the
 South, leaving the slaves out of the
 comparison altogether, and taking the
 masters; and then see on which side ol
 the scale the intellect, the intelligence,
 and all the virtues which adorn the hu
 man character, will be found. Sir, il
 it would not be found on tbc side ol
 these factory operatives, you would
 have to produce a higher standard liijMi
 has fallen under ray observation any
 where, North or South.
 I de not say this to court popularity,
 for I think, if I have not preyed any
 thing else, I have proved that I am not
 a great worshipper of that.
 I take occasion to say. that I do not
 know a population anywhere, North or
 Suuth, against whom charges of this
 character might not be brought with
 equal justice as against the manufactur
 ing population of New England. There
 never w as a people more misunderstood
 than they who have been compared by
 the honorable Senator to the slaves in
 those States where that institution is
 tolerated. I have said enough of them,
 sir. With one other remark I leave the
 subject.
 The honorable Senator from Alaba
 ma says we have clubs and societies in
 the North which issue pamphlets and
 send out lecturers to preach murder to
 the filaves, and to instigate them to vio
 late the wives and daughters of the
 slaveholders. Sir, I have been some
 what conversant with the movements of
 the anti-slavery society of the northern
 part of the country. If ever the first
 letter of that character has been print
 ed in any northern State, I must say
 that it has escaped my observation. I
 do not stand here as the advocate of any
 of these organizations; Ido uot belong
 to them; but I do not say this to avoid
 responsibility, but speak of it as a mat
 ter of fact. 1 have never known a sin
 gle society, large qi- small, male or fe
 male, composed of men, women, or
 children, who have not utterly disclaim-?
 ed everything of that kind, and that
 have not put forth a solemn warning to
 everybody that had anything to do with
 them, that they should not preach insur
 rection to the slaves. On the other
 hand, they have invariably been in
 structed to teach th«tn to refrain from
 everything like violence, aod that it ia
 their duty to bow with meekness and
 submission to a power which they can
 not resist, and to put forth all their en
 ergies and efforts in sending up from
 their degradation and misery tbeir sup
 plications to Him who has avowed him
 self to be the God of the oppressed.
 I have never seen such a publication
 as that—never. I have never heard
 such a sentiment advanced in any pub
 lic assembly, or stich a prayer offered
 up from any pulpit; but, on the contra
 ry, a different course of conduct is uni
 versally inculcated, so far as 1 have any
 knowledge of the matter; and if there
 be such associations as the Senator has
 spokfen of, I know nothing of them.—
 He has a much more intimate knowl
 edge of what i* going on in the northern
 States, if he i* advised that what he
 speaks qf j* tru*, than I have. Hav
 ing said thus much, I will leave the
 subject.
 I do not propose again to go into tbe
 question of the dissolution oftbe Union,
 but I do join in the wish and hope ex
 pressed by tho Senator from Ohio [Mr.
 Chase] that gentlemen wifi come out
 and let us know what they want. And
 having toM us that concession will not
 satisfy fanaticism, 1 treat that no more
 concession will be asked for. Let us
 understand what wa want, and then if
3 1 -rjrtmm r rsnurr*- '--nr-
 GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
jr® a i
 w* cannot aim to unite) let u* agree
 to differ.
 rift. BtrrLEa.—l bad no idea ©flak
 ing any part in this debate, except s«
 far as to suggest the propriety of print
 ing the resolutions, intending to take
 another occasion to discuss the topics
 which bare been brought under discus
 sion in this unexpected debate. Bnt,
 sir, the gentleman from Vermont, the
 other day, indulged in a very wide
 range of debate, so far as regards one
 of tm be thought proper
 to bring wihin the scope of bis remarks.
 He (Hamssed all the doctrines connect
 ed with* the organization #f territorial
 government, and uttered many senti
 ments well calculated to arrest atten
 tion—euch as seemed to provoke a reply.
 Tke gentleman frem Ohio, this morn
 ing, in a somewhat prepared effort, 1
 think, he* come forward, and has avow
 ed doctrines which in their tendency
 and operation cannot be disguised; and,
 sir while he has admonished us to cul
 tivate harmony, and while he and ci
 thers have given us homilies on the val
 ue of this Union, he has avowed senti
 ments, and, not only on this occasion
 but on others, has inculcated doctrines,
 which will sow broadcast the seed of
 discord—such as make odious and ar
 rogant distinctions between different
 sections of this Confederacy. His doc-j
 trines would seem aim at the dis
 franchisement of the southern section
 of the Union, both through the action
 of the Federal Legislature and under
 the organization of parties. It is not
 mere sentiment, but a scheme that lie
 insists on to carry eut his plans of op
 eration. He presumes on an increas
 ing majority in the North and a minor
 ity in the South, as 1 shall show by his
 expressed sentiments. 1 cannot there
 fore allow him to preach decent moder
 ation, when 1 know he has, with others
 ultimate designs—designs which I will
 not allow him to disguise, under the
 forms and professions of moderation.
 He avows openly that he will submit
 to no compromise, and will assimilate
 to no party that will pot recognize as a
 basis the free-soil principles; "in other
 words, to form a party to be known as
 free Democracy—a party that puts un
 der the ban slave-holders as tainted
 partners in the association. He speaks
 of the South as having held the offices
 of the Confederacy, and he avows doc
 trines that will hereafter, by way of re
 tfiliation, disfranchise them in the fu
 ture unless they shall come to terms to
 be prescribed on the basis which he has
 taken for party organization. I have now
 a letter before me, which I shall have
 occasion to refer to, hy way of verifying
 all that 1 have said; a letter in which he
 openly avows his relianee on the minor
 ity of southern interests, and, accor
 ding to my view, on southern defection;
 what he calls desertiou, I would call
 treason. His self-sustaining numerical
 strength 1 suspect is «t the bottom of
 his sublime political morality. He
 aims at certainty on the disposition of
 submission by the South to the doc
 trines which he has avowed. Confi
 dence has been inspired by the desire
 of the South to preserve the Union, and
 its past history somewhat sanctiooe the
 assumption. Sumnted up in a few
 words, he calculates upon the uncon
 ditional submission of one aection in
 submitting to the organization of par
 ties to be made exclusively by another
 section; with kind and gentle allowan
 ces, however, for desertion from the
 southern ranks for the sake of the pri
 zes of office. But, sir, for fear 1 might
 do the honorable gentlemen injustice, 1
 will, before I sit down, read extracts
 from a letter, which seems to have beep
 prepared by him with the cere of one
 avowing a sofeqin creed- It is a creed
 that soars to fhe heavens in its doc
 trines, bnt looks to the earth for its re
 wards. Philanthropy prescribes* the
 latitude of its boundaries, whilst sel
 fishness contracts the serpe of its oper
 ation; philanthropy whose center is
 everywhere, and whose circumference
 is nowhere, but whose practice is to be
 found, in the sordid appropriation of
 office property.
 Allow me to say that I am naturalist
 enough to know that it is not the purest
 bird that flies the highest. It is said of
 the condor that it alights in the atmos
 phere of the snow-capped Andes, and
 yet is it not true that it is a bird that
 lives upon the corruption of the earth?
 These gentlemen, who are so sublime
 in their morality, when they descend
 from the elevation which their theory
 aspires to, to the practical application
 of their doctrines, are ready to deprive
 us of the soil that has been won by the
 common blood and common treasure of
 the country—are ready to appropiale to
 themselves the offices and their emolu
 ments, under the organization of parties,
 and under the Constitution of the Uni
 ted States, thiiure which ought to be left
 open to all. Even Federal eligibility
 to office has been assailed, if it should
 be claimed by n southern man.
 Sir, they go farther, and tell you in
 so many words, that acquiescence in
 their proposition* will not satisfy them;
 for that was the true import of the lan
 guage of the Senator from New Hamp
 shire. He says, that concessions that
 have taken place swell the spirit of
 fanaticism that it has an idea! excel
 lence which will not compromise with
 sny thing but the sublimity of an unli
 mited morality. They ere to attain
 this point hy progressive aggression,
 and to hold those who defend their
 rights ai responsible for the Union.
 Those who have done the wrong have
 SnlL 41 J°uT!£U ,h
 never assailed the Union; thev have
 cherished it, and made aU the compro-
si mines to preserve it; and I My now,
 the Northern gentlemen hold the acts
 son of its Rite in then* own hands
 i They can Oleee them on the cords or
 this Union by going on »n their reck
 less aggression, or stay their hand and
 i do justice. They are the moving par
 ties, and in Jupiter Stator they may
 find a deity worthy of worship; but it
 they go on, they may presume too
 j much on the arts of Mercury. The
 j course which has been advertised is
 r rebuking commentary on Southern ae
 quiescence in wrongful aggression.
 Those who have been guilty of the
 |g wrong shall net hold liable for the
 conseqrences, nor shall they assign me
 a position to the issues which they have
 made. If they have brought the Un
 ion in jeopardy, they shall not throw
 the odium of disunionists on the de
 fending and innocent party. Politicians
 have played with this subject as an
 element of political game, and that
 game shall have the true parties to it.
 I say it now, and with perfect sin
 cerity and candor, that the people of
 the State which I represent, and the
 i people of the southern States in gen
 oral, have never taken measures thus
 f far with the view or wish that they
 should result in disunion. Igo further
 and say that their acquiescence in com
 promise is a refutation of the charges
 that have been made against them
 i What compromise that did not require
 a sacrifice of right and honor, has not
 been aceeded to on the part of the
 South? What compromise that she
 entered into, has she violated? These
 are questions that may be obviated by
 evasion or denunciation of a self-sus
 taining majority, but honesty will only
 answer them before the tribunal of his
 tory. The past cannot be changed,
 and it will go to show that the South
 has made sacrifices to form the Union,
 and has submitted to unequal compro
 mises to preserve it. The North has
 presumed on tnat love of union to
 sanction their aggressive and arrogant
 pretensions. No, sir, the history of the
 Confederacy, and especially the history
 of this question, will show a degree of
 submission to compromise that astonish
 es me in the review of it. I shall not
 go further than to speak of the history
 of this question wish my connexion with
 it, the true element which has formed
 the basis of their course. Will the
 gentleman inform me what measure of
 compromise has ever been proposed to
 us, if it were an honorable and just com
 promise, that has been rejected b) us?
 When it was proposed to extend the
 Missouri compromise to the Pacific, by
 whom was that proposition made? It
 was made by one side, and promptly
 and even scornfully rejected by the oth
 er. It was refused, even with the wan
 tonness of rejection. It was refused on
 the assumption that some of our own
 men would join in the repudiation. By
 implication that compromise has been
 supposed to give to the South, in all ter
 ritories south of 36® 30/ entire control.
 Whilst it in terms excluded slavery
 north of that line, it recognised the
 right that it should exist, if the people
 thought proper, south of that line. Ex
 perience has shown that the temptationj
 to disregard it depended on the power:
 of doing* so, on a minority made so by
 its operation. It has served the office
 of taking power from the South and
 placing it in the hands of those who
 have not magnanimity and justice to
 observe its obligations. It has been
 but a dam of sand that has given way to
 the tide of insolent power. When the
 questions growing out of a proposition
 to give governments to our Mexican ac
 quisitions assumed a critical aspect, an
 honorable effort, without regard to sec
 tions, was made to settle them forever,
 and to take them out of the arena of po
 litical gamesters. That effort resulted
 in the Clayton bill. It was framed to
 save the honor of the South. Many
 thought her rights were not secure un
 der it. I will not state its terms. It
 proposed an honorable compromise,
 without*improper concession. What
 baa been its fate? The South general
 ly acquiesced in it; and, I solemnly be
 lieve, for the sake of the Union. Does
 this look like a desire or design to dis
 solve this Confederacy? No, sir, it
 was anything else. It was a sacrifice
 to the very name of the Union. It pro
 voked a confidence that may be fatal.—
 I fear it has given rise to a delusion,
 that there are no limits to which the
 North may not go.
 Another bill was brought in by the
 honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
 well guarded in its provisions, in re
 lations to New Mexico and California,
 proposing merely to put it in the pow
 er of the courts, by writs of habeas cor
 pu» t to test the legality of the title by
 which slaves are held. It wm assumed
 on that occasion that it conceded too
 much to the South, and gave them the
 advantage in the issue. Was not that
 going far in the spirit of compromise
 Could anything more strangely, show
 the wantonness of non-slaveholdtng
 arrogance? That was set aside, and
 a clause with a snare under it was in
 sisted on hy northern gentlemen as
 giving all that would settle the ques
 tion; In other words, a clause to cover
 the Wilmot proviso. Sir, the com
 promises, have all been one way—into
 tke lion’s den—nulla vestigia retrorsut*.
 But I shall go further and say, we
 have violated none of the compromises
 into which we have entered, whilst we
 have rejected none that have been
 offered to as on honorable terms.
 Is this not a proposition full of mean
 ing? It may be that tke cup of con
 ciliation is exhausted. I shall say
 nothing of that, X will not utter men
 ace, nor will I indicate the end of this
WHOLE NO. 169.
fearfiri question. We have acceded
 to all that would preserve oug, honor
 ia every compromise that banoeen pw
 posed. Indeed, we have evfoced a
 desire to let this question pam by, on
 I a point of honoa, and W ffentlemea
 come out and accuse thoee Fs|o have
 maintained those compromises, and
 l manifested a desire to 'b***
 right, of a de sign to sevtt the Union.
 Oh yes, we are the people, they My,
 who have shown a disposition to sever
 the different portions of this Union! it
 is tke wolf taking offence at the lamb,
 because he contradicted him in, saying
 he bad net mudded the water in drink
 ting below him.
 The Smith, at tba time of the forma
 tion of thin Confederacy, made sacri
 fices, and deprived herself of the scep
 tre. J She petted with the sceptre when
 she consented to the formation of this
 Union, when she gave up to the North
 the power of regulating commerce by
 a mere majority. But I shall go no
 further into the history ef thin matter at
 present. I shall check myself, so far
 as the tendency of this argument is
 concerned; but I have much to say on
 it, and I go back to the honorable Sen
 ator from Ohio. The gentleman from
 Ohio is a Senator; he represents, in
 part, one of the largest States in the
 Confederacy, and, sir, his opinions are
 to be respected. lam Mtisfied that he,
 like many others, acts nnder the pres
 sure of an ex parte constituency. They
 are exponents of those who have never
 looked except upon one aide of this
 question. Many who come here are
 committed exponents of irresponsible
 masses. They are facile aad publican
 politicians, who feel tbemselvea bound
 to the law of obedience. They act in
 a channel that popular prejudice and
 irresponsible persons have made for
 them, and yet they talk of slavery.
 They get their places her* by slavish
 submission. They violate tba Consti
 tution before they come here, hy vows
 on an unconstitutional altar. At for
 any effect that might be produced by
 mere speaking, 1 would much rather
 address the people than their repre
 sentatives. The people have no temp
 tation to do what is wrong. They
 might he affected by a dispassionate
 appeal to their judgments. At least
 they could be approached as a tribunal
 that could review its judgments. They
 could have no interest to maintain an
 adversary position, where trom feeling
 and duty they might wish to become
 friends. Politicians will play with
 topics as a {tart ol a game, which the
 people would shrink from with horror
 could they see the consequences. I
 think it may be safely Mid that those
 who yield most to transient popular
 prejudice, and indulge in habitual ex
 pressions of love to the people, would
 betray them soonest if there were an
 adequate temptation. An accomodat
 ing spirit is generally associated with
 a facility in morality.
 There are occasions on which I
 might expect statesmen and patriots to
 elevate themselves above those irres
 ponsible influences, but the day has
 passed, 1 am afraid, when such men
 are to be found. And in making this
 statement 1 will not tear away one leaf
 from the history of the North. I will
 not deprive the North of an iota of
 credit that, is her due. The past is
 secure, and I speak of it only in an
 historical point of view; but I will not
 sit here and hear doctrines expressed
 which in their consequences roust de
 grade a portion of the Confederacy,
 and deprive posterity of the rights
 which we have ourselves inherited.
 I will ask the Secretary to read a
 fitter of the Senator from Ohio, be
 cause, as 1 have attributed to it an in
 fluence, the letter itself will furnish the
 evidence upon which I have based it.
 The Secretary read as follows:
 Cincinnati, 1849.
 Mr dear Sir: I observe indications
 in various quarters of a. disposition on
 the part of influential gentlemen, to in
 terpoea difficulties in the way of cordial
 union between the free democracy and
 the old line democracy, by insisting on
 conditions to which the latter cannot
 agree without the sacrifice of principles
 which they hold far dearer than party
 success.
 The free democracy holding in com
 mou with the old line democracy the
 cardinal and eslfentiai doctrines of the
 democratic faith, believe that the time
 has come for the application of thoee
 doctrines to the subject of slavery, as
 well as to the subjects of currency and
 trade. Tbey believe that slavery is
 the worst form of despotism. The
 ownership of one man by another is the
 most absolute subjection known to hu
 man experience. No Democrat who
 has any real lining faith in the great
 cardinal doctrine of democracy, that
 all men have equal rights by nature,
 and that the only legitimate object of
 government is fe maintain and secure
 these rights, oan doubt that alavebold
 ing is grossly inconsistent with demo
 cratic principles.
 Heretofore the slave power was con
 tent with retaining slave territory ea
 slave territory; now it seeks to subject
 free territory to the blight of slavery.
 This enormous pretension baa led to a
 more general examination of the con
 stitutional relations of the National
 Government to the slave system; and
 the examination has fastened the con
 motion on the minds of thousands and
 hundreds of thousands, that the gov
 ernment of the Union ia hound to pro
 hibit slavery tn the territories, and to
 exert all ha legitimate and constitu
 tor! P«wers to limit, jocalizs, and
 discourage it, and especially to pro
 the sphere ofinfexclueive jurisdiction.
 sj
