This is the conviction of free democ*
 racy. They have announced it over
 and over again, and are pledged to gov
 ern their political action by it. This
 pledge they will undoubtedly redeem.
 Now t what is to hinder the reception
 of this faith by the old-line democracy
 What shall prevent their bold and frank
 avowal of it? What should interfere
 with manly and straight-forward action
 in consistency with it?
 I can see but one thing—the alliance,
 so called, with the slaveholders them
 selves—the fear of losing their political
 support and influence in a Presidential
 •lection.
 Now, it is very certain that no con
 sideration of mere political expediency
 ought to induce the democracy to refrain
 from carrying out its own principles;
 and it seems to me equally certain that
 political expediency and duty at this
 time coincide.
 For, what will be the cost to the de
 mocracy of the alliance of the slave
 holders in a Presidential campaign?
 To determine this question, it must
 first be seen what the slaveholders de
 mand as the price of their alliance.—
 This demand is easily stated.
 It is non-intervention upon the sub
 ject of slavery. That is, northern men
 may think and act at home as they
 choose, and southern men likewise;
 but when northern men and southern
 men meet at Washington, either in ex
 ecutive or legislative capacities, they
 must not take any action against slave
 ry, but leave the slaveholders at liber
 ty to introduce slaveholding wherever
 they can.
 This, if I understand it, is the ground
 of the Washington Union, which has
 been approved by a number of Demo
 cratic prints in the tree States, and uni
 versally, I believe, as well it might be,
 in the slave States.
 Now, it is my deliberate opinion that it is
 utterly impracticable to unite the democracy on
 this platform in the free States.
 The free Democracy can never accede to it,
 and maintaining, as they do, the cardinal doc
 trines of democracy, and occupying, as they
 will, a bold and independent position on the
 •lavery question and every other, the people
 who love boldness and independence will ral
 ly around them in such numbers that it will
 be uuerly impossible for .compromising de
 mocracy to carry a respectable number of the
 free States, and they must, as heretofore, di
 vide the free Slates with compromising
 Wbiggiem. Success, therefore, on the non
 intervention platform is, for the old ueraocra
 cy, quite out of the question.
 The free democracy believe in non-inter
 vention, auch as the Constitution requires;
 non-invention by Congress with the legisla
 tion of the States on the subject of slavery.
 But neither the history of the country, nor
 the Constitution of the country, warrants non
 intervention by Congress with slavery in erri
 toriea and elsewhere, without the limits ol
 any State but within the exclusive jurisdiction
 of the National Government. Slavery in
 auch territory or places cannot, under a stricl
 construction of the Constitution, exist at all.
 Slavery in such territory or places ought ai
 least to be prohibited by Congress.
 I have regretted to see certain expression*
 attributed to John Van Buren, calculated tc
 revive unpleasant feelings—such as, that the
 national democratic party is in progress of re
 generation—in progress, obeying that law ol
 progress which all ita doctrines recognize Iron
 the old platform of nonintervention to the Jet
 fersonian platform of slavery reslrictio anc
 discouragement. It seems to me that th(
 party io the free States ought at once to ad
 vauce to the Jeffersonian ground, and then
 unite in indissoluble phalaux wiih their breth
 ren of the free democracy. Let the party ir
 tbe lave States advance to the same ground
 Pi haps, in advancing, some may deser
 and go over to the Conservatives. Possiblj
 in the slave States, the party must go into i
 temporary minority. Let it be so. The com
 pensation will be found in the concentration
 unanimity, the invincibility of the united de
 mocracy in the free States. Triumphant in tht
 free States, and strong, by the strength o;
 principles, even in the slave Stales, the De
 mocracy can elect its national candidates, un
 der auch circumstances, in despite of all op
 position.
 Such are my views. I feel a strong confi
 dence that time will prove their correctness.
 I am a democrat, unreservedly, and I fee
 earnestly Bohcitous for the success of the
 Democratic organization and the triumph ol
 its principles. The doctrines of the demo
 cracy, on the subjects of trade, currency, and
 special privileges, command the entire assent
 of my judgement. But I cannot, while bold
 ly asserting their principles in reference Uj
 these subjects, shrink from their just applica
 tion to slavery. I should feel guilty of shame
 ful dereliction of duty if 1 did. You know
 what multitudes now sympathise with me:
 aod bow truly. It is this very fidelity tt
 democratic principles which makes it impos
 sible for them to compromise with slavery.
 What a melancholy spectacle it would b*
 to see the democratic patty embracing defeal
 by auch a compromise, and thus making it
 necessary for hundreds of thousands of the
 truest Democrats in the land to choose be
 tween adhesion to party and adhesion tc
 principle!
 The counsels of the Washington Union
 tend to this, and in my judgement cannot be
 safely followed. I shall be very glad to hear
 from you on this subject, and meanwhile re
 main, truly your friend, S. P. CHASE.
 J. G. Bseslin, Esq.
 Mr. Butler. Now, sir, who ate in favor
 ef union and who of disunion, according tc
 the sentiments there expressed. The gentle
 man says it makes a sectional party in, the
 programe of his party organization. The
 basis of his party is to proscribe the South,
 or to presume on desertion and treason. Its
 minority is the predicate of his whole sage
 superstructure of party organization. This
 is the emanation of the new-light politicians,
 who would throw into the shade of their
 contrast the statesmen who have preceded
 tbem. Those who go over to them are of
 the true faith, whilst those who adhere to
 their ancient privileges and constitutional
 positions are called deserters. Sir, the south
 ern man who goes over on this question will
 be regarded as a traitorous criminal, who has
 Even up hit constituents for lucre. The
 mthhasits peculiar institution, and it
 the duty of her representatives to defend it to
 tire last extremity—it is the defence of our
 firesides. If I were to apply a meaning to
 the language used by the gentleman, it would
 be very different from that which he has
 given. Oh, yes, these gentleroeu who are
 for taking care of our slaves, who express so
 much sympathy for them, who are for univer
 sal emancipation, and who cannot listen to
 any proposition which falls short of what
 thev in their visionary conceptions suppose
 will eventuate in the freedom of the whole
 human race, when applied to on the part of
 emancipated slaves, deny them soil upon
 which to rest the soles of their feet. They
 preach to the slave his right of rebellion
 against his roaster. So long as he can hold
 out to him the means of running away, they
 are ready and willing to countenance him;
 but when they become free, we find on the
 part of those gentlemen a hostility equal to
 the Jove they professed.
 When John Randolph, a distinguished
 citizen of Virginia—that State which gave to
 the gentleman’s Stale its existence, with that
 ordmanoe which has been said to have been
 dictated by the very spirit of freedom, whilst
 in consequence it has been pregnant with
 mischief Mr. Randolph gave freedom to his
 •laves, imagining that they week! easily find
 piece of refuge in territory made free by
Virginia. Aed what was the fact? They
 were driven out of Ohio at the point of the
 bayonet. But. sir, if they had gone into the
 State ss fugitive*, from their master, in vio
 lation of the master’s rights, they would
 readily hare found a home.
 Mr. Chase. Will the gentleman allow me
 to correct him as to a matter of fact! Hie
 emancipated slaeee of Mr. Randolph are, at
 this day, living in Ohio. Ohio desires a
 homogeneous population, and does not desire
 a population of varied character. But she
 drives no person from her territory at the
 point of the bayonet or otherwise.
 Mr. Butler. When the emancipated
 slaves of Randolph first entered Ohio they
 were not permitted to remain. There has
 been some alteration made since, I believe, in
 the laws of Ohio. Whether they are now
 iu that State I cannot say. 1 am merely
 s' t ting an historical fact that they were not
 allowed to remain upon first entering the
 State. The gentleman cannot change the
 dtnte of the case by his acsertion, and he need
 not attempt to distort the facta, because 1
 know the history to be as 1 have stated. Yea,
 air, they have proposed snd voted for—
 Mr. Hunter. Will my friend allow me
 to set him right in regard to this matter 1 1
 unueiatand that the executor of Mr. Ran
 dolph’s state paid nine thousand dollars for a
 farm for these emancipated blacks in Ohio,
 and when they went to take possession they
 weiti driven off by men armed with guns and
 pisijJs, and never permitted to settle upon
 the land that had thus been purchased for
 them.
 Mr. Butler. 1 thank my friend for this
 statement; it is a consuming refutation ol
 what the gentleman has asserted. They
 reached Ohio only under the garb of being
 servants; they claimed their civil rights by
 appearing to be slaves to those who denounct
 slavery, &amp;c. I believe that the only way t&lt;
 be received favorably in Ohio is for a man U
 represent himself as a runaway slave. Ir
 their wondrous philantbicpy they give then
 protection if they represent themselves at
 runaway Slaves. But the gentleman fronr
 Vnginia has given you the true history of thii
 matter, and 1 do not stand corrected by any
 explanation that the gentleman from Ohio hai
 given.
 But I was about to allude to the views o
 gentlemen in regard to California, and I ahal
 have occasion to speak of that hereafter,
 have no doubt they suppose that slaveholder
 are to be prohibited from carrying their pro
 perty there, and herhaps that blacks will b&lt;
 excluded altogether. 1 will put the queatioi
 to those who propose this sublime doctrine—
 I will put it to the gentleman from Nev
 Hampshire, and I believe he ia at least candid
 I will do him the justice to say this—if th&lt;
 South send ten thousand slaves to-morrow t&lt;
 a free State, with a view to make them free
 shall we not be permitted to do so I do no
 believe the gentleman can answer the ques
 tion. There ib not, sir, a non-slaveholdinj
 State in the Union that would receive ou
 slaves if we chose to send them there.
 I myself have had an agency in sendioj
 some free people of color to Ohio and the
 were better oil'under a tolerated existence ii
 South Carolina, where their rights woul
 not have been invaded by vulgar ribaldry
 than in a situation in which they feel all th
 effects of exclusion—where freedom is talke
 of and where privilege is denied—were phil
 anthropy in profession covers oppression.
 It is the interference of these pseudo-phil
 anthropists which has prevented the master
 and mistresses of the slaves from setting ther
 free. We cannot do it now, air, for we cac
 not send them into those States where th
 institution does not exist. Nor can we, a&lt;
 cording to the doctrii e of these gentlemer
 send th«m to California or New Mexict
 Why, air, if they were to go into any fie
 Stale, do you suppose they would be tolert
 ted What ia to become of these people i
 favor of whom there have been such sublim
 sermons preached, whose condition is th
 subject of such sublime solicitude? Thos
 gentlemen have taken the blacks under the
 espeeial care. Baneful influences are exerte
 over them to make them dissatisfied with th
 condition in which they are placed, whik
 there is no substantial mode pointed out t
 better their condition. The slave, unde
 1 such influences, is made a rebel against hi
 master, only that he may become an outcai
 and a pauper in the midst of hia professe
 friends, but in fact real enemies. Incendiar
 publications are disseminated among then
 and with a view 10 seduce them from thei
 fidelity. Why, the very speeches whic
 gentlemen make on this floor, I pay for i
 part uuder the post office arrangements i
 i sending them to my State, that they may b
 disseminated and read by or to the blacks
 those speeches by which they are to be ren
 deted dissatisfied with their condition,
 hare no right to quote from the speech of a
 honorable gentleman, who declared to m
 once that you cannot better the condition c
 the slaves as a mass, if the relation of tnasie
 and slave could be dissolved to-morrow. Yo
 I cannot give them the rights of freemen. Th
 j free States have refused it. I speak of Penn
 syivania particularly; I do not know hot
 j far the remark will apply to the other State:
 You give them but the name of freedom, bu
 none of us fruits. The condition of the slav
 could not be bettered. But the gentlema
 has denied that the free States ate by club
 and associations making efforts to affect th
 condition of the slave and his master. Hot
 do so many printed pamphlets find their ws;
 in the slave States? How have these incen
 diary publications found their way into Soutl
 Carolina Bundles of them ba«e been foun
 in our post offices. One individual has bee
 indicted, but I forbesi alluding to his case
 as I wouid not control the administration o
 justice.
 But, sir, iu the case alluded to, the« i
 reason to suppose that a combination ha
 been formed to pioduce a revolution in Soutl
 Carolina on the slave question. The pamph
 lets are now to be found, with an aim tha
 cannot be mistaken. They ate incendiar;
 publications in every sens£ of the word, aui
 written ftom the woesi of motives. There ii
 a gentleman (Mt. Babbit) who has gone ti
 South Carolina, and there was found in hi
 possession large quantities of pamphlets ant
 other documents, which were calculated ti
 produce a revolution in the South. Hi
 stated that he did not design their diasemina
 tion, but there they are in the poet office, liki
 a torch near a powder magazine, at this day
 Mr. Hale. Were they addressed to wbitei
 or blacks
 Mr. Butler- They were addressed,
 suppose, to some of your whites—whitei
 who think like yourself. That is the bes
 answer i can make.
 Mr. Hale. Then there are some person!
 of my way of thinking at the South.
 Mr. Butler. Yes, there are some whi
 travel from your pait of the country, ant
 who, having been fostered by our hospitality
 have basely taken advantage of us, and com
 mittled treason against our institutions. It ii
 certain that these papers are sent there witl
 a view to be used. 1 do not know whethe:
 Babbit is guilty or not. 1 shall make nt
 charge.
 The gentleman has declared that be is no
 aware that any persons are associated foi
 the purpose of Modiog these document*. In
 deed, I am happy to bear that he does not
 but such documents are to be found, and
 am sorry to believe that some of these docu
 ments have been actually written by some o
 those persona who have removed from thi
 South to Ohio. That they do write suet
 documents under the sanction of an aaaocia
 tion, I have no hesitation in saying. Tin
 purpose and purport of the whole thing is
 these men travel about under the ostensibh
 calling of selling drugs, that these miechiev
 oua documents shall be disseminated and 1
 am sure the gentleman must regard them ai
 mischievous, if be believes what be says, foi
 be save that he is opposed to interference; am
 yet, air, there is interference continually.
 I had no idea of taking up the time of the
 Senate; but when I saw the gentleman ffotr
 Ohio rise bets ie his phum and preach bar
 mooy, ttd under dm garb of moderation
cloak bis real feelings, I could not refrain
 from making an exposure of.his true attitude
 to the issues involved in the discussion.
 I shall not say here what the South will
 do. The honor aud interests of these States
 will be safe now in their own keeping.
 Mr. Dav», of Mississippi. Mr. President,
 Ido not know that I should have said any
 thing upon this occasion but for the tact that
 tha Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
 Hale] has made severs! points, and an
 nounced them in connection with the isot
 that be is about to be absent from the Sen
 ate. His speech wss quite in keeping, sir,
 with many of the acts I have witnessed on
 the pair of that Senator. It was character
 istic with him to make a speech upon this
 subject just before he wss to leave the Senate,
 that he rosy avail himself of it, as I suppose,
 in the region he is about to visit, as food for
 agitation, and as evidence of bis prowess
 upon the floor. On this occasion, he has
 taken as his theme the defence of the factory
 laborer—the intellectual cultivation and ex
 cellent morality of hia cooatituenta; and in
 otdor to produce conviction, I thought it ex
 ceeding well, quite prudent, I will not any
 how necessary. that he should announce thai
 it was his colleague, and not himself, who
 dwelt among and was to be regarded as ih«
 representative of so praiseworthy a popula
 tion, so high in the scale ot humanity, so
 moral, so intelligent and proper in ail things.
 I thought it well, sir, that it was hia colleague
 whom the honorable Senator located in tha
 midst of such superioi samples of humanity.
 Mr. Hale. Will the honorable Senator
 permit me to interrupt him I mated that
 my colleague resided in one manufacturing
 village of the kind I have described, and that
 I reside myself in another of the same
 kind.
 Mr. Davis. 1 thought the Senate* said li
 was his colleague who resided among theac
 remarkable people; but as he has now cor
 reeled the statement, I can only wonder tbi
 more that, coming himself from the midst 01
 a population so moral, so accomplished, ant
 instructed, therefore to be supposed so re
 gatdful ot the rights of others, so regardfu
 ot' the Constitution as those he has the bonoi
 to represent, he should make demonstration!
 such as he is constantly exhibiting upon thit
 floor. I thought it well, as I understood hia
 first, but now it assumes a more dubiouc
 form and without the high eulogy which h&lt;
 delivered upon that population, and which 1
 suppose he is to take home with him, lahouk
 have doubted their claims to such and m
 numerous virtues. I trust he will take home
 with him also the speech he delivered the
 other day upon this floor, in which he an
 nounced that all those petitions and memorial)
 are a mere trick, intended for electioneering
 purposes that this agitation iB a mere game
 intended to cajole the people that it is all i
 very harmless matter; that it meana reallj
 nothing, except to keep up an excitement, an&lt;
 secure votes to candidates at election me
 I hope that the Senator will repeat tha
 speech to these people when he happens t&lt;
 attend meetings whence these and simtla
 resolutions go forth. When the people ii
 any quarter of this Uuion are about to bi
 lashed into fury against the institutions of tb&lt;
 remaining States by the promptings of fanat
 icism, and urged to assail that of which the;
 know nothing, I hope that he will rise am
 tell them how mean a spirit, haw corrupt i
 purpose, and how empty are the declaration
 which have provoked them to this madness
 Let him tell them, as he told the Senato
 from Vermont, when he referred to the intro
 d action of these reselutions, that it is a con
 \enience to get up resolutions of the soi
 when a Senator is to be elected. 1 think, sir
 this would be far better than any constitu
 tional argument, or, if such thing could h
 supposed there, than any southern adddres
 which could be delivered. I think it woulc
 recall the patriotism and the justice even o
 the Senator’s own constituency to a sense o
 their folly and rashness—recall them iron
 their wild war upon the rights of others, am
 cause them to reflect how far they had beet
 made the unwilling instruments of men
 demagogues, seeking to elevate 4 theqnselve
 at their expense and the expense of the coun
 try, by means of exciung their jealousy am
 passiou.
 But the Senator makes another declare
 tiou which surprises me—not being very wel
 informed in relation to his private history—
 that he is not a member of any of those as
 sociations which are operating in the Norti
 against tha institutions of the Souih, and tha
 he knows nothing of them. I am glad tt
 bear it; and can now understand hisdeclara
 tion, that he knows of no associations for thi
 purpose of printing incendiary publications
 to be circulated at the South. We do know
 it, aud it ie strange that he does not. Why
 air, the New York Anti-slaverv Society aendi
 out more publications, I believe, than the
 Senate of the United States. They are sem
 now only into the southern States, but, sir
 that society has printed numerous publics
 tions for the express purpose of circulation u
 California and the purpose haa been avowed,
 by means of agents aud publications gratu
 itously distributed, to prevent slavery frou
 being Jmitted into the consiitution of Cali
 fornia. v T ot only this, but they are associa
 ted in close affiliation whith similar socituei
 in Great Britain and Scotland. They ac
 knowledge the contributions of those societiei
 to be applied to these very objects for wbicti
 they are laboring, according to their own
 reports. It is very stiange that we, who stand
 so far off, should know so much more in re
 lation to these matters than the Senator from
 New Hampshire. Yet, sir, I am glad that
 it is ao—that such is the fact—because it ex
 onerates tha Senator from New Hampshire
 from much of that capability which we had
 heretofore assigned to him.
 Mr. President, I always enter into discus
 sion of the slavery question with feelings ol
 reluctance and only because I am forced into
 it by tboae who, having nothing to do with
 it, nevertheless indecently interfere in out
 domestic affaires here, 1 have done so. Sir,
 it is a melancholy fact, that morning uftei
 morning, when we come here to enter into
 the business of the Senate, out feelings
 should be harrowed up by the introduction of
 this exciting and profitless subject, and we be
 compelled to listen to insults heaped upon
 nor institutions. Sir, there is no man who
 comes here to represent hie constituency for
 high and useful purposes, and who feels upon
 himself the obligation of hia oath to maintain
 the Constitution of the United States, who
 could thus act, from day to day, for the pur
 pose of disturbing the useful legislation of
 the countiy —for no other purpose than to in
 sert another branch into the flame which
 every reflecting, sober man now sees threatens
 to consume the fabric of out Government.
 We of the South atand now, aa we have
 always stood, upon the defensive. We
 raised not this question; but when raised, it
 is our duty to defend ourselves. For one,
 air, my purposes are to keep down this
 species of excitement, both here and at home.
 I know the temper of those whom I repre
 sent, and they require no promptings to resist
 aggression or insult. I know their determi
 nation. It is well and deeply taken, and will
 be shown when the crisis comes. They make
 no threats againtt any one, and least of all
 against tbe Union, for which they have made
 such heavy and continued sacrifices. They
 know their rights, while they feel their
 wrongs; and they will maintain the one,
 resent the other, if it may be, will preserve
 our constitutional Union; but tba Union
 without the Coastiluiion they hold to be a
 curse. With the Constitution, they will
 never abandon it. We, air, are parlies to
 this Union only under tbe Constitution, and
 there no power known in the world that
 could dictate to my liule State a Union in
 which her righu were continually diareapec
 ted and trampled upon by an omestrained
 majority. The present generator, «r, will
 maintain the character their fathers wan.
 They well know how to sueiainpM institu
 tions which they inherited, even by civil war,
 if that be provoked. They will mtieh up to
 this issue, aad meet it free to free.
 Jhia is our poaitioo; you havo not rtnpeo-
Urn*?tow atoeenid t*' I pat no frith ia
 politicians, 1 fret that they raised a
 invoked a spirit which the; cannot alto;, and
 dare not confront. And ;et I believe that
 i the descendants of the Franklins, the Han
 cocks, and the Adamses, if the; aaw ear tn
 stitntions about tv be destroyed bp s mean
 i and captions exercise of the power of dema
 gogoes to press to a fatal extremity aggraa
 i aions upon oar rigbu by. the North, would
 rise op in their strength, and would enforce
 the justice and obligations of the Constitution,
 r This is no indication of an; confidence which
 i I put in their representatives; with them I
 i am read; to meet this issue face to free; and
 r if the representatives of that people thinh
 proper to sow the seeds of dissension, and to
 i inflame the passions and prejudices of one
 section, whilst the; drive the other fc; ever;
 r possible provocation to the point of civil war,
 t then all 1 have to say ia, that the represents
 i tives of the South, true to their constituency,
 i are prepared to meet tbe|issue here and now.
 If this is to he the hot-bedof civil war, if from
 this as a center the evil ia to radiate through
 out our country, here let the first battle be
 s fought! If gentlemen come here constantly
 to preaa upon us, strip us of our rights, to
 move the people of one section of the nation
 r to hostility against tha other, I hope that
 i those who have brought the eountt; to this
 j crisis will meet the first test.
 t Mr. President, it is no part of the business
 9 of a southern representative here to deliver
 panegyrics upon the attachment of his con
 t stituenta io*he Union. We have proved our
 i love of the union sod aur devotion to it too
 often and too long to require such declare
 tiona. Let those who feel that it may be
 f doubted make their declarations of fidelity to
 I the Union we have nothing of the kind to
 do. If the State of Vermont chooses to send
 1 to the Senate of the United States insulting
 r resolutions telating to her sister States, let
 i the Senators and Representatives of thai
 i State do their duty in relation to them; and
 i as I say nothing against a sovereign State, 1
 i will only say to thorn Senators that I regret
 that Vermont has not now such constitutional
 scruples as actuated her in the war of 1813,
 I and that she does pot keep her rssolutiom
 within her own limits, in this war of aggres
 sion, as she attempted to keep her troopt
 i during that war.
 I regret that I shall have to part with manj
 i frienda with whom I have uniformly acted ir
 he Senate, upon the motion, now pending
 to print these leaolutions. I would agree t(
 i print them, however offensive they might be
 r if the State had sent them to the Senate
 I The State has a right to speak to the Senate
 and be heard. But I accept the argument o
 t the Senator from Georgia, which has im
 i properly, as it seems to me, been callet
 t special pleading, that they are the properly o
 l the Senators to whom they are directed, am
 9 I perceive no obligation requiring them t&lt;
 s have been placed before the Senate. The)
 are instructions addressed to them, wit!
 r reference to their own duties, and might jus
 1 as well remain in their own pockets as to lit
 t upon the table of the Senate, I hold then
 i to be unjust, to be untrue, offensive, insult
 ing, treasonable to the Constitution and
 r will not endotse them by my vote. I havi
 thus briefly stated my reasons.
 Mr. Phklps. I did not mean to be drive!
 t again into this discussion. And I believe
 should content myself with repeating what
 said the other day, that if any man has me
 i this subject, troublesome, vexatious aa it ia
 i with a feeling of coolness and deliberation, i
 I ia the Senator from Vermont; but aomi
 f charges have been made from which I desiri
 I an opportunity to vindicate myself.
 i Ido not wish to go into the discussion now
 1 but, after the remarks that have been mad&lt;
 i by the Senator from Mississippi, 1 feel it i
 j duty which I owe to myself, as well aa ti
 i those whom 1 represent, that I should presen
 my vindication. And if the Senate will in
 I dulge me until to-iaorrow, aa it is now late
 I will endeavor to do so in as brief a manne
 aa possible.
 I The subject was passed by informally ac
 cording ly,
THE NOBTH STAR
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 25, 1850.
 Notice to SnhKriben.
 Business and other communications, con
 nected with the “North Star” establishment
 must hereafter be directed to Frederick Dou
 glass, Rochester, N. Y., he having taken th&lt;
 management of the business affairs of the pa
 per upon his own hands.— r. d.
 Notice to Subscribers.
 P*v up! Pay up!! Pay up!!!
 The subscribers to “the North Star” (ii
 Rochester especially,) are earnestly requests
 to forward their subscriptions for our thin
 volume, at once. Let us start with a ligh
 heart, a clean sheet, and a fair breeze, upoi
 the voyage of the year, of which this is th&lt;
 commencement. —r. n.
 Notice to oar British Subscriber*.
 The subscribers to “the North Star” ii
 England, Scotland, and Ireland, are desired ti
 forward their subscriptions to Miss E. Nichol
 son, 11 Howgill street, Whitehaven, by Post
 office orders.—r. o.
 Joseph C. Bustill.—We are happy to in
 form our Philadelphia readers that the Wo
 men’s Association of that city have securet
 the services of this gentleman to act as agen
 for “the North Star.” The whole manage
 ment of the business affairs of the paper, m
 far as concerns that city, has, under the direc
 tion of this Association, been committed t&lt;
 him; and the subscribers, therefore, are re
 quested to apply to him for the correction o
 any irregularities which may hereafter oceui
 in the ciiculation of the North Star in tha
 city.
 The office of Mr. Bustill is 149 Soutt
 Sixth street.
 Notice to Correspondents.
 We have received a long address from out
 friend, Whitfield, of Buffalo. The document
 is an excellent one, and proves, conclusively,
 that talent is not incompatible with a colored
 skin. We should be pleased to publish the
 paper in question; but we cannot do so at
 present. The Proceedings of Congress are ol
 a character so interesting, and are read with
 so much seat, that that it is essential to the
 prosperity of our paper that they should be
 published regularly, even te Ibe exclusion oi
 many Contributions, which, under other cir
 cumstances, we shoald gladly insert in out
 columns.—r. d.
 W* have recently received numerous let
 letters from our transatlantic friends, abound
 ing in gratifying approval of the course and
 character of the paper they have done so
 much towards establishing and supporting.
 We feel especially indebted to our Edin
 burgh, Carlisle, Newcastle, Bristol, Bridg
 water, Cork, Belfast, and Manchester friends
 for their words of sympathy and encourage
 ment.—r. D,
erf at AatMlanry CaartatiM at
 Irracuc.
 This Convention has already been the etib
 ject of mueh inteiest, and is likely to con
 tinue so. There has scarcely, to our know
 ledge, ever been a meeting held by the aboli
 tionists of this country, which was looked
 forward to with non solicitude, than the ooa
 in question. The nature of the call, the
 parties included in it, and the differ—see of
 opinion well known to exist among the per
 sons likelyf to b* n attendance, naturally
 enough induced apprehensions in the minds
 of mgny, that the whole weak! bn a failure.
 it is not our purpose, in the present article,
 to determine the question whether the Con
 vention is to be regarded as having snoeaeded
 or as having failed to accomplish the cod
 aimed at, by those who called it together.
 We do, however, propoee to give our read
 ers a complete and candid narration of the
 points which ehieiy interacted as, accom
 panied by- such thoughts as may suggest
 themselves in connection with the subject.
 Indispensable engagements at borne ren
 dered it impossible for us to reach Syracuse
 before the afternoon of the second day; and
 similar duties compelled ua to leave on Sa'.
 urday morning-—two sessions before the
 Convention dosed. We arrived at Market
 Hall on Wednesday afternoon. While tra
 velling thither, we bought a penny paper,
 containing the following list of officers
 Samuel J. May, President; Frederick
 Douglass and Joseph C. Hathaway, Vice-
 Presidents; J. W. Randolph, Charles
 Adams, Secretaries.
 Cbsrles C. Burleigh, S. H. Gay, Slocum
 Howland, Abigail Mott, were appointed a
 Business Committee. T. G. White, A!an
 son Thorpe, George W. Dean, were a Fin
 ance Committee.
 Our readers will be interested to know, at
 once, who were in attendance as speakers.
 We may mention, besides those already
 named in tbe list of officers, that Messrs.
 Pruyn, Samuel R. Ward, John Thomas,
 Stephen S. Foster, Rev. Mr. Wing, Henry
 Box Brown, Calvin Fairbanks, Mifflin Gibbs,
 C. L. Remond, C. A- Wheaton, Lyndon
 King, Parker Pilsbury, Lewis Burtis, Ben
 jamin Fish, James C. Jackson, and Gerrit
 Smith. The last named gentleman was
 speaking when we entered the hall. We
 were struck at once with the complete com
 mand which he held over the crowded multi
 tude before him. His noble form, his deep
 toned and musical voice, hia graceful atti
 tudes, his face, radiant with benevolence,
 earnestness, and sincerity, proclaimed him at
 once among the noblest specimens of modern
 orators. No one can hear him, without feel
 ing his power.
 The subject under consideration was the
 character of the Constitution of the United
 States. The Convention had already divided
 into parties, and those parties had selected
 their champions. Mr. Smith represented the
 Libeity Party, and anti-slavery character of
 the Constitution; and Mr. C. C, Burleigh
 represented the American Anti-slavery So
 ciety. Both are able men, and no good
 cause need suffer in the hands of either. It
 wes not to opr taste that the discussion
 should have been confined to two individuals.
 The arrangement, however, had been adopt
 ed previous to our arrival, and we deferen
 tially and cheerfully fell in with it. Aa we
 before stated, Mr. Smith was speaking when
 we entered the crowded hall. He was esta
 blishing the utility of the preamble to the
 Constitution, aa a means of ascertaining the
 true meaning of the enacting clauses of that
 instrument. He then proceeded to review
 what are commonly called the compro
 mises of the Constitution. He denied that
 either of them authorised or guaranteed sla
 very and he affirmed thet each of them was
 capable of an innocent construction. Mr.
 Smith holds views on this subject very nearly
 similar to those held by Lysander Spooner.
 The clause relating to tbe apportionment of
 taxation, he contended was an anti-slavery
 provision, inasmuch, instead of giving power
 to the South,it reduced that power two-fiffhs.
 This part of his reasoning was based upon
 the hypothesis that tbe clause itself related
 in any way to slaves. But Mr. Smith denied
 that it did so refer, and stated that the term
 free was not to be taken in this connection as
 the correlative of slave persons. All this
 struck us strangely, we confess, knowing the
 history of this clause of the Constitution, as
 we do; but we screwed up our courage,
 resolved not to mind even if our friend should
 argue the nose off our face. He gave a
 number of instances in which the word free
 is used when it is impossible that it should
 be considered as the correlative of slave per
 sons claiming all the while that it was his
 privilege to range through the whole expanse
 of history—of precedent—of law,'in pursuit
 of an innocent meaning while hia opponent
 was compelled to confine himself wholly to
 the Constitution, while seeking to impose
 upon it a vicious construction. It is scarcely
 necessary for us, io this article, to follow Mr.
 Smith through either his reasonings or his
 precedents. The former have been shown to
 be unsatisfactory, and the latter to be of no
 avail against well-known, long-established,
 and universally admitted facts.
 The claim that he alone bad a right to
 search for evidence outside of the Constitu
 tion, was as justly denied, we think, as it
 was complacently affirmed and Mr. Burleigh
 demonstrated, both by arg intent and prece
 dent, hia right to a range aa wide as that
 claimed by Mr. Smith.
 This debate occupied the entire day and
 evening on Wednesday, and formed decided
 ly the most interesting point in the whole
 proceedings. We nevei sew a discussion
 conducted with more fairness, dignity, end
 feeling. All that vre can award to Mr.
 Smith (as he appeared to ue in this debate)
 is, honesty of opinion, and consummate skill
 and ability io the presentation of hie views.
 When on the right side of sn opinion, he is
 the men whom w# would select to chase
 ten thousand but in a cause so palpably
 erroneous as was that defended by him,
 neither skill net ability availed. Charles C.
 Burleigh literally demolished every position
 taken in behalf of the character of the Amer
 ican Constitution.
 At tbe close of the debate between Messrs.
 Smith and Burleigh, at ten o’clock oo Wed
 nesday night, the Hall was still crowded;
 and as the audience manifested no disposition
 to retire, the debate was oooiumed between
 Frederick Douglass, Samuel R. Ward t Cbae.
L. Remond, and Stephen Footer. This wai
 prolonged until after 11 o’ofedfc the assem
 blage Mill giving an signs of uaaasinasa 01
 fatigue. Mr. Smith then offered the follow-
 sutwtilute for rhe Twolotions prMnt9(i
 by tbn business committee, affirming the pro
 slavery character of the United States Coo
 •U to tion and called for the popular voti
 epos the same. This call, ws subsequent);
 foamed, was wholly out of order, inasmucl
 u a had been previously agreed upon tha
 no vote should be takes until the subject hat
 been folly discussed by tbe various speaker
 present, who desired to discuss it; and sc
 cording to the rules of the Convection, nt
 popular voting was contemplated, aed now
 but enrolled members were expected to vote
 In tbe face of this undemanding, Mr. Smul
 offered bis substitute, and demanded, as w&gt;
 have said, tbe popular vote upon it. W&lt;
 give bis resolutions here entire;
 I. Resolved, That the Federal Coitstiluttoi
 should, like other laws, be subjected to fogs
 rules of interpretation; and that when it it
 thus subjected, it is seen not to be for slavery
 but again# slavery—not of powers adequate
 to uphold any part of American Slavery, bu
 of powers adequate to overthrow every part o
 American Slavery.
 S. That the man who votes for no slave
 holder, and ter no one who does; and for n&lt;
 one who does not regard the powers of th&lt;
 Federal Constitution as ample for the over
 throw of Slavery; is, provided always, that hi
 acknowledges do pro-slavery church to be i
 church of Christ, sod no pro-slavery miniate
 to be a minister of Christ, worthy of tbe name
 and the honor of an Abolitionist.
 Of course, subjected to such a vote, wit!
 the prejudices of tbe audienoe against the din
 unionist, and in fitvor of Mr. Smith, theat res
 olutions were adopted by a large majority.—
 The subject, however, was still to be act*
 upon by tbe Convention; and it was taken uj
 as the first thing in older on Thursday morn
 ing, when the debate became genera).
 Mr. Calvin Fairbanks insisted on the anti
 slavery character of the Constitution, with i
 greater show of feeling than of argument.—
 He counseled us to be kindly affectioned om
 towards another,” and tecommended the for
 geat toleration. He was followed by Freder
 tek Douglass, who advocated the original rea
 olutions, and opposed Mr. Smith's substitute
 We condense this speech from the report e
 it, published in tbe Syracuse Journal.
 Mr. Douglass referred to the adoption o
 Mr. Smith’s substitute last evening by a pop
 ular vote, and while he would not impugi
 that vote, he rejoiced that the question wa.
 still open for the consideration ef tbe Conven
 tion. He considered that the differences o
 opinion upon the Constitution formed one u
 the strongest barriers against the fusion of thi
 different anti-slavery men into one organiza
 tion—an end devoutly to be wished for. Hi
 first objection to the substitute offered by Mr
 Smith was, that it practically aimed at a din
 solution of the Union, white it theoretically
 professed respect for that Union. It was, ii
 his judgment, seeking tn honest end in a dis
 honest way. He was for dealing even will
 slaveholders in the most truthful and hones
 manner, and was against taking any advantagi
 of the Constitution in favor of freedom; ii
 view of his well established conviction, tha
 both they who framed that instrument, am
 they who adopted H, understood it as protect
 ing slavery, so long as that institution should
 continue in the land. It was enough for bin
 to know that the Union of 1789 could neve
 have been secured under such a coostiuctioi
 of the Constitution as Mr. Smith now propo
 sed to put upcu it. That construction amount
 to this that the constitution does not guaran
 tee the right of the slaveholder of Maiylam
 to reclaim his fugitive slave in New England
 that the genera) government ia not authorize*
 by the Constitution to suppress slave insurrec
 irons; that, instead thereof, the general gov
 ernment is bound, by that instrument, to t&amp;ki
 sides with the slaves, in a contest sgains
 their masters; that, that clause of the Coneti
 tution, relating to the apportionment of taxes
 is a premium to liberty, and a condemnatioi
 of slavery; that the clause, referring to thi
 migration and importation ot such persons ai
 any of the States shall see fit to admit, is at
 anti-slavery provision; propositions, each ant
 all, so absurd and ridiculous, as to fill ont
 with amazement that they should be enter
 tained for a moment by a tingle individual o
 any intelligence! Every man must see tha
 no union could have been formed between tht
 free States and the slave States under such i
 construction of the Constitution. He bek
 that what the Union was, and what the par
 ties agreed at the time it should be, the partiei
 to it now should maintain it to be, or eom&lt;
 out with the American Anti-Slavery Society
 and repudiate the bargain altogether. “N&lt;
 Union with Slaveholders,” is the pares
 platform from which to preach “delivering
 to the captive.” In reply to Mr. Ward, wb&lt;
 asked the question, “Who will altei the lawi
 if you elect no one?” Mr. Douglass referret
 to the admission of Daniel O’Connell to thi
 British Parliament. Mr. O’Connell was i
 Roman -Catholic, and the British Constitutroi
 required him to abjure the Pope, as a condi
 tion of becoming ajegislator. Did he abjurt
 the Pope? Navas —and probably he woulti
 not have done so though he should have died
 without seeing the inside of the British Par
 liament. Who altered the lawa? the British
 Constitution was changed; the moral senti
 ment of England improved, under O’Connell’s
 agitation; the intolerance of bigotry relaxed;
 and legislators, sworn to support the Consti
 tution, modified it, in accordance with the
 progress and enlightenment of the nation.—
 Mr. Douglass added further, that there were
 more than sixty thousand colored persons,
 free, in Maryland, who are wholly indebted
 for their freedom to the moral sense of their
 former owner*—no statute ever having been
 enacted, obliging their masters to free them.
 There were numerous instances that could be
 cited, which show that the moral sense oftbe
 community often renders the statute hook null
 and void. It was not, however, obligatory
 upon him to explain the precise manner in
 which the laws of this countiy are to be
 amended. All he undertook to demonstrate
 was, that the Constitution required, on the
 part ef those who became parties to it, a vio
 lation of the law of G»d. The latter demon,
 ■listed, leaves no room for a question such m
 that pet to him by bis friend Mi. Ward.
 Mr. Douglass next turned his attention to
 the charge of “No Government,” so often
 irged against diaunioniata, by Liberty Party
 non. He said, it was all very well to talk of
 wiling an anu-slavery construction upon tbe
 gad to predict tbn
■traction will, mom day, be put oa it; bet,
 ha ratal, orbit is saw to bo done? Will tbo
 Liberty Party abide by tbeCoosutoiioa, as at
 preranl ooostroed! Will they tin all ibe in
 termediate time, io the hope of finally fixiag
 a pea the Coratitutiea tbeir ewe peculiar in
 teipr cut toot A prominent member of that
 party here exclaimed, Wt will mat
 “Then, (returned Mr. Doegirae,) yea ara a
 i revolutionist—aa inaaneetioniat, and a no*
 t government ana." There ia no escapiitg
 I this conclusion. The Supreme Court of the
 United Statue ia the authorised exponent of
 the meaning of the Constitution; its deemeoe
 i are tending upon the entire nation; and be
 i who resists them, places himself in rebellion
 against hie government: so that the audience
 will eee that the loyal Liberty Party oeeepy a
 ground as hostile to human government as that
 s °P&lt;”&gt; which the American Anti-Slavery Soci
 ety has erected its standard of “No Union
 WITH StAvtHousaa”! Between tbo pratent
 I interpretation, and the hoped fox future one,
 i there is a great gulf fixed—and, to hit cued,
 an impassable oee. There is ten one jest
 I wey to deal with this question: bn the IJn
 r ,0K dissolved, and the Constitution repu
 diated—and in the spirit of our ancestors, let
 os give to the world another Declaration of
 Independence, and proclaim the esutbiishmem
 of a republic, with s Coasuiution to which no
 tyrant nor slave can possibly be a party.
 i We would not have the reader aappoee,
 r from the foregoing, that we have giTso them a
 full statement of the arguments on either aide
 of the constitutional question. There were
 1 many other points presented, to which it will
 not be in our power to allude at this time.—
 There u one point, however, freon the oppo
 j site side, which we arc disposed to mention,
 as much for its novelty, as for its absurdity!!
 It came from the eloquent lips of James C.
 Jackson, who said so many good things du
 ring the greater part of his speech, that we
 think he can afford to have us criticise him in
 i this particular. He denied the right of one
 generation to make a constitution for another;
 i stating that those who adopted the American
 Constitution meant that it should be a pro
 slavery instrument. He had as good a right
 to adopt it as they bad, and be should do so,
 giving it sn anti-slavery meaning—and that
 f kis meaning was of as much authority aa
 theirs. We do not, peihaps, give the exact
 f words, although, even in this, we think we
 are not seriously at fault. Mr. Jackson seem
 ed well pleased with his philosophy of gov
 ernment. His first idea is s good one, snd is
 as old as it is good. It may be seen in near
 p ly all the political works of Jeremy Bentham;
 p but we should never dream of making it. the
 premise of such a conclusion, We put it to
 friend Jackson if the argument would not
 stand better: No generation baa a right to
 make a government which shall bind the con
 sciences of another. The framers of the A
 merican Constitution have bound the conacien
 ces of tbeir successors, and therefore, we
 have a right to repudiate that Constitution,
 and to frame one for ourselves.
 The subject, next in importance, to that in
 solving the eharaeter of the American Con
 slitulion, was embodied ia the following reso
 i lution, offered to the Convention by Parker
 Pilisbory:
 Resolved, That among all the agencies and
 instrumentalities whose professed object ia
 the overthrow of slavery, none has entitled
 itself to the full co-operation and support of
 r the people, but the American Anti-Slavery
 i Society, and its organized or individual auxil
 iaries. None other can claim to be based up
 s on immutable piinciples. None other has
 maintained inviolate even the principles upon
 which it set out; and none other stands out
 I to-day before the world, clear in ita doctrines
 as the sun, fair in iu fidelity tothoaedoetrinea
 as the moon, and terrible in iu righteous de
 mands upon, and rebukes of, the tyrant, as an
 army with banners. And as such, it, and it
 only, is worthy the regard, the cordial aymp*-
 thy and support of every lover of Humanity
 and Man.
 To this resolution, many in the Convention,
 (we among the number,) took exception.—
 Such a resolution seemed tojjs ill-timed, and
 in no way calculated to lessen the nhieeltt
 io the way of a harmonious co-operation of all
 the anti-Slavery forces in this Stste. It seem
 ed to be too laudatory of ourselves, and too
 blind to the good qualities of other associa
 tions, simply because “they follow not us.”
 Since we commenced the present article, we
 have received a copy of the proceedings of the
 two last sessions of the Convention, and an
 happy to find that a more temperate, and an
 equally tiuthful resolution was substituted for
 the one in question. It was offered by C. C.
 Burleigh, and is as follows
 Resolved, That the American Anti-Slave
 ry Society, being baaed upon right piiociplee,
 and having a plan of operation wisely adapt
 ed to the went of abolishing slavery, and a
 platform on which all who wish to help in
 i that work, whatever be their political oi reli
 gious creed, can freely and efficiently aet for
 the accomplishment of the oommon object of
 them all; it is worthy of their united support
 and co-operation, and to give it such support
 and co-operation, is to make the most eco
 nomical and effective use which they cen
 make, of tbeir Anli-Slaveiy energy and re
 sources.
 This resolution was adopted by a decided
 majoi ity, sod the Convention soon afterwards
 adjourned.
 We may be asked our opinion as to what
 especial good this long looked-for meeting has
 accomplished and we are sorry to say that
 we believe, that no especial good has resulted
 from it. Those who felt kindly disposed to
 wards the American Anti-Slavery Society be
 fore the holding of this Convention, feel so
 still; we doubt if one convert from the Liber
 ty Party waa made. The moat that bra bora
 accomplished, has been a meeting of the two
 wings of the anti-slavery movement. We
 have seen each other face to faee, and prated
 with no other ties to tend os to each other
 than those of affinity, whieh before existed.—
 Messrs. G«mt South, Samuel R. Ward,
 John Thomas, Rev. Mr. Stowe, and oUmt
 Liberty Party men, have gone heme, quits
 satisfied with the cenreetneaa of their views,
 end (if possible,) more completely wedded to
 the Liberty Party. While Mr. Wheat on,
 Sedgwick, and others, of the Free Soil Party,
 mo feeling quite aa aelf-eomplaeam in their
 position; and.we scarcely need ray, that
 Messrs. Burleigh, Foster,PtUsbory, Remood,
 Hathaway, and other members of the Ameri
 can Anti-Slavery Society, are as deeply as
 over convinced of the soundness of their views,
 and of the wisdom of tbo policy adopted by
 that Society.
 Then vn.•Tame,an thi. arniua,
 n-rr
 tf tUauhuud.iUoUmunad
 m I I
