j.i 01 1 r j).
From the American People's Journal.
 A HYMN OF THE TRANSITION AGE.
 *V THOMAS L. HARRIS.
 Ope, tyrants! ope the gates of hell again:
 Bid War and Pestilence ride darkly forth:
 Stain with her children’s blood the shuddering
 Earth:
 Man’s universal heart transfix w ith pain:
 Loose from the Northern bills
 The huge, Barbarian avalanclie; and cast
 Pale Famine’* gathered ill*.
 Like winter on the blast.
 Crush beneath Atlantean loads of w rong.
 The Poor, lest they sboukl rise:
 Strengthen with arms, and gold, and Inittrass
 strong,
 Your crumbling Anarchies:
 Pierce, with the blinding spear, Thought’s sun
 like eyes,
 I,est men should see the heavens o’erflow with
 light:
 Drown with shrill clamorous lies,
 The harmonies of I.ov«, the Arcnangel trump of
 right:
 Lift, if ye dare, the awful Cross on high,
 And crucify Humanity thereon;
 While an unnatural sJoom usurps the sky,
 And the dead Past comes forth and reigns—like
 Death alone.
 Do—but do all in vain.
 Tlie avalanclie and the rain
 Quicken the buds of Life that sleep in earth.
 Humanity shall rise!
 Sw.ft lightnings pierce tlie skies,
 The last long Sabbath Morn of Time come forth.
 Humanity shall rise and live forever,
 Throned in the might of it* sublime endeavor,
 Divine, harmonious, free, in glorious spirit-birth!

 111.
 We rise—up-borne by flame-like inspirations.
 The body—fading cloud, beneath us dies.
 Sphered Continents of Light, divine Creations,
 Homes of the Immortal on the vision rise.
 We hail from far the beatific Nations.
 We stand among the ancestral generations,
 The people of the Shies!
 Below the Earth, through golden exhalations,
 Glows like an Isle in some far Indian Sea.
 Splendors and Loves, and calm '1 ransfigurat ions.
 Rulers of Heaven’s divine Humanity.
 O’er each Hesperean height,
 Lead in harmonious march the Immortal Sons of
 Light.
 They call, they call, from far!
 Each like a sphered star!
 I*l us go up and join the array of these,
 ’i he cloud ot witnesses.”
 Called from Heaven’s wide extremes, they go
 Up to its inmost shrine; their faces glow
 With hope for Earth, now crushed beneath its last
 great wo.
 tv.
 Lo! the gieat Temple, burning from afar.
 As if in every ray was fused a star;
 As if the sunrise in its glorious dome
 Was bore, and made its sempiternal home'
 It is the Temple of ihe Ages, wrought
 With traceried sculptures of Immortal Thought.
 ’Tit tlie Shekinab, shadowing foith to view
 The Infinite Beautiful, and Good, and True'
 There reign, in mild supremacy of love,
 The Hierarchal Rulers of tbe realms above.
 There in tlie calm divine of peace, await
 Tbe mighty Angels of delivering Fate,
 Till the Great Hoi r shall lead them radiant
 forth,
 To ope the Gales of Morning on the Earth
 I-.inner and crest droop low \V e enter there,
 And pause entranced hko flame* that rest in purple
 air!
 v.
 The mortal History of immortal Man,
 Shines, pictuied on that time-revealing dome.
 Each glorious Spirit, who since life began,
 Hath pouied out thought or blood to rear a home
 For I arth’s fraternal Peoples, and to span
 Tbe Race with Freedom’s sun-bow; hath a
 throne
 'Neath tltat far shining arch, and sit- .-erelie
 thereon!
 Angels of Light! tliey rest, entranced in vision,
 Fronting the Infinite with god like eyes.
 Angels of Beauty! picturing the elysian
 Repose and peace of new eternities.
 Angels of Harmony! in whose high cadence,
 Heaven’s mystic music finds a living voice-
 Angel. of Gladm-st? lifting urns of fragiauce.
 Saying, Oh, blessed ones, rejorce, rejoice'
 Angels of Worship! who, in pure communion.
 Of love and wisdom, silently adore,
 Angels of Strength! majestic in their union,
 With Infinite Will: thus mighty evermore.
 Poet and Saint, and Sage, who patient bore
 The ci oss, and drank tlie cup of deadly pain;
 Who left their words and works upon the shore
 Of F&lt;arth when they ascended; like a rain
 Of lightnings—like an earthquake—like a strain
 Of seraph music—like a prophecy—
 Man’s fettered mind and heart to tlirdl, inspire,
 and free.
 ‘There wait they, consecrate, serene, divine,
 Tire dawuintr of the New Earth’s Eden lime,
 In mild omnipotence of virtue strong,
 With silent prayer up lift, How long, O l.oid!
 how long!”
ittist ellfttuous.
FEARFUL APPARITION.
 translation from the GERMAN.
 In a very wild and remote region of
 the Scottish Highlands there stood, on
 a rocky height, an old fortress.
 One stormy evening, in harvest, its
 lord looked from his window into the
 darkuess, and over the well-guarded
 court of the castle, towards the opposite
 hills, where the tops of the trees, still
 visible, rustled and waved in the dark
 blue heavens. The rivulet in the val
 ley sent forth a wild and strange sound,
 and the creaking weathercock clattered
 and brawled, as if chiding the storm.
 The seene and the hour were con
 genial to the tnind of the lord of the
 castle. He was no longer the mild
 and indulgent master. His ordy daugh
 ter had fled from the fortress with a
 handsome youth, far inferior to her in
 birth, but a sweeter singer and harp
 player than any inhabitant of the wild
 Highlands; and, soon after their flight,
 the lover was found dashed to pieces
 in the bottom of a rocky valley, into
 which, in the darkness of the night, he
 had fallen. Thereupon the daughter,
 by aa unknown pilgrim aent a letter to
 her father, aaying that, night having
 robbed her of her lover, her eyes were
 opened to her fault; that she had re
 tired to a convent, to do the most
 severe penance, and that he would nev
 er §ee her more. From this event the
 lord of the castle had become almost as
 obdurate as the surrounding rocks, and
 as unfeeling as the stony pavement ot
 his fortress.
 As he now looked from the window,
 he saw ia the yard a lantern, move
 backwards and forwards, aa if in the
 hand of tome one who, with tottering
 steps, stole across the aveaaV Angrily
 be called out—“ Who goes there?' 1 for
liis domestics had strict orders to ad
 mit no one within the walls; and since
 the flight of the young lady, these com
 mands were rigidly obeyed, it seemed
 as it lifeless stones alone dwelt within.
 To the lord of the castle there came
 a sod voice:
 “An. old woman,” it said, begs some
 food, noble knight.
 But the bumble demand was impet
 josly refused.
 “Spy—vagrant—witch?” f were the
 appellations showered upon thwbeggar;
 and because she did not immediately
 retire, but reiterated her petition with
 a fervent, though weak voice, the
 knight, in the wildness of his wrath,
 called on his blood-hounds to hunt the
 beggar woman away.
 Wildly did the ferocious dogs rush
 forth; hut, scarcely had they approach
 ed the woman* when she touched the
 strongest and fiercest with a slender
 wand. The domestics who had come
 □lit expected that the savage dog would
 tear her in pieces, but, howling, he
 turned and the others laid themselves
 down, whinning, before the beggar.
 Again the lord of the castle urged
 them on; but they only howled and
 moaned, and lay still.
 A strange shuddering seized him,
 which redoubled when the old woman
 raised her lantern on high and her long
 white hair appeared waving in the
 storm, while, with a sad and threaten
 ing voice, she exclaimed—
 Thou in the heavens, who seest
 and hearest!”
 Trembling, the knight retired from
 the window, and ordered his people to
 give her what she demanded. The do
 mestics, frightened at the apparition,
 placed some food without in a basket,
 and then secured the doors—all the
 while repeating prayers, until they
 heard the strange old woman carry
 away the food. As she stepped out of
 the castle gate, the hounds moaned
 mysteriously after her.
 From this time regularly, every
 third evening, the lantern was seen in
 the castle yard, and no sooner did the
 strange twinkling begin to be visible
 through the darkness, and the light
 steps to be heard to totter softly over
 the pavement, than the lord of the-cas
 tle hastened back from the window, the
 domestic put out the basket of food;
 and the hounds moaned sorrowful til!
 the apparition vanished.
 One day—it was now the beginning
 of winter—the knight followed tht
 chase in the wildest part of the moun
 tains. Suddenly his hounds darted uj
 a steep height, and, expecting a gouc
 capture, at the risk of imminent dan
 ger, he forced his shuddering hors*
 over the stoney slippery ground. Be
 fore a cavern in the middle of the as
 cent, the hounds stood still; but how
 felt the knight when the figure of
 woman stepped to the mouth of tin
 abyss and with a stick drove back tht
 dogs. From the silvery locks of the
 woman, as well as from the restlesi
 and low meanings of the hounds, ant
 i his own internal feelings, he soon per
 ceived that in tins drear spot the lan
 tern bearer stood before him.
 i Hall frantic, he turned his horse’s
 head, buriea his spurs in its sides, ant
 galloped down the steep, accompaniet
 by the yelling hounds, towards tht
 castle.
 Soon after this strange occurrence
 the lantern was no longer seen in tht
 court of the castle.—They waited on«
 day—several days—a whole week pas
 .sed over, but the apparition was n&lt;
 longer seen.
 If its first appearance had alarmed
 the lord of the castle and his domestics
 its disappearance occasioned still mort
 t consternation.
 They believed that the former prog
 I nosticated some dreadful event, whicl
 the latter betokened to be near. Ot
 the knight this anticipation had a ter
 'rible effect; he became pale and hag
 gard, and his countenance assumet
 such a disturbed appearance, the in
 mates of the castle were of opinion tha
 the apparition gave warning of hit
 death. It was not so.
 One day as was his custom, tilt
 knight rode to the chase, and in hit
 'present distraction of mind he ap
 proached, unaware, that part of tht
 country where the old woman with tht
 white hair had appeared to him, ant
 which he horn that time, had withgreai
 care avoidec. Again the dogs sprung
 up the heigh, howling, and looked
 fearful into the cavern. The affright
 ed baron in vain called them back,
 They stood as if fascinated on the
 dreadful spot; but on this occasion no
 one appeared to chase them away.
 i They then crept into the cavern, anti
 from its dark bosom the knight still
 heard their moanings and cries.
 At last he summoned resolution,
 sprung from his horse, and with de
 termined courage, clambered up the
 gteep height. Advancing into the cav
 ern he beheld the hounds crouched
 round a wretched mossy couch, on
 which the dead body of a woman lay
 stretched out.
 On drawing near her, he recognized
 the pure white hair of the formidable
 lantern bearer.
 The little horn lantern stood near
 her, on the ground, and the features
 were those of his only child!
 More slowly than the faithful hounds,
 who from the beginning had known
 their young mistress, did the unhappy
 knight become aware whom he saw be
 fore hitn; but dissipate every deubt,
 there lay a paper on the breast
 of the dead body, on which with
 her own blood, her hand had traced
 the following words:
 “In three nights the wanderer’s hair
 became white, through grief for the
 death of her lover.—She saw it in the
 brooks. Her hair he bad often called
 a net, in which his life was entangled.
 Net and life were both by one Stroke
 destroyed. She then thought of those
 holy ones of the church, who in humili
 ty have lived unknown and despised be
 neath the parental roof, and, as a
 penance, she has besought alms, from
 ner father’s castle, and lived among
 he rocks from which her lover fell.
 But her ponance draws near its end;
 the crimson stream fails. Ah! fath
 She would have written “father,”
 but the stream was exhausted, which,
 with unspeakable sorrow, the knight
 perceived bad issued from a deep wound
 in her left arm.
 He was found by bis servants near
the corpse, in silent prtver, his hounds
 moaning beside him. He buried his
 daughter in the cavern, from which he
 never afterwards came out. The un
 happy hermit forced every one from
 him; his faithful dogs alone he could
 not drive away; and mournfully they
 watched together by the side of their
 young mistress, and beside their sor
 rowing lord, and when he also died,
 their sad bowlings first made it known
 to the surrounding country.
 BEGinNtXC OF THE YEAR IN
 VARIOUS NATIONS.
 The Chaldeans’and Egyptians’year
 was dated from the autumnal equinox.
 The ecclesiastical year of the Jews be
 gan in the spring; but in civil affairs
 they retain the epoch of the Egyptain
 year. The ancient Chinese reckoned
 from the new moon nearest the middle
 of Aquarius. The year of Romulus
 commenced in March, and that of Nu
 ma in January. The Turks and Arabs
 date their year from the 16th of J&gt;ily.
 Dremschild, or Gemscliild, Ging of
 Persia, observed, on the day of his
 public entry into Persepolis, that the
 sun entered into Aries; and in com
 memoration of this fortunate event, he
 ordained the beginning of the year to
 be removed from the autumnal to the
 vernal equinox. The Brachmun begin
 their year w ith the new moon in April.
 The Mexicans begin in February, when
 the leaves begin to grow green. Their
 year consists of eighteen months, hav
 ing twenty days in each; the last five
 are spent in mirth, and no business is
 suffered to be done, nor even any ser
 vice in the temples. The Abyssiniana
 have five idle days at the end of their
 year, which commences on the ‘26th of
 August. The American Indians reckon
 from the first appearance of the moon
 at the vernal equinox. The Moham
 medans begin their year the minute in
 which the sun enters Aries. The Ve
 netians, Florentines, and the Pisans,
 in Italy, began the year at the vernal
 equinox. The French year, during
 the reign of the Merovingian race, be
 gan on the day on which the troops
 were reviewed, which was the Ist of
 March. Uhder the Carlovingians, it
 began on Christmas-day, and under
 t,.e Capetians on Easter-dav. The
 ecclesiastical begins on the first Sunday
 in Advent. Charles IX. appointed, in
 1564, that for the future the civil year
 should commence on the Ist of Janu
 ary. The Julian calendar, which was
 so called from Julius Caesar, and is the
 old account of the year, was reformed
 by Pope Gregory in 1582, which plan
 was suggested by Lewis Lilio, a Cala
 brian astronomer. The Dutch, and
 the Protestants in Germany, introduced
 the new style in 1700. The ancient
 clergy reckoned from the 25th M'.rch;
 and the method was observed in Britain
 until the introduction of the new style,
 A. D. 1752; after which our year
 commenced on the Ist of January.
 From tlie Union.
 IMPORTANT INVENTION.
 The following communication was
 1 handed to us by the author, Rufus Por
 ter, Esq., who is well known to us as
 the former eJit&lt; r of the Scientific Jimeri
 -1 can and as a man well versed in a
 I knowledge of the arts, and invention.
 He is a man of superior intelligence
 and of great honesty of character, and
 1 we do not hesitate to say, that any fact
 stated upon his own knowledge may be
 relied upon implicity. We do not
 know whether all the great result*
 which he anticipates from the invention
 which he describes, can be realized;
 but he has stated some remarkable
 facts, the results of his own oxperi
 meuts, which would seem to justify the
 anticipations in which he indulges, ll
 1 the invention shall turn out to be what
 the inventors now promise themseive
 it will be, it is certainly a most won
 derful discovery, and will create anew
 era in the arts and in civilization:
 Messrs. Editors: I am authorized
 to announce the discovery and practi
 cal test of the most important scientific
 invention ever yet produced or brought
 i to light since the world has been in
 habited by man—an invention which
 j must eventually, and almost immediate
 ly, produce an immense revolution in
 the commercial intercourse and busi
 ness in general throughout the world;
 ard, although it will break down and
 ruin many of the most important branch
 es of business and avenues of wealth,
 with hundreds of wealthy corporations
 and business establishments, yet it will
 build up thousands of others, and con
 tribute hundreds of millions to the
 benefit of mankind, especially to the
 American community.
 The first and main feature, and
 foundation of this invention, and which
 at once opens a field for hundreds ol
 other inventions, is the discovery by
 Henry M, Paine, Esq., of a ready and
 almost expenscless mode of decompos
 ing water and reducing it to the gase
 ous state. By the simple operation of
 a very small machine, without galvanic
 batteries, or the consumption of metals
 or ecids, and only the application ol
 less than one three-hundredth (1-iiOO)
 part of one horse power, Mr. Paint
 produces 200 cubic feet of hydrogen
 gaq and 100 feet of oxygen gas pel
 hour. This quantity of these gases,
 I (the actual cost of which is less than
 one cent) will furnish as much heat by
 combustion as 2,000 feet of the ordina
 ry coal gas, and sufficient to supply
 light equal to three hundred common
 lamps for ten hours; or to warm an
 ordinary dwelling-house twelve hours,
 including the requisite heat for the
 kitchen; or to supply the requisite heat
 for one horse power of steam, This
 invention has been tested by six
 months’ operation, applied to the light
 ing of houses, and recently the appli
 cability of these gases to the warming
 «&gt;f houses has also been tested with
 perfectly satisfactory results. A steam
 engine furnace and parlor stove, both
 adapted to the burning of these gases,
 have been invented, and measurefftaken
 for securing patents thereof.
 Mr. Paine has one of his machines,
 new and elegant, now in full operation
 aud publicly exhibited, aud may be
 expected to exhibit the same in this
 city within twenty days. The only
 actual expense of warming houses by
 this apparatus is that of winding up a
 weight (like the winding up of a clock)
 ones a day; and the heat produced may
 we as easily graduated and regulated
an the fleiae of a common gas-burner.
 No smoke whatever is produced, but a
 very small quantity of steam, sufficient
 to supply the requisite fnoisture to the
 atmosphere. In its application to the
 production of steam powet, it will re
 duce the expense thereof to the mere
 wear of machinery, ana will immedi
 ately produce an immense demand for
 sieatn engines, and induce the estab
 lishment of thousands of manufacturing
 mills, reduce the expense of traveling,
 and increase the demand for agricul
 tural produce, while it ruins the coal
 and gas business, and such manufac
 turing establishments as depend on
 monopoly and high prices. This in
 vention, moveover, removes completely
 the only obstacles which have hitherto
 existed to aerial navigation—the diffi
 culty of procuring hydrogen ga9, and
 carrying a supply of fuel; and it may
 now be considered a matter of tolerable
 certainty that men will be seen swiftly
 and safely soaring in various directions
 before the first of May next. These
 facts, being of immense importance,
 should not be longe r withheld; and 1
 therefore would avail myself of your
 widely-circulating journal to present
 them to the publie.
 Yours, respectfully,
 R. PORTER.
 Washington, Dec. 22, 1849.
[From the German of Jean Paul Richteo.]
 THE NEW YEAR’S NIGHT OF AN
 UNHAPPY MAN.
 An old man stood at the window or
 New Year’s uight gazing, with at. ex
 pression of fearful despondency, upon
 the motionless, unfading heavens, anc
 thence on the still, pure, white earth,
 on which there were none so friendless,
 so unblessed with repose as himself
 Meanwhile his grave opened near him
 It was no longer beautified by the
 verdure of youth, but desolate will
 •nows of age; and from the whole rich
 season of his life, he brought to it noth
 ing but errors, sins, and maladies, s
 shattered body and a blighted soul, a
 bosom full of poison and an old age
 I withered by remorse. The sunny dayt
 lof his youth tinted around him like
 spectres to drag him back to the cleai
 and early morning, when his fathei
 first placed him at the crossways ol
 life, of which the right be over the
 radiant road of virtue to a distant, quiet
 land lull of light and waving with har
 vests; the lelt over the decayed path ol
 vice, conducted to a dark cavern full ol
 distilling poisons, (rightful serpents,
 and dense, sweltering vapors.
 Ah! tlie seipents twined themselves
 ar nnd his breasts, and the poison
 drops fell upon his tongue, uniil he
 knew not where he was. In unutter
 able anguish he madly cried fo heaven,
 “Give me my youth again! Oh, father,
 place tne anew upon the diverging
 roads, that 1 may make another
 choice!” But his lather and his youth
 had passed away. He saw phantom
 tires dance over the fens, and become
 extinguished in the grave-yard, and he
 said, “They are my days of folly!”
 He beheld a star shoot trom heaven
 and bursting in its fail shroud itself in
 darkness on the earth. “Lo! it is I!”
 sighed a bleeding heart, while the fangs
 ot remorse buried themselves deeper
 in his rankling wounds.
 Feverish phantasy displayed to him
 the birds of ill-omen singing over the
 roofs; the windmill lifted up its huge
 arms as if to crush him; while a wizurd
 left in the dead-house, gradually as
 sumed his features. In the heat of his
 struggle, the new year’s music chimed
 down in the church towers like a dis
 tant sacred psalm. He was tenderly
 affected. He glanced around the hori
 zon and over the wide-spread earth; as
 he thought of the friends of his youth
 —who now, happier and better than
 he, were the models of society —the
 lathers of prosperous children and load
 ed with blessings—and he exclaimed,
 “Oh, I, like you, might have passed
 this first night with slumber resting on
 mine eyes unmoist w ith tears, had 1
 out been willing! I might have been
 happy, dear parents, had I fulfilled
 your new year’s wishes and given heed
 to your new year’s admonitions!”
 Amid these burning memories of his
 earlier hours, the wizard wearing his
 lineaments arose, until at last super
 stition, which sees spirits, and peers
 into futurity, transformed it into a liv
 ing youth, who, in the posture of the
 boy of the Capitol, was drawing a
 thorn from his foot; but his former
 blooming aspect was sadly and mys
 teriously changed.
 He could look no longer. He cov
 ered his eyes, from which a thousand
 hot tears were gushing out and stream
 ing down upon the snow. In agony
 that refused consolation, he only sigh
 ed, “Return,oh,youth, return!” And
 his youth did return, as on the year’s
 birth-night he had so fearfully dream
 ed. He was again a young man, but
 his wanderings were np yision. Never
 he less he thanked God that he could
 turn from the darksome paths of vice
 and start upon the sunny way of virtue,
 which stretched into the laud of the
 harvests.
 Turn with him, thou that standest in
 the way of errors? This terrible dream
 will at some future time by thy judge;
 but when, iu sorrowful accents, thou
 say, “Oh, beautiful hours of youth,
 return!” they may give no heed to thy
 summons.
They Sat. Whenever anybody
 comes to you with a story concerning
 somebody or anything, and prefaces it
 with the stereotype phrase, ‘ikey say
 you may rest assured that nine times
 out of ten, that report, remark, or
 story, is a lie. When the author of a
 report must be suppressed, there is
 something wrong in 'Denmark.’ No
 story, true in all its parts, need be
 prefaced with 'they say Let those who
 know it report it boldly, or keep it an
 entire secret. We could bring some
 illustrations of this subject, did we
 deem it at all necessary. No doubt
 every man will readily apply it to him
 self.—Columbia Dan.
Whatever Gcd has made m per
 fect,” said a western preacher to his
 hearers.—" What do you think of me?”
 said a hunchback, rising and Exhibit
 ing bis own deformity. "Think of
 you&gt;” replied the preacher—"why,
 that you are as perfect A hunchback
 as I ever saw in my life.”
2Upertmmcnto.
Asylim (or the Hick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic aad Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, S.Y. Tills Institution
 is now firmly established and in soccesafol opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses eyery diseat e:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used ia every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the en/y
 os principal lenoedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class ol
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems «f practice, and are still unable to
 walk or’ stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in thia Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many hare
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 i try, w'ho had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 I who hare beep unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and iu the course of a few week*
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of tbe Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, anti even if tliev have heen confined to
 their beds’ from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 l»ear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. \Veakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Hide, .Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol ttie Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Oosliveneas, Di
 undue a, Suppression of the Mensem, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and .lands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kfbds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consunmtiod ill
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility,
 i The proprietor lias given his whole attention to
 I the aliove diseases for the last ten years, ami has
 treated tliem in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieeu his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking t 6 obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 -1 gition or deception, so that no one need lie to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one wbo wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mu into the Institution, to advance the money ami
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 I States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment,and give a bond to hoard them,
 1 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if lie does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking tbe above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepi esentotions and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, car, let the prourie-
 I tor know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it stall lie
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 f and tile proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 bv its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 efiooseto make a confact in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have heen made in this institution, liecause
 tliev must soon be lielieved; but to let it lie mot
 extensively known to the jmor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and w ithout much or any
 tienefir, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any oilier one tlie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 I they are materially benefited.
 F ro in the nature of treatment in «his Institution,
 the nninber ofpatient* must be limited, therefoie the
 proprietor does not solicit tbe patronage of slight and
 j ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othei
 systems’of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unlers they wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie niaile well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day iu
 j succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as lie means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent r-ystem of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tut ion and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 'PHIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser-
 J- vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of ail the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, a# being in every rcs|iect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Spnngjuld, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 They warrant entire satisfaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl4~6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 patliy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on’ a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, ami
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-live years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in ibis condition nearly a
 vear. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Hept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to hei
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen toi
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy litem iu common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Fre« Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31,Nortl
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities am
 width; thin Muslin for lutings, brown and colored;
 Bud Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick'; Bed Ticking, an *f
 cclleiit article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cottno,
 gt&gt;„ kc.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information
 ,n*v be addressed to J Miller MeKim, 31,N&lt;&gt;rtl
 Fifth-street; Danisl L. Miller, Tenth-street; or b
 James Mott’, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. —*f
Colored Sailers* Hone,
 330, Petri Street, New York.
 FRIEND* •fa-e, and strangers ou a visit
 to New Yora, can now be accommodated wid
 as good Board,and at as lowa price aa in srfy otbei
 honse in tha city. The house ja large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, end every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POwELL.
 May 11,1840.
HateteTs Eclectic Metical lastltvte,
 a»4 Water-fare Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 •taring fourteen yen re, for the ewe of alt Chronic
 Disease*, awl such cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tient* have been restored to health awl usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find n lief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who hail been confined tej their
 beds for years, and who were almost in &lt;fcsoair
 have had renewed hope and courage when they hare
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as thems&lt; Hrcs, have been cured by (hi*
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those wlto are laboring under CHRONIC. NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 he., which produce symptoms ot almost all other
 diseases, with iheir accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPS 1A ,RH EU M ATIS M,N EURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OI- THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRIT? PAR
 TI.4L INSANITY, and a host of oilier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not core—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, lime awl money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon mediriues as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH E L ECTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half tlie lime it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to he successful, which is not
 die case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 ofthe womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites! suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident In
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are w illing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from die diseases
 incident ro their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few raonihs’trentmcnt, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 lulior, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This lias never failed to lie
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless tlie patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in the* unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 ease*, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 i such as desire it. who enter the Institution, follow the
 i rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 I give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, w ithout
 finding it; that hero they w ill not s|iend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or iin
 i positions will lie practiced upon them,
 i The modus operanth of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined Jot years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 4 8 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard totheir ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To produce t/us almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy curt is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more atiout our
 system of treatment for Luno dis, ases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with tlie most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B.—Our room i* limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be nddressed to Halsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mavor, anti
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfiunery Emporium, 114, Blarkstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly in
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities an&lt;
 styles.
 Fiue and heavy Shirting, Sheeting#, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain ami neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Clot]is, of different styles.)
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling 4tr.
 Long ami half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crashed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Tlie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite tlie attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much (tains is taken by tlie Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to lime.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Nqrthweat corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and aitout sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87 i cU. iu muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to tiiose who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 Women from various authors, 12£ rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W, Bro\vn’s lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and uaefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the busiuess of the office
 to lie directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul-rtf
 “Every M»» Msoira Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR,
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As (ta title page
 indicates, it is ‘‘THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 heahh, and rides for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines ami ai tides for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 ‘‘THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties»de*ci»pt»n,
 medical properties and doses, use, rime of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful 'for every fam
 ily to know, and written expresaly foe family
 The Herb Book is devoted solely u,
 cat Botany, and will furnish on that |k,i»i ail the
 aesired information wanted for generallose.”
 Tha two books are put up sod t»uud fogrtiter and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 U Tki synqaanss of onek disease are carefully given
 ,o taat one may be recognized from another, to prt
 mat prweristag in the dark; abo the treatment, a
 •ketnfiofgeneral +ymhg m* redes lor kggpfag
 m health, together with observations ou their causes,
 *seas ef avoiding' dclSterisah iodMsbs., lend tudt
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for both
 maU and female.
The book hM bmm writ!?* wMi giwt core, in
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by even person, and by a practical physi
 ciau thorough bnuaiw. W» ma raeo.nmend
 it with entire cooWeace. ae beiaf a week #"pcrior
 in all rrmectft to any other book of tlie kinil erer
 pobli*h#n at the price.
 Families in the country and especially thee by.
 ing in new countries ancf unhealthy tlimatw, shoiiM
 not 6ail*lo procure a copy ami have it at all tones at
 I hand, in case of wcknes* as they might thereby by
 i si roe simple remedy save an expensive and piotroc
 ted doctors trill. Whether wH or sick, such a book
 should 1* in every house os a safe and sura adviser
 n lime of need, the direction given for persons in
 health rar.not lie too strictly attended to by all.
 Tim price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may laire a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tbr hook is pm up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aart of the Unites! States.
 iff- Any person sending ns m* dollar by mail, anti
 pud paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him fret of postage
 Senti in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by until, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th"*ir destination.
 Foot fnmihrs ran chib together and M'ml a
 lollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the State# to sell
 this work, almost erery family will purchase it it
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from S2U
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 oorfpW, GEO. W.TTSI’ER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
[g, W, iVrEBCHANrS]
 O t Si K If H A r-K l&gt;
 rAHOLING OIL.
 IniK h«)K&gt;ks a. hi &gt;i\\ n i&gt;hJ

UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS T It K MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fnllv proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY ha# not its equal
 on the lint of |K&gt;pular medicine#, having leen before
 the public for more than fbnrteen years. Testimo
 ny of die most disinterested chaiacter f its won
 dertul effcciH 011 the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, ami the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully"employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 afflkT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of fact# and philosophy, start at tin
 assertion that any one remedy cao possess within
 itself the virtue ot curing many disease*. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal f amily Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, nmong many others in the cute of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 lections, Bite* of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boil#, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruise?, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 111 cart". Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings,
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such an
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 WindgaU, Foil Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gall# of all kino#,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 {Fistula,Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 1 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 |OR GREASE MANGE, FARCY, dv.,
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of na
 tients themselves, and others wno have used the Oil,
 of cure# w hich in themselves appear so remarkable
 that wart they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The_ celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed yuur Gargl ng Oil in
 j various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 us a liniment, w ith marked success, ttnd would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affection#, where external
 means are necessary. As a discuticnt, it i* harm
 less v-lieie the febrile symptom* have been reduced
 by general treatment, lu such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means now in
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, anti to counteract iniimumaiion in a remark
 able manner, lu bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the bands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been s&lt; well adapted to the prompt cun*
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it lias been
 very justly t ailed a Complete Panacea for the Horse.
 For instance, read the inflowing;
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is. to certify that I have had for many years die
 care of from one bundled to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’» Gargling Oil for
 two year# past, ami can safely say, that lot all the
 niseases that horses me liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. I use almut one liottle per month, and re
 eotntr.enJ it to the public as the he.-l medicine for
 hisses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tlie proprietor will In
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 der# are accomplished by the use of tlu* medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin,!,. B
 B«’*b, Winslow Young, 11. D. Ware
 Rochester.
 II E Gaylord, Henderson fc Pandersnu, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, 0.; McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greonman Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6 m
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Re-t itu&lt;
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE w id. -spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cal- i Jtrs it needless to say much in their praise.
 As hi .y organs, they stand far in advance of
 anyliikig of die sort now published, w hile the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often fouud in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views ef the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted Ov his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is ef the very highest erder. The
 i v\ estiuinster, though reprinted uuuer that title only,
 is pubtiseed in England under the title of 'lhe For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of tiie two Reviews formerly republished ar.d
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this csiubuKriion of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals ai e reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arriVal by the British steamers,
 in a benutitul clear type, on tine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition,
 PRICKS FOB 1849, (ir SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Review*, 83 0B per annnm.
 For any two do h Off
 For any three do
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 0U
 For Blaekwood V Magazine, SM
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 800
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made tn all cases m advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular situ
 script km for three—the toorth copy being gratis.
 Edi O* EARLY COPIER.
 A law amusement with the British publisher*
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to ns early sheets
 that work, by which we shall be able M place the
 entire numbet in tbc hands of subscribers before nay
 portion of it nut be reprinted in ally of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantage, secured tn
 t»« subscribers wo pay so largo a consideration, that
 wo may be compelled to raise the puce of the Maga
 atne.- Therefore w* repent *splMMho early while
 ■be ftwakmL V the pubMw”
 LEONARD BCOTT k Co.,
 ti&gt;, Fukon Street, New York,
