Breaking up at the Slave Trade.
 The December number of the Maryland
 Colonisaiion Journal” haa a very interesting
 article, which aeta out with the formal an
 nouncement of a fact which haa otherwiaeand
 lars suihoralively been made public—to wit,
 that the famous slave mart so long known and
 held in execration under th=» name oi Gallinas,
 haa at last been effectively broken up by the
 persevering blockade of the British cruisers.
 The traders there have de i oli»hed ibe barra
 eoons, or slave pens, given up all the slaves in
 their possessions to the British comntodore,
 and nude arrangements for their own removal,
 and that ol their properly, to Sieira Leone.
 So far, then, the crowning work'Of slavt
 trad* extinction, at leaai on this part of tlu
 African coast, has haen effected; the danger
 remains that Galhnas may again become a
 slave marl, when the system of cruizing anu
 blockading shall be abandoned by the British
 Government, as will probably be the case be
 fore any long time shall have elapsed; and the
 only efficient safeguard against this danger it
 the aqulsition of the territory by the Republic
 of Liberia, either through purchase or con
 quest.
 The whole coast, through an extent of 15
 00 miles, from the Gambia to Cape Palmas;
 was, in former years, doited with slave marls,
 or stations; but Galliuas, taking its name
 from a river at the mouth of which it lies,
 was the principal and most atetive. This dis
 tincUon it owed, mainly, to the peculiar f.rcii
 ities afforded by its situation; the post being,
 in fact, a cluster of small islands, giving ample
 opportunities tor escape and hiding in time oi
 need, aud the bv* at the mouth of the mei
 m .king it difficult and dangerous fur cruisers
 to enter, and in the rainy season being alm.isi
 impassable. It lias bean eaiiraaied (hat for
 years some ten thousand slaves per annum
 were shipped from this marl alone.
 The principal manager of this business—
 for there were several merchants or factors a&gt;
 Gallmaa—waa a Spaniard, Don Pedro Blan
 co. He was a man of intelligence and edu
 cation; possessed ot great ealih, gentleman
 ly in his manners, humane uud generous a?
 bis calling would allow him to be, and exer
 cised an almost unbounded influence among
 the native*.
 He lived in a semi-barbarous manner, ai
 Mice as a private gentlemen and an African
 prince. He maintained several establish
 ments; one on an island near the river's mouth
 which was his place of business or of trade
 with foreign vessels, that came lo Gallinas to
 dispose of merchandise; on another island,
 mure remote, was his dwelling house, where
 he kept hia ptvate office, his books, dined,
 took his siesta, slept, &amp;c. Ou a third «s.&gt;
 hia seraglio of native wives, each in her seve
 ral dwelling, af-erthe manner of native chiefs.
 Independent of all these were his barracuont
 of sla.es, of greater or less extent, as circum
 stances required.
 As an illustration both of his authority and
 of the determination wnh which it was exer
 cised, it is related of him that being on one
 occasion at a point on the btach, some distance
 from Gsllmas, where his person was mu
 known he approached the hut ol a native aim
 required the owner, who was sitting at tin
 door, to briQg him a light for his segar; tin
 man refused, on which Bianco drew’ back,
 took a a carbine from one of his attendants,
 and laid the native dead at his leei. To hi
 alaves, however—his human merchandize—
 he waa uniformly humane and kind, taking
 good cate ofilieui in sickness, supplying them
 with abundant and wholesome loud, smelly
 prohibiting improper intercourse between hie
 subordinate and the females, and never allow
 iog any to be flogged or utbetwise. misused.
 Tbe first peculiarity noticed by visitors to
 Gallinas was an arrangement of numerous
 look-outs, or watch staimus, consisting oi lof
 ty seats, fifty or a hundred feel above the
 ground, either among the branches of tall
 trees or on the tops of high poles, whence
 •aotiuels were always scanning the horizon,
 with good glasses, as well to descry the ap
 proach of traders in want of slaves, as to give
 warning of a visit f rom a hostile cruizer.
 Auoot a mile from the river’s mouth was a
 cluster of islands, on each of w hich was loca
 ted Uie factory ot some particular slave mer
 chant. The buildings, generally, consisted
 a business ro .in, with warehouse attached
 filled with merchandize and provisions, and a
 barracoon lor the slaves; the whole built by
 •cuing rough stakes or small trees into the
 ground, these being wauled together with
 withes and covered with thatch. That con
 taining the slaves was much the strongest,
 sod generally surronnded by,or connected with
 a yard iu w hich the slaves were permuted to
 exercise daily. There were some ten or
 twelve of these establisnmnms, each contain
 ing iforn 100 to 500 slaves. One contained
 sear 1000 which it was expected, would be
 shipped daily. Each banacoon waa in charge
 of from two to four while men, Spanish oi
 Portaguese.
 They bad all suffered more or less from the
 fever, were very weak, much emaciated oi
 swollen by dropsy or diseased spleens, and
 DMie of them particularly clean The slaves
 were as well taken care of as could be expec
 ted, when provisions were plentiful in the
 country,but in scarcity they suffered severely.
 Many instances have occurred wherein whole*
 barracoon* of slave* have been let loose tbi
 want of food: and it may well be
 their owner would allow them to suffer sc
 verely beloie giving them up. For this rea
 son and because they can be stowed moft
 closely in a vessel, children are generally
 preferred to adults. Another peculiar feaiuu
 of the place was the collection of long canoes
 and boats, all kept ready for the dispatch ol
 claves the moment an opportunity should oc
 cur. Probably one thousand slaves could be
 shipped in tour hours, ail things tavoiable. In
 case the coast is dear of armed vessels, and a
 slaver appeals in the offing, her signal is at
 once recognized. She is signalized in return
 to e &gt;me in, and if she is watered and piovis
 ioned for the voyage, and deck-laid, which l.
 usually the case, she does not even come to
 anchor, but stands close in the bar, whete
 she is met by the whole fleet of canoes and
 boats, the contents ot which are speedily pui
 on board; she then stands off or up the coast
 again, the canoes return to the barracoon fin c
 more staves, again to meet outside the bar as
 before. Sometimes however ihey are not ao
 fortunate, even when not molested by a man
 of-war. The bar at the river’s mouth is not 1
 unfrequently dangerous, even in the dry sea
 son, soar in the anxiety to ship the slaves
 they run great hazards, and many a boat load
 of poor w retches becomes food for sharks,
 which often follow such boats and canoes in S
 great cumbers. c
In the Liberator of last wtek, we find an
 eloquent account of the Boston Bazaar, from
 which we extract the following:
 Mrs. Thomas. Mjss Carpenter as Mr*.
 Rick aids again enriched the lLzaar by then
 very beautiful drawings in w ater colors and
 dtw.
 But perhaps the most ingenious and attrac
 tite object in the whole Bazaar, and the one
 that elicited the liveliest expressions of won*
 der sod sduiirstion, wss the model of ‘A
 Da* Village Club and Fur, in the
 West of ißoglsnd.’ This was the work and
 gift of Mr. Mitchell and Miss Ames, of Bris
 tol, and we are not surptised to learn that
 aix months were occupied in its construction
 We feel that no words of ours can equal the
 vary lively and piquant discretion of the
 •ante, by another Bristol lady, and we will
 therefore take the liberty of subjoining it,
 ■remising that the description is not in the
 least overcolored
 *1 chanced, one bright May morning, to be
 riding through a pleasant part of Somerset*
 •bite, and after passing through a long lane
 ef beauty with the roost perfect quiet, J came
 suddenly, at a turn in the road, upon a large
 village green and my attention wae instant
 ly withdrawn from my own meditations, sod
 attracted to the acene befote me. Between
 one and two hundred persons, and all kinds
 ef animats, were eolleeted on this spot, and 1
 fade so, amidst the merry laughter of some,
the eager talking of others, the about* of
 children, the balking of dogs, the braying of
 asae*. tbe whistle of the ;&lt;enn; uuutpet, the
 buy a broom” of one girl, and tbe “pleese
 give me a halfpenny” of another. Soon I
 caught tbe well-known, cbeerful sound of the
 village ♦'and, as it paraded before ooe of the
 prettiest gioups of girta, marshalled in order
 of two and two, and all bending their siepe
 to the centre of the greeo, where stood the
 aitiaction of the day, the far-famed May Pole.
 Thi'se young girls, peihape twenty in Dum
 ber, were dressed in w bite, with blue scarfs,
 and at the loot of the Pole stood those who
 were to be elected King and Queen.
 O, what a happy, cheerful sight waa there
 befot’eme! Here, a booih with rare mil
 linery. with the dainty seller of the same;
 another stall had a supply of the prettiest
 porcelain then came one with a collection ot
 toys, ot all deactipitons, and children, eager
 ly longing for each and all, as they were dis
 played by the vender. In another part, 1
 espied a boy, just made the happy possessoi
 of a skipping rope, which he had scaicely had
 time to whirl over bi* head. Then there
 came the attractive stall of toffy, and lolly
 pups, and gingerbread, and barley augar, and
 all iho tempting store of sweets. There a
 little cage held the “Happy family,” dog,
 cat, bird, mouse, in most harmonious ease.
 Then the swing,' and the ever delightful
 inerry-go-round, and “do look here”; Punch
 and Judy showing off; “du come,” ciies one;
 ‘Stop,’ 1 says anuther, “one minute, heie is a
 monkey rid Jin* on a dog—what fun Look
 at the gypscy woman with her child on hei
 back and, better still, there’s a show—The
 Great Serpent—do let us go in Hera is a
 stall of such pretty things, baas, and baskets,
 and ribbons, and combs, and fans, and every
 tfiing W hut a pile of vegetables! 0, do
 look at that old beggar! And there stands
 the covered cart, which, I dare say, brought
 many of ihese things here. What fat men—
 w hat fine women—what meny children
 have not seen one half of the stalls and peo
 ple yet, and must pass on. But one moment
 1 must wait still, for they will sing God save
 the Queen directly one of the girls has just
 unfuiied the flag on which it is written. All
 this, and much more,! saw and heard.
 But, gentle reader, do you really think I
 saw and heard all this If you do, l am
 bound to undeceive you, and to tell you, that
 this joyous, bappy scene was all faithfully
 portrayed by ladies’ taste and ladies’ fingers,
 on a platform of coik, and materials of bread,
 and paints, and beads, and such like fairy
 means. It was beheld by me, not on the hr ght
 and flowery green, on the first of the bloom
 ing of May, but in a parlor of a house in
 Park street, Bnsiol, and on one of the dullest
 days of dull November. But it teas one blaze
 of light lor its purpose was, lo give pleasure
 •o our trans-Atlantic brethren, by showing
 them an old world rural scene, and giving its
 proceeds to aid the cause of freedom to the
 -lave!’
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 1, 1850.
The North Star is sometime* sent to friends
 who do not lake the pii|er, in the hope that they
 may tee fit to subirrile for it. Subecrption* tod
 donations for the name may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Docgla**, Rochester,
 N. Y.
{^Wasted —.Several TraVelliso Agists,
 to procure vubscribers for the North Star. A
 libetal commission will be given. Non* need apply
 tnit such a* can bring good recommendation* for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred-
 CRICK DocgLaSS, Rochester, N. Y.
Notice to Subscribers.
 Business and other communications, con
 nected with the “North Star” establishment,
 must hereafter be directed to Frederick Dou
 glass, Rochester, N. Y., he having taken the
 management of the business affairs of the pa
 fe; upon his own hands.— f. d.
Notice to Subscribers.
 Pay up! Pay up!! Pay up!!!
 The subscribers to “the North Star” (in
 Rochester, especially,) are earnestly requested
 to forward their subscriptions for our third
 volume, at once. Let ua start with a light
 heart, a clean sheet, and a fair bre«e, upon
 the voyage of the year, of which this is the
 commencement.—r. o.
Notice to oar British Subscribers.
 The subscribers to “the North Star” in
 England, Scotland, and Ireland, are desired to
 forward their subscriptions to Miss E. Nichol
 son, 11 HowgilJ street, Whitehaven, by Post
 office orders.—p. d.
Remond and Gibbs in the Field
 ANTI-SLAVEKY MEETINGS.
 Mifflin W. Gibbs, of Pennsylvania, and
 Charles Lenox Remond, of MassachuMits,
 will visit and address «he people on tlje above
 subject, in the following places:
 January 31st, Thursday, Canandaigua-.
 February Ist, Friday,
 3d i Sunday, Rushville.
 4tb, Monday, Penn Yan.
 sih, Tuesday,
 6*b, Wednesday, Branchport.
 7ih, Thursday, Prattsburg.
 Bth&amp;9th, Frid.&amp; Sat. Bath.
 10&amp;11th, Sun. Si Mo. Corning.
 12ih, Tuesday, Elmira,
 13th, Wednesday, Millpoit.
 Let our fiiends in the above places givt
 'ur friends Remond and Gibb§ a cordial re&lt;
 eption, and secure for them large audiences
 y circulaiing ihe notices far and wide, am
 hereby advance our glorious cause.
 Rochester, Jan. 30, 1850.
1 have been requested by the Lawrence
 Sentinel to publish a speech made in the
 city of Lawrence, at the Quarterly Meeting
 of the Essex County Ami-Slavery Society.—
 I regret my inability to comply with the re
 quest, so kindly made by the editor of that
 paper. I spoke on that occasion without
 notee, and on the impulse of the moment; and
 am sure that at.y attempt at an accurate te
 pott, on my part, would be a failure.— w. j&gt;.
We received with pleasure, some time
 since, communications from our friend, F. T.
 M.,of Leicester, England. Will he favor
 us with a renewal of his poetical effusions on
 philanthropic subjects.
Samuel R. Wasp charges us with sanc
 tioning uncourteouH remark!, which be al
 leges to have been used at the recent Con
 tention at Syracuse. We deny this, and
 pronounce Mr. Ward to be We
 were neither called upon to sanction nor to
 disown the opinions given by Messrs. Piib
 bury and Foster. We thought thst every
 man tn that Convention was responsible only
 for hie own expressed views. Don't be in
 harry for a misunderstanding, brother Ward.

 Witt some kind English friend occasion
 ally rend us a Loodon Times ne«« 4 »per.
A Southern C«««U« Di lTC
 the Üblob*
 Nothing ilJwtrttee better the timid and
 •elfish material of which the Northern preaa
 •od Northern politicians ate composed, and
 the keen sagacity of slaveholders, than the
 effect usually produced by threatening the
 dissolution of the American Union. This
 threat has ever been the chosen instrumeo
 in the hands of the South, to bumble, sub
 dee and alarm the North into n compliance
 with the most unjust, dishonorable, and scan
 dalous behests of Slavery. We must give
 the slaveholders credit for profound skill in
 the use of this mode of assault. They have
 resorted to it only when all others have
 failed, and have never allowed the public
 mind to become so familiar with it as to des
 troy the terror with which it is contemplated.
 They have thereby been able to use it all
 the mote successfully in sueh emergencies as
 have demanded its exercise. We would not
 imply that this hune bugbear has lost none of
 his power; for such is far from being the
 case. Many there are who once trembled at
 the thought of dissolving the Union, who
 can now read of and hear the proposition
 beiog urged, no matter how vehemently,
 w ith the utmost composure. In fact, there
 are petsons of much intelligence, who are
 situated in positions altogether favorable to
 forming a correct judgment, wbo pronounce
 all the threats of disunion from the South as
 the most unmitigated of shams. We are not
 certain but that this is a correct estimate oi
 the character of such threats, as they drop
 from the lips of Southern politicians. We
 have no ides that with their knowledge ol
 the exposed condition of the South, from
 foes within—from foes without, any one ol
 1 them would be willing to reduce his rainbow
 views of disunion to the stern Teality oi
 practical operation. With them it is the
 long gun without powder or ball—a mere
 cloud without rain. They well know the
 hazardous position which the isolated South
 would then occupy and we are persuaded
 that the blindnesa they now evince is more
 seeming than real. We apprehend, there
 fore, no danger to the Union, from Southern
 politicians. The only source, at the South,
 whence danger to the Union may be ration
 ally apprehended, is, that by familiarizing
 'he masses with the ides of disunion, as the
 remedy for fancied evils, the latter may, in
 the blindness of their ignorance, produce a
 tide in favor of disunion, so violent that even
 the statesmen of the South may not be able
 successfully to resist it. The case now sup
 posed would not be without a parallel; and
 yet we have no hopes of a dissolution of the
 Union even from that source for there is not
 a slaveholder of any intelligence in the land,
 j w ho does not know that the American Union
 is the most powerful bulwark that protect!
 slavery in the South. To dissolve the Union
 would be to exclude the Southern Siatei
 from the sympathy and respect of the civil
 ized world. They wou d be shut up within
 the limits of their own horrid slave prisons,
 and left alone to grapple with the strong
 arms of their sable bondmen. Woe to the
 slaveholder when the Union is dissolved!
 -Whither can he look for succor when hit
 dominion shall be disparted by his
 victim The spirit of the age—the move
 ments of the world, are tending mutually in
 the establishment of liberty and justice among
 mankind. Ever; year adds its fearful lesson,
 written in characters of blood, to startle and
 to stun the tyrant and the oppressor into a
 sense of their guilt, and to lead them to re
 pentance. It is no time now for slavery to
 isolate itself. To stand alone is to stand
 where the accumulated bolts of** world's
 public opinion may descend, and exterminate
 the system for ever.
 We did not propose to speculate as to the
 probabilities of a dissolution of the Union,
 in the present remarks; but we desired to
 call attention to an article in the Rochester
 Daily American of Monday last, as a speci
 men of the success of Southern bluster in
 alarming that paper into apprehensions for
 the safety of this Union. A mure frothy,
 shallow, puerile and contemptible piece of
 servility we hive seldom, of iste, seen in a
 Northern paper; and certainly never in a
 paper of this peculiarly free and liberal city.
 It seems that the writer has been spending
 two years in the State of Georgia, where he
 has become quite enamored of the peculiar
 institution. How such a creature could ever
 be thought a fit person to edit the Rochester
 American, is too mysterious for. oar ken.
 He would have answered, perhaps, pretty
 well for that post fifteen years ago; be is
 certainly not up to the spirit of these times,
 and may be deemed far behind u.e present
 age. Tbia new editor of the American
 treats his readers to the following dish of!
 editorial twaddle
Knowing how much Whig*, and Whig
 journals have suffered, by resisting fanatic*
 and fanaticism at the South, 1 cannot but
 hope that their political friends at the North
 wiU nut render their eflutts to preserve the
 i integrity of the Un.on utterly fruitless. If
 I any great good was expected to accrue from
 all this popular agitation, from one extreme
 of the empire to the other, this hope of good
 might be something like sn offset to much
 positive evil. But it has put off the begin
 ning of emancipation in Kentucky, at least
 quarter of a century, and pais)&gt;aed the
 tongues and pens of every friend of the mea
 sure in the fifteen slavelioldtng States. In
 calculable injury has been done to the slaves,
 and so far as 1 can discover, no benefits
 have come to freemen anywhere.
 Here yon have it! The sufferings oj
 the Whig journals to preserve the inte
 grity of the Union T’ This dear Whig editor
 would alleviate the sufferings of the Whig
 journals, calm the troubled waves of po] ulsr
 agitation, and preserve the integrity of the
 Union illuttriogg patriot! He sees no
 good itr this agitation—this opposition to the
 extension of slavery—this demand for the
 abolition of slavery and the accursed slave
 trade in the District of Columbia,—is all this
 he sees naught but positive evil Pity
 he sorrows of a poor old man 111l 11 He says,
 that this agitation has pot off the beginning
 »f emancipation in Kentucky, at least a quar
 ter of a century, and paralyzed the tongues
 and pens of every friend of the measure in
 the fifteen slsveholdmg States. Will Mr.
 Lee* of the American, tell as how many
 tongues” every friend oi
 the measure" he*. Row does be know that
 this agitation has put off the beginning of
 emancipation in Kentucky stall? I* this thr
 usual effect of agitation f Did the agitation
 Ibf *m|rxg*in9ftA|) offrM fgt yMajJ tkmt
 wmMdhrafv wimp mm ueueas tMml
measure Did the agitation fot, the abolition
 of slavery ia the Wm India erfoako aarve
 to “pot off” that measure Did the ag«a
 tion for tiie abolition of the corn-laws ia
 England, pot off tba consummation of that
 measure! If ao, the enetnie* of each and of
 all (boat measures ought to have bean fote
 most in supporting such agitattooa, aa the
 beat means of preserving the integrity of the
 iostitations sought to bo abaliebed. How we
 wish this editor could make the slaveholder
 believe that the heat way to pat off emanci
 pation, »to unite with the abolitioniata, sup
 port their papers, hoy their books, pay their
 lecturers, help them to bold Conventions, and
 and by every means of agitation, put off*'
 the day of emancipation. It would teem
 that our worthy editor differs somewhat (to
 compare a little man with a great one) from
 i Calhoun, who is a man of admitted
 •hiewdneas and foresight. The latter thinks
 if this agitation is permitted to go on, it will,
 in the nature of things, pervade the land,
 and destroy slavery. But then Mr. Lee has
 spent two years in Georgia, and his opinion
 must be taken as good against that of Cal
 houn He says, that “incalculable injury haa
 b?en done to the slaves, and aa far aa he can
 discover, no benefits have come to freemen
 anywhere.” Now we have not a very light
 opinion of this gjmUeman's powers of disco
 very. He is able to discover incalculable
 injuries” to slaves in simply asserting iheir
 right to be free. Why will not our cotetn
 porary point out to us a few of these incal
 culable injuries f Give us facts, brother
 editor, instead of your vain and stupid ima
 ginings.
 The following is another chip from the
 same rotten block:
 “I submit that something is due from the
 friends of the Union at the North, to those
 Southern men of both parties, who cheer
 fully make no inconsiderable petsonal sacri
 fices to prevent civil war and bloodshed.—
 Fur, as the Louisville Journal truly remarks,
 the Federal Government never will be sev
 eied, till sectional antipathies, which alone
 can cause a separation, must lead to long and
 sanguinaty hostilities.”
 Something is due from the North”!—
 Will our brother tell us what is due?
 What has Hot the North sacrificed for the
 preservation of this unhallowed Union? It
 haa bartered sway its conscience, to swearing
 to return the fugitive slave to bondage, and
 to put down slave insurrections. It has ex
 pended nearly thirty millions in an infernal
 slave hunt in the ever-glades of Florida, to
 preserve the Uniou. It has annexed Texas:
 and has uniformly voted for slaveholders and
 their mean abettors, to fill tne highest offices
 of honor and profit in the gift of the nation, 1
 to preserve the Union. What mure would
 this Whig editor ask Something is due!"
 Come, try your hand, and tell us uhat it is!
 We give another splash from the pen of
 this tender-hearted editor:
 Few appreciate how much pain the hare
 discussion of such a topic in the lamily circle
 at the South, causes in female bosoms, whose
 only fault is, that they were born to an
 inheruance which the bad policy (not ’great,’
 as the oompositor made me say iu a previous
 letter) has lastened on their country.”
 How his gnxious heart xpjpitaies aa Jte
 thinks of the pain and shuddering experi
 enced by the white alavehoJding ladiea of the
 South, when the subject of slavery is men
 tioned l His sympathies are easily excited
 for these; but the hideous howls and piteous
 cries of black women, under the bloody lash
 of an obdurate slaveholder, awaken no in
 dignation, excite no sympathy, in the breast
 of this worse than Northern dough-facd.—
 The only fault of these slaveholding la&amp;Mts,
 that they are born to an inheritance of human
 flesh, aa their property. How much are they
 to be commiserated And ia he not an ob
 durate and cold-blooded man, who can witness
 the agitation of those anxious “female bo-
 sad nut be moved to compassionate
 their unfortunate predicament
 We do c w* marvel that those wicked white
 women of who have no more sense
 of justice M»n «o veb their equal sisters of
 their hard earnings; who have no mote tee!-
 ing than to cause them to be driven to the
 field under a driver’s lash; who have no
 better idea of than to breed
 children for the slave market, in utter disre
 gard of the marriage tie;—we say we do not
 marvel that such hardened and guilty crea
 tures should be agitated when their dark and
 damning crimes are subjected to exposure.
 The remainder of this remaikable article ia
 similar to what we have quoted. We give it
 entite, without further note or comment. It
 speaks for itse f.—r. d.
 If li e people of tbs slsveholding States
 could be permitted to humanise and elevate
 the negro race without the assistant j of citi
 zens in the free Slates, the existing laws
 against teaching slaves to read and write,
 would anon become t dead letter, if thev
 were not geneiallt repealed. Now, those
 that would gladlv see them rise in the scale
 of intelligence, comfort, and freedom, cannot
 lift a fi iger to ameliorate their condition,
 without exciting suspicions which jeopard
 I heir «*wu and result in anything but
 good to toe slave. It is the non-slavebtdders,
 many of whom cannot rAud, that do not care
 to see negroes educated better than them
 selves. An intelligent servant being worth
 twice as much as a stupid one, why should a
 well informed slaveholder oppose the en
 lightenment of persons whom he is proud to
 call “my people”!
 “The non-slaveholders have this whole
 matter in their own hands; and they diffei
 entirely ftom the Providence Journal, which
 stated a few days stnee, that it is for the in
 terests of those who hold no slaves to abolish
 the institution. Among the h unde reds of
 intelligent and not intelligent men, not slave
 holders, with whom i have poavetaed on this
 subject, during a residence of over two years
 in Georgia, I never found one who would
 consent to the liberation of slaves on any
 terms, and permit them to remain in the
 State. There may be Northern States
 whose people would rejoice to have aa many
 Georgia slaves citizens among them, ss there
 are white Peri Mis; but I doubt the fact. At
 all events, before five hundred thousand are
 imported, the friends of the measure had
 belter reside a year or two ia a community
 where persona of African descent outnumber
 all Others. As no man h*g more than one
 life to live, and that any let be a long one.
 soom little eboiee in oompeoy is allowable,
 even in this age of equal rights. L M
 Rev. S. J. May.—This philanthropist was
 in this eity on Sunday, and delivered thtee
 discourses. His rermons are made up mostly
 of appeals to the better elements of human
 nature, and iff eloquent enforcements of the
 Christian standard of morality. The op*
 P*weed sod the enslaved are never forgotten
 •itbee ia the prayers the preaching of Mr.
 May,—g. a.
Kdlfwnal Item,
 Olite Cemetery.—lt may be almost too
 hte to my e word in wnuwmdatioo of the
 enterprise, industry, sod taste, of that class
 of our colored brethren in Philadelphia, who
 hare been active in providing a respectable
 place for the interment of the colored dead of
 that city. Our leaders will remember, per
 haps, that we were present at the laying of
 the corner-stone of the chapel erected st the
 entrance of Olive Cemetery, in May last.
 We had the pleasure of visiting it, in com
 pany with our esteemed friend Guinea, a few
 weeks ainpe, when we found the grounds
 tastefully .laid out, and the beautiful chapel
 almost completed. The whole reflects high
 credit upon the young men under whose
 management this cemetery is placed.— r. o.
 Omission.—We omitted, in our thanks to
 our Philadelphia friends, fer their valuable
 co-opdration in efforts to sustain the North
 Stas, the names of Mrs. Burr, Mm. Bna
 tal I, Mrs. and Misa Buatill. These dear
 friends will, we are sure, readily paidoo this
 omission, since it resulted from no want of
 appreciation of their good works,—r. d.
 The Rochestcb Anti-Slavery Fair.—
 The Fair, held in this city, during two davs
 of the past week, realised two hundred dol
 lars—a large pait of which will be consumed
 in defraying the expenses attendant upon
 holding it. While in a financial point of
 view the Fair must be considered a failure,
 we ate sorry to say, that morally, it has been
 far from successful. This is to be deeply
 regretted, and the more so, because s few
 devoted friends in this city have been labor
 ing industriously to make it a successful
 effort in both ways. A box of goods was
 received from our kind friends in Manchester,
 which formed the most saleable part of the
 contributions. The articles in papier mache
 were greatly admired, and aold readily.— k.o.
 Boston Fais. —We learn, from the Li
 berator, that the proceeds of this effort
 amounted to three thousand three hundred
 dollars.— d.
 The Washington Daily Globe contains
 the late speech of General Csss on the Wil
 mot Proviso. It occupies nearly twelve
 columns of that paper, and is made up of a
 bungling assortment of testimony, drawn
 from a variety of sources, sugared over with
 the usual servile truckling tu the siaveholding
 overseers and slavedrivers of the South,
 which has so long and so justly distinguished
 General Cass as a politician. He is wholly
 opposed to the Wilraot Proviso and although
 instructed by his Legislature to vote for that
 measure, he intimates his intention to resign
 his sett in the Senate, rather than to carry
 out that instruction. Is he not a conscien
 tious man 1 !—r. d.
Utfi4 Ruffles.
 The following minute account of the ill*
 new of our dear departed friend, the late
 Dc. Buggies, la from the pen of one inti
 mately acquainted with the facta in tire case.
 We copy the letter, aa a well deserved trib
 ute to the worth of the noble man who haa
 thus been called from amongst ua in the very
 midst of his years and his usefulness. The
 meti.ory of the just shall live, and thousands
 who have escaped the yoke of slavery by hia
 aid (we among the number,) will never cease
 to remember this faithful friend of the slave,
 and lover of mankind—with grateful ad
 miration.—f. o. 1
 Eaily in Sept, he began to be troubled
 with a severe pain and inflamation in the left
 eye, from which he waa never entirely re
 lieved. At timea the pain was ao intense be
 feared there was something in the eye, but it
 wss examined by Dr. Walker of Northamp
 ton and Dr. Dix of Boston, who both con
 filmed Dr. B's first opinion that it was a seri
 ous case ot inflamation of the optic nerve.—
 Dr. W. advised him to give op all care and
 businesa for a while, that hia already over
 tasked mental and bodily energies might have
 time tn recruit. But it was difficult for him
 to do this while his house was filled with pa
 tients, some of them very sick, and most ol
 them depending upon him for daily advice and
 attention. He declined taking new patients
 and sought, as far aa waa poaaible under the
 circumstances, the rest and quiet be so much
 needed. But his heshh continued to fail, and
 in the latter part of November he waa seised
 with severe inflamation of the bowels. He
 had the advice of Dr. Walker (Homoepath
 tst) and Dr*. Wesselhoft and Giau of 3ratt
 teboro, but nothing that was done for him
 seemed to avail anything to restore him to
 health. The inflamatioo wss removed, but
 over-exertion, mental and physical bad ao en
 tirely prostrated bis strength, causing a re
 lapse of a former complaint (induration of the
 bowels,) which added to the acute attack
 rendered his oase a hopeless one. During
 the last three weeks of his life he was con-
 Ifined to his bed, and most of the time his
 tmind seemed to be wandering, and burdened
 with the care ot patieuts, arranging plans for
 the iiuproveiug the grounds about the estab*
 isiiment, erecting new buildidgs &amp;a See,
 hough he recognised any of hia friends who
 spoke to ltiin and would converse sensibly
 for a few moments.
 His mother and sister were here during his
 illness, and in accordance with their wishes,
 his remains were removed to Norwich, Ct.
 (his native place) for burial.
 Though he haa passed from earth in the
 midst of hia days few accomplish more in a
 life time than haa he. Truly4f life be reckon
 ed by deeds, rather than years, then wss his a
 long one—longer than tbe lives of most men
 whose years are three score and ten. For
 several years past his labors have been ex
 cessive an ordinary man ouuld not so long
 have sustained the weight of care and re
 sponsibility which his tested upon him tinee
 he commenced the Hydropathic practice.—
 Ho has literally worn himself out in humani
 ty's service—ever ready to do whh hia might
 whatever he could for the benefit of the race.
 As a physician he was eminently successful.
 I feel as do many others who bare been under
 his mure, that to his skill and attention 1 owe
 my life. To the cause of Hydropathy, to the
 Anti-Slavery movement, sod to tbe cause of
 humanity in general hie loee is irreparable.—
 We look in vain for another to fill his place.
 Only those who knew him intimately felly
 ippreciate the worth and excellence of hia
 Bharacter. Though remarkably energetic
 ind determined, he possessed a gentleness ol
 disposition, a quick aad ready sympathy
 which tadsesed him the beam el hit
Bat to you by whom he «u loved u i
 brother, I need sot speak of bit worth, 01
 tell you how deeply we who hove enjoyed hii
 society the pest year feel h» hies. Anothei
 bee 101 l us to join the Angel beod of loved
 ones tint wait to welcome as to that Heaven
 ly Home. Z. W. H.
 We publish with pleasure some extracti
 of a letter from our esteemed correspondent
 E. B. We should be glad if be would,
 from time to time give ue hie views on the
 political movements of the dsy. Will out
 Fenchurch Street friend apprise him to tbia
 effect.
 Rothesay, Isle or Bute,
 Dec..l4, 1849.
 My deae Friend I lately
 hesrd s popular preacher, who opened hit
 sermon with the axiom (hat “Christianity
 was the religion of a gentlemanand he ad
 mirably maintained his proposition by tbs
 teachings and the deportment of its founder
 and its early votaries. Well, then, if the
 above proposition be e truth, in what cate
 gory are we to place the arrogant and the
 rude! Both incompatible with the attributes
 of a gentleman, and consequently with those
 of a Christian.
 It is a striking fact, that the Almighty
 made choice of men remarkable for meekness
 to be the founders of the two great religious
 systems anterior to Christianity—the Pain
 Srchal and the Levittcal. How beautifully is
 this attribute displayed in Abraham's conduct
 towards Lot, in surrendering to him the right
 of choice of land.
 The meekness of Moses has become a pro
 verb. In one memorable instance it forsook
 nim— of the cowardly mal
 treatment of a child of bondage, by his op
 pressor. He had looked upon the burdens u!
 hta enslaved brethren, and the miseries ot
 their condition caused his meekness to be in
 abeyance during a moment of indignation.
 Ihe whole life of the Saviour was a per
 sonification of this virtue. Superficial ob
 servers have confounded meekness with
 pusillanimity. Was the exposer of the Pha
 risees, the purger of the temple, ever pusill
 animous? Never. By Ittm meekness was
 elevated to an elegant refinement, a dignified
 complacency and the raeek will commonly
 be tuund to possess the fortitcr in re, as well
 as the suaviter in modo.
 It is seen, in the majority of instances, that
 those persons who have suddenly risen from
 a low station in society, to a higher, are more
 arrogant and assuming than those who are
 born in the higher spheres of the community.
 And the Uutted Suites seetn to exhibit na
 tionally the characteristics that the low-bred
 manifest individually.
 Wby will the Americans, by their coarse
 rudeness, remind a stranger that their exist
 ence among civilized nations is of a recent
 date?
 M. Guizot has said that France is the only
 country in a perfectly civilized state. Either
 bia assertion ia untrue, or Christianity is not
 an instrument in civilization lor in France,
 vainglory and arrugance are much more con
 spicuous than humility and meekness.
 Outward polish is plearing, and the observ
 ance of conventional forms convenient, but
 to deport oneself as a complete gentleman, te
 quires something more. These are mere
 outward displays of good breeding; but a
 gentleman acta from a sentiment and an in
 ward perception of propriety. He will so
 demeau himself in his intercourse with those
 of an inferior grade to himself, ss to cause in
 them a cheerful acquiescence in the ine
 quality—a conviction that it is fur the well
 being of society that it should be so.
 How beautiful would be the social inter
 course of Christian principles, were innate
 and Christian precepts carried out! Chris,
 tianity supplies rules for all conditions, all
 circumstances, and all contingencies. But,
 alas the votaries of false religions often by
 their conduct put self-styled Christiana to
 ahame.
 Contrast the recent acts of lbs Mussulman
 towards the Hungarian, the Polish, and the
 Italian refugees, with the bloodthirstiness of
 the Russian and the Austrian Christianity.
 The contrast almost palliates the spostscy of
 a Bern and his ninety comrades.
 jtUmil there be on earth peace and good
 will to men,” the adaptation of benign
 Christianity to restore a fallen world, will not
 be seen the extinction of war and slavery
 will be the precursor of the suppression oi
 all other ills.
 In mentioning slavery, contrast the feelings
 of Lawrence Sterne with those of the citi
 zens of the United States. Ignatius Sauchn,
 who was an emancipated slave resident in
 London, wrote to Sterne his gratitude for
 Sterne's denunciation of slavery, thanking
 him for advocating the cause of his African
 brethren. Sterne in reply says, “My dear
 Sancho, the Africans sre no more your
 brethren, than mine."
 I close this letter with a quotation from the
 Philosophy of the Plan of Salvation,” by
 a“ Citizen of America The soul findt
 rest only in meekness; never in pride oi
 selfishness.” E. B.
 Philadelphia, Jan. 12, 1650.
 The Hungarians were here last week and
 received much aueotion. They visited Inde
 perdence Hall sad were shown the relics.—
 Introduced to the Mayor of the City he made
 then a speech in whieh he said Th«
 American heart ever beating for Liberty can
 deeply sympathise with any of the human
 race in their struggle with despots for free
 dom.” The worthy man most have forgotten
 the millions of Americana in boudage at the
 South, or believed the ex-governor of Comoro
 to be ignorant of the ‘peculiar institution,’
 when he made so great a mistake. Among
 the people who pressed into the Hall te see
 the distinguished ‘exile,’ wae a colored man
 whom Mtie Appolonia Tagtila shook as
 heartily by the hand as she did any of the
 rest; consious, no doubt that a man is a man
 no matter what his eomplection. This inch
 dent a reporter for the San, (I suppose) en
 deavours to render ridiculous by presemine
 him as a fair specimen of a good naturad
 Ethiopian die., but I have no doubi that hm
 right to he termed an Amertean was much
 better than that of many others present.
 On Tueeday evenleg, IW* alt Rev. Chas.
 Gardiner of Princeton, delivered an addrem
 fi«foie the PUlsd. Library Co. subject—‘Se
 cret Societies.’ Himself a member of each
 an Institution be was warm in their praise—
 ye* he was by ae means backward ra repri
 amadiM item fax their defeats omi
He manuined that their impeTfeckma wen no
 argument fur their abolition, tor, said the
 1 R«*. gentleman. I know of no institution
 which ia perfect. The church herself is not
 infallible. He described to the taiiatotioo of
 Sis audience a Temperance Asaocuuon which
 himself and a few others had organised is
 Princeton, and a Hall which they had built,
 with the beneficial influence that bad been
 produced upon the fairer portion of comm ini
 ty. A debate followed the lecture by the
 members of the company.
 On Wednesday evening, Mist E. T. Green
 field gave a Concert in the Hall at the Phila
 delphia Institute, assisted by some ft tends,
 sod “several lady amateurs, her pupils.
 This lady baa progressed rapidly in the pub
 lic estimation a result achieved entirely by
 her extraordinary talents as a vocalist
 teacher of music. A dnet—a piece for four
 hands—in which site was assisted by one of
 her pupils, (a white young lady) was deserv
 edly much applauded. A lady and a young
 girl, (her daughter, 1 believe,) sang with an
 excellent effect, and were “encored” in moat
 of their pieces. All the pupila did well, and
 the large audience (the Hall was crowded)
 seemed exceedingly well pleased. Prejudice
 it appears is vincible. I atn of opinion that
 the “North Star Fair,” held in this city,
 dealt the monster an effective blow. Thera
 were many white persons present at Mice
 Greengeid's Concert.
 On Friday evening, I repaired to the Phila
 delphia Institute, having seen an announce
 ment that Dr. Rock, of Salem, would lecture.
 The gentleman, however, did not af&gt;pe*t and
 the audience were entertained by extempora
 neous speeches from other distinguish**! gen
 tlemen.
 Mr. Griffin, of New York, will lecture be
 fore the Philadelphia Library Company, on
 1 uesday evening. Subject: Commerce
 and on Wednesday evening, the first lecture
 of a couree will be delivered before the “Ph«-
 nixonian Institute.” R j}
 The following letter is from ibe pen of Mr.
 J. C. Holly of Brooklyn, one of the des
 pised and oppressed of this boasted land of
 Liberty, He is not a mulatto, but a black
 man. Let hie wicked dcspiaera read this let
 ter, and learn that our down trodden race are
 rising from the ignorance and debasement into
 which American tyranny has crushed them.
 —r. o.
 Brooklyn, L. I. Jan. 91, 1850.
 To Hon. Henry United States Senator,
 Washington, D. C.
 Diar Sir —I perceive by a report of a
 meeting held by the American Colonisation
 Society, at the seat of the general govern
 ment, that you .still seriously entertain the
 idea of expatiiating a large pertion of the
 American people, and forcing them by might
 ol oppression and discouragement at home, to
 settle on a distant and foreign shore.
 ou will pardon me as one of those whom
 it is ptoposed to “benefit” by the scheme,
 for addressing you ray views, in relation to
 ibe justice, expediency, or practicability of
 the proposed measure, of which you are the
 distinguished head and exponent. And al
 though not apecialiy deputed-to represent the
 views of those with whom I am identified,
 yet l hazatd the opinion mat I express but
 the views of one “generation,” of that much
 abused, injured and under-estimated portion
 of the American public.
 I take pleasure in addressing this to your
 consideration, because of your, Jevotioo to
 the cause of humanity and justice, made
 manifest in yot:r eloquent appeals in behalf
 of the oppressed of Europe the Greeks,
 the Poles, the Irish, the Hungarians; and to
 doubt that your philanthropy ia as broad as
 the race of man, would be to doubt your
 Democracy—to doubt your Chiiiuanity— to
 doubt your sincerity, in those appeals, that
 were responded to by the friends of Freedom
 every where; which it is far from my pur
 pose to do in this communication.
 V\ e will first consider the proposed expatri
 ation as relates to its justice. Simultaneous
 with the landing of the Pilgrim fathers, on
 Plymouth rock—those founders of civil and
 Religious Liberty—those mighty men of
 whom every American in whose bu* m throbs
 a heart of flesh must be proud—those wondei
 ful men, the admiration of an impartial world,
 who far lrom their and trienda, perse
 vered, amidst dangers and privations, until
 History points to them, as the founders of a
 vast Empire, and a Nation stands as a Monu
 ment, hearing record of their greatness;—, aim
 ulwneous with their landing, landed the
 shackled cargo of a slave ahip, upon the
 virgin _aoil of your own native Virginia,
 proud mother of States and Statesmen, long
 before her Washington, her Henry, her
 Jefferson or her Clay, had enterad upon the
 stage of existence, or into the imagination ol
 their ancesters—the hardy Pilgrims of toil
 the meek and wronged forefathers of those
 it is proposed to rudely tear from their homes,
 and re-outrage by similarly against their
 might, forcing them to a repassage of the
 mighty deep, to a shore as foreign to them as
 was Virginia to their ancestors. And as the
 sons of the Northern Pilgrims, have by their
 perseverance and skill, rendered the vast
 wilderness, the nigged hills of New England,
 into cities, towns, and villages, teeming with
 industry, enterprise, and intelligence, filled
 her waters with whitened sails and groaning
 hulls: so have the sons of those S rathein
 Pilgrims, by their lab.*, their sweat, and
 their blood, tilled, watered and fertilized the
 South, whilst your Norman ancestry fur
 nished the skill and capital. And if the south
 te leas beautiful, less prosperous, less con
 venient comparatively than the east, it is not
 that they have been idle, but because the
 •oil has been cursed by wrongs, that it,
 they have not been permitted to acquire that
 intelligence and skill, by mental culture, and
 honorable incentive aa to enable labor to pro
 duce abundantly. If Virginia is leas dene*
 in her population—leas wealthy-lem diffuse
 in her education, it i* no fsult of theirt,
 but of her Legislators; snd in obedience to a
 law of the Supreme Legislator, that \i me
 m its own reward, vice brings its own punish
 merit. We are endeared by a thousand
 recollections, to oar native soil, and have
 purchased by a thousand toils sod sufferings
 en inalienable right to a participation therein.
 We have contributed to the prodo tion of hex
 wealth, in the defence of her nationality,
 and in the support of her government. Wo
 frel proud of her broad plaint, villas, and sa
 vannaha—her lofty mountaine-ber beautiful
