men and feel more sorrow than anger
 whan we are rudely, and falsely told, tha
 we have no right to call them our own; tha
 Henry Clay, and Thos. H. Benton, ant
 Daniel Webster, and John O. Calhoun, an
 not our exalted fellow citizens; but our God
 created and ordained enemies, that He whi
 bath created each, as suited hie wise provi
 dence, in color, form, and feature, te the au
 thor ef an enmity like unto that between the
 feed of the woman and the aerpent; and that
 neither the political faith aet forth in the
 American Magna Char la, or the Christian
 religion, which proclaims peace and good will
 on earth among men, can remote this enmity.
 I can not believe this. Our variegated free
 colored and slave population foibida that 1
 should—that population in whose veins it has
 been said flows the beat blood of the chiv
 aliy of Virginia, and petmit me, to add of
 the whole Union.
 I appeal to you who have said, that it i*
 the duty of those having superior moral and
 intellectual endowments, to foster and pro
 tect, instruct, encourage and improve
 those less favored—if it be jist to thrust the
 descendants, of the Virginia pilgrims, of 1620,
 from their dear bought homea, by oppression
 and discouragement. I appeal to you who
 have lately professed to have become a fol
 lower of the meek and lowly Nasarene, who
 preached that whosoever hateth hie biotlier.
 is a murderer—that if you love not your
 brother whom you see, you cannot love God,
 whom you do not sec, —if that God be the
 author of the prejudice that dogs the track of
 the free colored man, but which is giving
 way before the enlightenment of the age,
 and the ptogress of the race of men, ot is
 the growth of seed sown by slavery and
 injustice, and fostered and cultivated by the
 American Colonisation Society. 1 beg speedy
 answers to these questions, as upon them
 depends the removal, or confirmation of im
 pressions which, if wrong, ought to be re
 moved.
 Secondly. We will consider the expediency
 of the proposed measure. Although art hum
 ble foliuwer ot that school who believe
 that right is at all times expedient—duty in
 terest, yet we will endeavor to consider it in
 accordance with the generally accepted rule,
 that it is not always expedient to do right, or
 safe to do duty. For convenience, 1 will sub
 divide this into three minor propositions —capa-
 city, policy, and interest. l«t. As to capaci
 ty. The United States, embraced according
 to Malle Btun, Woodbridge and others, pre
 vious to the Annexation of Texas, and the
 acquisitions of California, and New Mexico,
 two millions of square miles. By those ac
 quisitions eight hundred and.fifty one thou
 sand five bundled Square miles have been
 added. It is estimated that this extent of
 territory is capable of maintaining four times
 the present population of the globe. The
 South, though she would promote her Inter
 est by changing the relation existing be
 tween capital, and labor—
 By urging on, from love of rub,
 Rather than forcing, by thr lash;
 yet she cannot afford to lose a class of
 laborer*, who from long nsage of toil and
 hardship, are pre-eminently calculated to cul
 tivate cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco—her
 ample products; not that Europeans could not,
 cultivate them but it wbuld take much time
 and hardship* tu prepare them for their suc
 cessful culture; beside there is an abundant
 field for the industry of all who may seek an
 asylum here, wiihout supplanting those ac
 climated and useful laborers. There is
 room for all to work on harmoniously for
 the developement of those great resources,
 embosomed in our extensive dominion, each
 oonuibuling in his own sphere, to the nation
 al wealth, prosperity, and glory; and to the
 advancement of purely liberal iostitutions
 such as were contemplated by the founders
 of our common country.
 SJly. As to the policy of our country;
 The fundamental principle of our country is,
 that government derive powers ftoro the con
 sent of the governed that when laws are op
 pressive, it is the right and tbe duty of the
 people to repeal them through their represen
 tatives. It contemplates that all ahall actively
 assent to, or dissent from laws existing or
 proposed. It contemplate* a tecogniuon of
 all men—no matter what institutions they
 were fitei subject to, or what sky their eyes
 firrt beheld, if they but declare their prefer
 ment and attest their allegiance as citizens. It
 proclaims to open its doors to the oppressed
 of all nations. It contemplates at some fu
 ture period, the world ot mankind, enjoying
 its institutions, and by general consent, uni
 ted in one vast republic, one brotherhood, one
 great pelitical family. Then how impolitic to
 advise an inoffetiaive, a highly useful and pa
 triotic. people, whose toil, and blood, and bones
 are linked as indissolubly with the soil, as
 Plymouth rock, and whose identity with the
 country for weal or woe, (and they have had
 their share of the latter,) are of as long dura
 tion, as the memorable pilgrims, who landed
 upoi that base of Amerinan greatness. 1
 would humply ask if such a proposition, is
 consistent with American policy? Does it
 flnd an advocate in the eloquent defender of
 the cauee of liberty in Europe?—the em
 bodiment of that system which has for its
 mot'o, The encouragement of home indus
 try.” An impartial yet ignoiant observer,
 would suppose we had a redundant popula
 t on, and the question was, Who can we
 best afford to part with
 3dly. Of what interest would it be to this
 country, to get rid of tome four of five mil
 lions of iu native pipulaiion, who have by
 two hundred year’s labor, assisted in enriching
 her firtfds, sod ad ninistering to the ease and
 comfort of it* ettiasns; who side by side with
 other of their countrymen, have bieasted the
 stonn of bullets, and borne triumphant aloft
 the stripes and stars, the fellow soldier* of
 WxasMiNOTox, Guess and JacxsoS, the
 private aid* to many of the heroea in the
 Mexican war; who .have become interwoven
 with American aong and literature, and who,
 with the Indian, f »nn the basis of a purely
 Amermao literature W hat crime have they
 committed, that they mutt away to the con
 vict ships, and be transported from the bones
 ef their forefathers? I* their crime only the
 color ef their *kio? or are they who have made
 this Cob* the badge of meanness, a pretext
 for insult, reproach and hatred 1 Would ask
 whether those who have enacted that the
 color ef a negro or mulatto is prima foot evi
 dence that be Ist sieve, bate not violated the
 Constitution of their country, which provides
 that no bill of attainder ahall he panned

A Grecian philosopher, once asked ih«-
 question, Whom do we hate most?” nd
 t after several ineffectual attempts to answer it.
 d from his cotemporariea, answered, Tbost
 s we have most injured.” Perhaps this ma}
 enable colonieatronists to discover, that their
 i&gt; victims ate not so dangerous as they appre
 head, that it is their own hatred that ha unu
 their imaginations, and like the ghost of the
 i murdered Banquo, will not down at tftieii
 i bidding.” Render but justice to os, and by
 i gones will be buried in oblivion, and we will
 ever be proud o{ our Harry of the wet t. v
 Had you been in New York or New
 England, in 1844, and seen with what erif hu
 siaam the majority of the colored voters,went
 for the anti-annexation candidates, you would
 have thought them, perhaps, a too forgiving,
 instead of a dangerous population.
 The third and last proposition, is, the prac
 ticability of the colonotation scheme. It ap
 pears to me, that the most sanguine advocate
 of negro expatriation, should by this time be
 convinced of the impossibility by any means,
 of removing the four or five millions of par
 tial descendants of Africans, from this coun
 try. We are here, and here we mean to
 remain; we can’t be coaxed, cheated, hit sed
 or kicked out of our country we look v.ith
 unmitigated disapprobation upon all such (pro
 positions, and heartily scorn and despise the
 means by which 'it is sought to be attained,
 vi*. exclusion, special and oppressive higi*
 lstion, and the fostering of an unnatural pre
 judice, such as the American colomzatioi i so
 ciety has essayed to do, and charged upon
 tbe author of our existence, (by its tail c ol
 impassable gulfs,) natural repugnance and
 such choice epithets, in the same inconsisaam
 harrangeis, in which they hove claimed par
 excellence, our dear, devoted, distinguished
 friends. We hail with pleasute the grow ing
 sense of justice, east, west, noith and sot rlh,
 and balieve there is love of liberty, and
 Christiautiy enough in the American people,
 of all sections to yet do us justice; and
 above all that the great RULER of the uni
 verse hath ordained it; we mean neve i to
 cease demanding it but with the cessatio n ol
 ourheart’a vibration, we mean logo where you
 go, die where you die, and be buried ir» the
 place of your burial and finally, if the en
 lightenment of the American people, will
 permit them to annihilate us by foul naenns,
 they shall consummate the darkened,moosti ous
 deed, and appear before the Supreme Judge
 of men, and natiois andwith stained ha nds
 and souls.
 In conclusion permit me to subscribe my
 self your fellow citizen,
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY.
Rochestes, Jan. 35, 1850.
 Fredrick: —Being a contributor to the
 Anti Slavery Fair which closed last evening,,
 my name and presence will doubtless be
 used as endorsing the entire proceedings. I
 am not ashamed to identify myself with the
 cause of the slave, but I believe it need not
 necessarily follow that I must approve every
 thing done professedly in his behalf or lor
 emancipation.
 Allow me to say, then, that I regret that
 them is so much of the fanciful and so Mule
 of th e useful presented «t our Anti-Slavery
 Bazaars. While Abo lionisis are reasonably
 expected to he economical in furnishing their
 dwellings and in their manner of living—not
 only for the preservation of health and
 strength, the better to furlher the causo of
 freedom —but to afford better facilities in time
 and money for the diffusion of Anii-Slui ery
 Truths, they ought to carefully avoid an en
 couragement of extravagance. Abolitionists,
 too, should be enough couversiant with the
 laws of health and longevity to avoid late
 suppers; especially of the character of the
 one got up on this occasion. Another thing
 I did not like. The lottery system in both
 morally aud legally wrong. Yet tickets
 were sold to the value of the articles designa
 ted when but one draws the prize. Tv be
 sure the proceeds are used for the benefit ol
 tbe oppressed instead of enriching one at the
 expense of many. Still if this system is
 used for certain purposes, however good, does
 it not encourage ns use for another purpose
 not quite as good and so on till we uray soon
 find it doing its former evil work
 1 am glad that the North Star, like its An
 ti-type, or its original in the blue vault of the
 Heavens, continues to shine, and that the pros
 pect is somewhat favorable that like that, it
 will ever be a beacon of freedom to the down
 trodden slave. L. Mabbett.
We here give our readers the promised
 rentalks ot Wra. Llovd Garrison on the
 Character of the Chronoiype, a paper recent
 ly discontinued, in Boston. They are full of
 instruction to all who engage in the work of
 reform.— f. d.
 The Boston Ckroaotype.
 This paper has been discontinued tor lack
 of patronage. It was edited with industry,
 tact and ability, but was sadly deficient in
 dignity consistency and principle. The time
 has been when we entertained for its editor
 the warmest affection and the highest esteem;
 and at that period he deserved both. For
 the first half a dozen years after his espousal
 of the ami-allvery cause, he was conspicuous
 for his zeal, courage, self-sacrifice, uncom
 promising spirit, indefatigable labors in its be
 half; and had he endured to the end—-had hr
 not identified himself with the tieacherous
 seceders from the American Anti-Slavery
 Society, and become as malignant to it as be
 fore he had been faithful—had he not made
 shipwreck of principle, and ridiculed the idea
 of a standard of absolute justice and right
 had he not thrown away all self-respect, all
 regard for fairness and truth—he might,have
 won for himself a solid and permanent repu
 tation, and continued a burning and a shining
 light. Alter his defection, he became the
 editor of the Massachusetts Abolitionist,* a
 paper started with the hope of crushing the
 Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, and
 strongly characterized by personal malevo
 lence aud abuse, by misrepresentation and
 falsehood. Falling of success in ilm un
 gracious business, he subsequently gave him
 self wholly to the fabulous for a living—i„
 other words, to the translation and publication
 of La FolUaitu’s Fablet. But this did not
 pay and finally the Coronotype was launch
 ed on the uea of adveuture, not exactly for
 piratical purposes, but with a variety of flag*
 to be used deceptively according to the exi
 gencice of the case, without much scrupto as
 to the kind of freight taken on board, and
 having no eeruis destination. It has now
 gone down, but not at all tuthe detruneat of
 lawful and honorable commerce.
 From its commencement to its extinction,
 the Chronotypt was a catch-penny sheet,
 havieg two special objects in view— first, a
 bitter sod unmitigated fowtiUty to ‘old organ-
 Med aboilUomaot,’ end secondly, a superficial
 support of various teforntatoiy movements,
 so as to catch the putnmegeof all who reason
 sad foe! superfisially is regard to thaae mat-
ter*. It nun«l an air of independence and
 &gt;oldne«a, yet was accomodating, adroit and
 rickish, aaan end waa to be gained, it was
 .iot without its merits, and published much
 useful and valuable matter; yet its advocacy
 »f any cause, so fat as the editor was coo*
 terned, was generally in such s trifling, un-
 Jiguified manner, at to afford it no substantial
 itd. At times it was scurrilous in the extreme;
 ■I could not, therefore, make any moral im
 resssion upon the community. Men read it
 mbe amused, not instructed, as tbey read
 ihe Boston or New York Herald. It waa
 flippant, it was smart, it waa puguacioua, it
 vas unscrupulous. Why then did it not
 succeed Because nobody could safely trust
 it; because it said enough on the subject ol
 ■efoimto lose the countenance of conservat
 ism, and equivocated and diluted too much to
 win the hearty support of radicalism. 'lf it
 had told less truth in its life,’ says the editor
 in his valediction, 'it would not be lying here
 in death,’ This is not certain. At almost
 any time, while it was. living, it might have
 been said of it—‘here lies the Chronotype’—
 or it was not veracious. It was the chosen
 medium through which apostates from the
 inti-slavery cause sent their poisoned arrows
 at its uncompromising and conscientious ad
 vocates. Its moral philosophy was of the
 Paley type. It ridiculed consistency, and
 made a mock of conscience. Witness its
 course respecting the Disunion position ol ihe
 American Ami-Slavery Society. It satirized
 and denounoed that Society for recognising
 any pro-slavety guaranties in the United
 Slates Constitution roundly denied that
 there were any such in that instrument, and
 hen gave its support to the Free Soil paity,
 which not only acknowledges all the compro
 mises alluded to, but equally with the Whig
 and Democratic parties is ready to stand by
 them. Witness its plastering over the pro
 si iverv character of Martin Van Buren and
 the New York Barnburners. Witness its
 mphialica), untruthful, billingsgate defence ol
 'Father Mathew,’to shield that craven heail
 ed, two faced reformer from condemnation.
 Every position has seemed more agreeable
 to its taste and morality than an erect one
 and it very perceptibly giew weak in its tone
 and lax in its moral requirements as it ad
 vanced in years. Its editor is not deficient in
 mental acuteness, or in ready talent; but tiia
 past career has shown that he is not s relia
 ble man.
 There is great need in this as in other cities
 •if a daily journal, that shall be broadly re
 formatory in iis object, divested of ail person
 al malevolence, dignified in its course, clear
 m the perception and steadfast in the main
 tenance of principle, edited with tact and
 ibility, and Ht the same time equal to any
 other as a newspaper, containing the general
 intelligence of the limea. Such a journal,
 we believe, might be made to live; but it
 must have a very different urn at the helm
 fro ii the editor of the Chronotype to whom
 we wish better success with more honesty
 and self-respect in his next undertaking.
DOINGS IN CONGRESS.
 IN SENATE.
 The following debate, (which took place
 *n the United State* Senate on Thursday, the
 24th tnst.,) shows the deteimination of the
 Slaveholders' to persist in their demand upon
 the North, in behalf of kidnapping the flying
 fugitive—and evidences the very awkward
 position of a Liberty Party man when sworn
 to support the Constitution of the United
 States. It will be seen, by the remarks ol
 Mr. Chase, of k Ohio, when charged with
 voting for a resolution, which nullifies the
 clause of the Constitution relating to fugitive
 slaves, that he merely discusses that part of
 the Constitution which speaksof'mental reser
 vation—that he leaves the impression upon
 Southern men that he is opposed to the reso
 lution emirs. To this complexion we have
 always felt certain that Liberty Party men,
 how brace soever out of office must come
 when once brought face to lace, in office, with
 slaveholders. Does Mr. Chase intend to re
 gard the fugitive clause in the Constitution
 It he do why not come out, and say so, in
 plain language! If he do not so intend, he
 ought to declare his views explicitly, that the
 Noiih may be in fpossession of correct infor
 mation respecting his position.—r. D.
 CAPTURE or FUUITIVE SLAVES.
 The Senate in Committee of the Whole,
 proceeded to the consideration of the special
 ordei—the bill pinvidmg the mure effectual
 execution of the provision of the Constitution
 telaiing to the recapture of fugitive slaves.
 Mr. Butler addressed the Senate in sup
 port of the Bill, stating its object, tnfl ex
 plaining the necessities which, in his opinion,
 required us immediate adoption, in the course
 of his reiuatks, stating that the loss to the
 South, by the escape of slaves, amounted
 annually to at least $150,000. He must in
 candor confess, that lie had no very great con
 fidence that the bill would effect, to any con
 siderable extent, the required object, because
 the Federal Government had but lhtle authori
 ty to enforce the recognition and fulfilment
 of the requirements of the spirit of the Con
 sniuiiun. The good faith and integrity ol
 the people must be relied on, in a great mea
 sure, for '.he support of the Constitution, and
 if that would not preserve it inviolate, little
 dependence could be placed upon statutory
 provisions to effect that object. He referred
 to the legislation of the various Northern
 States in relation to the recapture of run
 aways, contending that their laws were in
 tended to evade the constitutional provision,
 and that, under their operation, it was almost
 useless to attempt the recovery of a fugitive
 slave. Alter cuing from the statutes of vari
 ous Stqfes, he said that lie bad not been able
 to ascertain what were those of Ohio. The
 sentiments of her representatives on this
 floor were very well known. One of them
 had, in a resolution,declared that when called
 ■i|&gt;on to support the Constitution of the
 United States, he would do so, with s mental
 reservation, never to support this clause re
 lative to fugitive slaves.
 Mr. Chase asked to whom the Senator re
 ferred.
 Mr. Butler—To you, sir.
 Mr. Chase l never offered such a resolu
 iiun—never voted for such—never would offer
 »url never would vole for such a resolution.
 Mr. Butler said ibe resolution was im
 puted to the Seustor in a newspaper para*
 graph.
 Mr. (/BASE thought that when the Senator
 made such charges he should be careful to
 have better authority for them than newspaper
 pangraphs.
 Mr. Butler said that the Senator from
 Ohm presented the resolution in propria per
 sona at an Anti-Slavery Convention. He
 was glad to hear that the statement was un
 irue. Mr. Butler stated further that those
 of the Northern States which had not passed
 laws evading the constitutional provision, had
 failed to take eny measures to assist the
 South, as they were bound in good faith to
 do. At to any Congressional action on the
 subject, he was well aware that the North
 baa the majority end that the only hope of
 the South was in the wisdom, honor, and for
 bearance of that majority. They asked that
 a constitutional provision for their protection
 be carried out, that they might enjoy the
 •imtection for which they had stipulated in its
 adoption. In oor.doding hit remarks—
 Mr. Butlks made some incidental allusions
 to the quesimn of Slavery, which now agi
 tates the Union. He acknowledged that the
 discord and distraction now prevailing upon
 the question, grew oat of the result of the
 war with Mexico, but he Ml it due to him
 •elf to eav, that while he advocated the war.
 led voted for supplies in the ftrat instance,
 that from the time it became a war of ta»a
 ■too, be was tbe only gsntiemao.on bis side
 the chamber, who opposed the acquisition
of new territory as a fruit of the wtT. H*
 fores* wthat such aquisiiion would prove at
 apple of discord, as it had proved, lu allud
 ing to the evila which he feared might reeuh
 fn«n the acquisition of territory, by a.lirg
 army, at a great distance from I wore, h&lt;
 passed a glowing eulogium upon Goner*
 Sontt, who, with an influence over hia army
 which might have enabled him to pursue al
 most any scheme of sell-aggrandisement, a&gt;
 slime when hia achievement* were hemp
 crowned with soceeaa, and when well-earuei
 laurels were about to fall on him, for acu
 which would have made a lame tor him* a
 extended as the civilized world-left the fich
 at the direction of hia Government and re
 turned home, leaving others to reap the fruiu
 of hi* ability and plan* lor success. Hia con
 duct on that occasion deserved at the hands o
 the people the highest reward which his count
 ry could bestow:he deserved such distinction,
 not only for the purity ol hia designs, but foi
 the ability with which he executed them.
 Mr. Caxsi row to address the Senate. He
 did not know why any one Senator should be
 singled out, aa be had been on one or two
 occasions, unletn it was that a Senator not
 belonging to either of the great parties was a
 safer object of attack than one who was sup
 ported by a powerful party. In a lew remaikfr
 he should briefly say that he favored no con
 cealment of purpose or principles, no mental
 reservation or hesitation to avow what he be
 lieved to be the truth. As to the Resolutioi
 which had been attributed to him, he had
 already denied his connection with it.
 Mr. Mason inquired whether Mr. Chasi
 was not present at the meeting which adopter,
 the Resolution
 Mr. Chase saidl the Resolution was adop
 ted by a Convention of the Liberty Party,
 held at Buffalo, at which he was present, and
 of which he was a member. He was one ol
 the Committee on Resolutions, and the Reso
 lution in question was presented to that Com
 mittee, who declined however, to present it t»
 the Convention. How far hia action in th«
 Committee led to that result, he would no.
 say. It waa subsequently introduced inti
 iheConveniiun by the mover, and adopted
 He desired, while up, to say, that ihe Liber
 ty Party was computed of meo of as pure
 character as that of any body of individual*
 ever associated for political purposes; men
 who had the honesty to avow what they
 meant, and the courage to fulfil what they
 resolved.
 Mr. Mason expressing his desire to hr
 heard on this bill, iia further cousideixtion
 was postponed until to-morrow.
 Mr. Seward introduced a resolution of in
 quiry into the propriety of giving to Capt.
 Cook of the British bark Sarah, some suita
 ble token ol the approbation by Congress oi
 his gallant and humane conduct, in rescuing
 the p issengers, officers and crew of the ship
 Caleb Grimshaw, destroyed by fire at sea.
 Laid over.
 After a abort Executive Session, the Sen
 ate adjourned to Monday next.
 Wednesday, Jan. 16, 1850.
 Mr. Seward presented a petition ui 325
 dozens of New York for ihe abolition of Sla
 very in the District of Columbia, an I moved
 it* reference to the Committee on the Judicia
 ry. Mr. Berrien moved that the question of
 reception lie upon the table. Mr. Kmg of
 Alabama ?*id that he staled the n her day ao
 plainly that he thought every S-natur anil
 the presiding officer would understand it, that
 such petitions would always be objected to.
 [Mr. King read the Chair a ecture on its
 duty. It was the usage of the beuate, when
 such petitions were presented, t» raise the
 quesdon of reception, s"d lav that question
 on the table. In this v sty sin y got rid of a
 veiy disagreeable and excusing subject. The
 Vice President, therelore, whenever such
 missiles were sent heie, ought to presume ob
 jection, and put the question, Shall they he
 received The Chair stood corrected, of
 courpe.]
 The Vice President. The Senate will
 pardon me. lam only anxious that ihe usu
 al course should be taken. The Chair an
 nounced that a motion had been made that the
 petition be iHceived and referred. The 'hair
 was nut aware that the Chair had any power
 to present any question other than the one
 which was moved.
 Mr. King. As a matter of course, "Shall
 the paper be received?” is the questiou.
 The Vice Presuit nt. The question now i?
 to lay the motion of reception on the table.
 The yeas and nays having been ordered,
 were then taken, and r&lt; suited thus:
 Yeas—Messrs. Atch.son, Badger, Bell,
 Beniun, Berrien. Borland, Bright, Butler,
 Calhoun, Ca-a, C emena,Davis of Mississippi,
 Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge oflowa,
 Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hauston, Hunter,
 Joues, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearce,
 Rusk, Sebaation, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney,
 —32.
 Nays—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Clarke,
 Coo|ier, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts,
 Dodge of Wisconsin, Felch, Greene, Hamlin,
 Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith,
 Spruance, Upham, Wales, Walker— l 9.
 So the motion to receive the petition was
 laid on ihe table.
 [lt will be observed that Bright of Indiana.
 Cass of Michigan, Dayton and Miller of New
 Jersey, Dickinson of New York, Sturgeon of
 Pennsylvania, Dodge and Joaes of lowa—
 eight Senator* from free. States—four from
 the West, tour the East, six of them Demo
 crats and two Whigs—voted to lay the mo
 tion to receive on the table—in other words,
 voted against the right of petition.]
Wc copy the following extract from the
 York Herald, which shows that our dear
 brother, W. W. Brown, is doing a noble
 work in directing the moral sentiment of
 England against American slavery.—r. d.
 American Slavery.
 The numerously attended meetings, which
 have taken place in ihe Lecture-hall, in this
 city, during the present week, lor the purpose
 of nearing addresses on the subject of Amer
 ican slavery, have been ot a nature very grati
 fying to the philanthropist, as showing the
 strong feeling which exists, in the minds of
 our fellow-citizens, agsmstt the barbarous
 traffic in human flesh. Mr. Brown, who ad
 dressed the meetings with great talent and
 fluency, is a colored negro.who has succeer ed
 in effecting his escape from the lash of h s
 cruel taskmasters. Thomas Carlisle has laid
 down the dociriue that the negro population
 have not the capacity for being educated, but
 here we have an instance, in addition to n nu
 merable others which might he cited, if a
 slave realising a great amount of knowhdge,
 and the (tower of imparting it to others with
 facility, in a far greater degree, than the vast
 majority of the white population can boost.
 Mr. Brown states that he acquired the sit ol
 reading from some children, with whom he
 had brief and secret interviews si nights m a
 garret. He afterwards became a talented ad
 vocate in behalf of his colored brethern, and,
 ultimately, was appointed a delegate for B«w
 ton to the Peace Congress at. Pans. His
 statements, the results of persona I experience
 and personal observation, exhibit a picture
 the horrors of slavery, in a professedly free
 country, that ought to raise the blush ot
 shame on the countenance ole very American.
 The severe laws against parties who harbour
 slaves who have escaped, or who give them
 food to prevent them perishing from hunger—
 the punishment inflicted upon those who teach
 slaves to read, or who impart any amount ot
 education to t iera—the inconsistent conduct
 of a large poition of professing Christians,
 who are the owners of slaves—md the traffic
 in slaves, for the benefit even «f doctors of di
 vinity end theological institution—eli theee
 facts are disgraceful to the character of the
 American, and a foul blot upon the national
 We trust that Mr. Brown will pursue hit
 mission, until every city and town in this
 country hae reciprocated the resolution pasted
 by the citiwn* of York, that the inhabitants
 of the United States have no right whatever
 to me the word.‘*iiberty,” so long as slavery
exists within their dominions. The tinsni
 muus voice of the people of Great Britain,
 thus earnestly expressed, would, etlem, hi*
 ten the emancipation of the negio popalatiou,
 unless the Ataericrns be toially dead to Chris
 nan feeling, and to the sacred obligations im
 posed upon ihem by that g.wpel they pTofc*
 to cherish, but the sacred precepts of which
 they now so wantonly violate.
Hansaad Webster.
 Out object in to give a sketch of Congress,
 aa it is—its members sad their numbers; but
 we must tike notice of a time removed soon
 years back. We refer to the great South
 Carolina debate upon the tariff question of 18
 33. We wete in the gallery. The nullifi
 cation fdver had risen almost frenzy high.—
 Members of ail parties had deserted the lower
 house to witnes the splintering of lauces be
 tween Robert Y. Hayoe, of South Carolina,
 and Daniel Webster. When we entered, the
 halt Gen. Hayne was speaking. He was a
 min of general youthful appearance, with his
 shirt collar turned over his cravat, and his
 hair stnootniy brushed across his forehead.
 He was of the middle stature, and well made.
 He waa speaking energetically; his eves we»e
 peculiarly brilliant, and his face was extreme
 ly pale. He moved up and down the aisle*
 formed between desks, with a rapid step; hi?
 gestures were vehement, and he appeared to
 be under a high state of excitement. W«
 were peculiarly struck with his whole appear
 ance, and the tone of feeling evident in tht
 chamber. Mr. Calhoun, then Vice President
 was in the chair. With hia large, steady and
 vigilant eyes, witnessing the first great bin.
 tie of bis docuine, he seemed the very spirit
 of embodied interest; not a word, not a ges
 tuse escaped his lion-look.—The Senate waa
 deeply interested, aa a matter of course. The
 language of Gen. Hayne was rich and vigor
 ous and his powerful sketch of the effect ul
 the impost law on the South—the description
 of our people—his own|bold and hazardous el
 ocution and impetuous bearing—weie evident
 ly making a strong impression on the body.
 Prom time to time, attention would be direc
 ted from him to the gentlemen who was ex
 pected to answei him, whom Gen. Haym
 attacked, undei cover of a terrible and galling
 fire.
 Cold, serene, dark, and melancholy, that
 man, thus assailed, sat apart, bleak and frown
 ing as a mountain rock, he evidently felt the
 gigantic influences that were at work around
 him, but Ins profound mind waa strengthening
 ttsell for the contest. And how deeply sol
 emn, was that hour, that moment! how grand
 that scene! and what were the meditations
 and spirit rallying! of that dark man?—Hi?
 countenance wavered not during the whole ol
 that tremendous speech; assault after aseauli
 was made upon h ut, but yet he neither turn
 ed to the right nor to the left, hut calmly and
 gallantly, like a soldier waning ihe signal, he
 b ded his hour. Thai time of retaliation came,
 swift 33 the thoughts 01 vengeance, to Daniel
 Webster. Who will forget the exordium of
 that remarkable effort, the lashing sarcasm,the
 withering tones of that voice, and the temper 1
 of his language? Gen. Hayne (we remember
 distinctly) changed color and appeared to be
 d.sconceried. But who that heard him will
 permit the peroration to be forgotten?—those
 closing passages of grandeur, that majestic f
 allusion to the flag of freedom and hia coun
 try. Looking with hisdatk and lustrous eye, a
 through the glass dome of the chamber, over a
 which he could see the banner floating, he de- 1
 litered an apostrophe, which lias never been
 surpassed, and seldom equalled. It composed
 a figure of ihe most thrilling interest—a burst
 «f solemn and pathetic feeling; and coming
 from such a source, (a man generally esteem- t«
 cd phlegmatic,) it was electric. It 'was like
 the beam of sunset, or the gleam of summer
 liglitniug, radiating the brow of the tllifl to
 which we have above alluded.
 But these scenes are passed, and the coun-
 try has the benefit of those speeches; but the
 memory of them, and the incidents that atten
 ded them are forcibly impressed on our
 mind.— National Magazine.
English Newspapers,—The Family
 Journal circulates, weekly, 125.000 copies,
 Chambers’ Journal, 70,000, and Eliza Cook's
 Journal, 60,000.
An intelligent gentlemen lmm California
 estimates the amount of gold shipped ai the
 mine $30,000,000 lor the year 1840. He
 supjoses that not more than one-lhird of the
 amount duu finds its way to the United States.
Receipts
 Fur the .North Star, for the Wuk ending
 January 90, 1850-
 AnnT. Adama 2.00
 Ditto, donation 1,00
 Rol)crt Hills 2,00
 Wm Savage 2.00
 Richard Robbins 2,00
 Francis Curtis 1,00
 Joiiaiinui Higley 2,00
 Richard Gray 2,00
 Henry OjYVaggooer 1.00
 Samui I Smith 2,&lt;*o
 Mis Sleeper and Friends don 1,00
 J Thurher 2,00
 Austinburg A. 9, Society 2,00
 Am B Smith 2,00
 Luther Me lend y 2,00
 G W Easton 1,00
 Mrs CKay 2,00
 Mrs Hurst 2,00
 John Molson 1,00
 Merrell Humphrey 2,00
 Wm Meredith 2,00
 Dr Pierce 2,00
 Isaac Poet 2,00
 E P Willis 2,00
 Henry Willie 2,00
 Edmund Willete 2,00
 Steplien Rnshmore 2,00
 Joseph Flanders 1,00
 Orlando Jones 2,0 U
 CAUTION!
 From the Chronotype.
 The great popularity ot Wisiar’s Balsam of
 Wild Cherry, has induced some meicenary indivi
 duals in various parts of tlw country, to compound
 quark noetiunis, for the purpose of deceiving the
 public, and raising money on the a ell-earned reput
 ation of this Valuable medicine. Tlw interests id
 tlie proprietor cannot suffer, if be can but keep the
 public informed against the falsa preparations at
 tempied to be palmed off in the name of the Wild
 Cbeiry; for certain it is that no wediciue e»e r
 proved &gt;g ffiencious in n long atalogue of the
 most common dieses which human rttsh is heir
 to.” or preserved die health and life of so many
 thousands of our race, as has Dr Wniar’s Be! mu’.
 Mr. S TH W. FOWLE. Druggist, No I*l.
 Washington Street, is the sole proprietor of the
 original reeeint for tha manufacture of the genuine
 medicine, and supplies both at wholesale and re*
 Uil. and of whom, also, agencies Can be obtained.
 The Genuine and Original Dr. Wistar’s Bal-
 SA* or Wild Cmxrrt, has been extensively
 counterfeited in Philadelphia, end to am ihottMnd
 dottles of tlw spurious imitation thrown into the
 market and extensively circulated. This is to
 caution dealers amt the public generally against
 purchasing any other than that baviag the written
 signature of 1. MUTTS on the wrapper.
 Tor suit by fo«T Jt Willis t alto by Wm.
 Piteiii.
 FROM DU BUQUE, lOWA.
 Do Bctguc, March 27,1349?
 Mr- W. B. Slonu: Dear Sir—l have within a
 few days purchased of Masers. Bargoyue Jk Co.,
 all your (Sloan’e) Medicines, that they had on
 baud; also guy and all interest they may have bad,
 as your Agents in this dace. It is my wish and
 intention to keep a gaud supply of these artic as
 always on hand. You will please send me some of
 w
 Iwarer will pay you Mr. I shall advertise yuut
 medicines ia two of' city papets: ibis, I think,
 will promote the sale of them. If it dues not in
 terfere with your business arrangements, I WU «J.
 5v rtwfgsrassASz
JOSEPH C. BU3TILL, Book Keeper, Ac-
 V countsm, md Confidential Letter Write',
 Mu* respectfully inform Iris f. tends and the
 public in general, that he has for their sceoruicods
 tion, opens,l I,is office for the keeping f Hooks,
 casting mcommhs, writing letters upon famines*, Ac.
 the drawing of Bow's, articles of agreement, Con
 stitution*, bye-mars, reports, communication*. Ac.
 Jtc.,at No. 1«9, SouihSixJb
 a here by hie strict attention to bn&gt;i. ess he hopes
 10 secure their pattimage, and merit their coufi
 fence and esteem. Terms. Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.* to 9 P 8.
 Also Age it for the North MTar, single copies
 of which can be nltU.ined; and the sale of Lot* in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
IMPORTANT TO TUB LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas. and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing Imo prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend* and Uie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very heautiful,
 from which are are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest anil most fashionable
 materials in use, such a* Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 Hie designs and workmandiip are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONL AND ALL,
 CALL ABU SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the .usertion that our prices me at
 least 25 per cent, less than ihe maleriu’e can be
 iHirckased elsew here, ami made up in a more supe
 rior man; er than they cancel them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Vise lies at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, t urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off nt astobishibcly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our *t&lt; rk.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main it., Rochester, and
 14 Cathaiine si., New York. oci26 8m
Hair-tutting and Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’s Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Builalo-street nov 16—Sin
The Old Curosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would re.»|&gt;e&lt; tfully inform hi
 triends and the public generally, that he lias recent K
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 ■oid agricultural implements, and indeed all thnur
 various odds and ends” of which may not In
 read ily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles fry which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothing repaired aud renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Doiit forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rocliester March 1849.
Narrative of the life of feeder.
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to li*
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 87Jc
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, tliat I have removed nay
 office trom No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give |&gt;ei feet
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of bavins teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Rail-Road Time.
 riHANGEIN TIME.—The trains w ill commence
 to leave Rocliester to-dav at the following time
 Eastward—at 12} a.M., 1 r.M. 7|p.h.
 Westward—at 8| a. m., 2 P.M., 5.| r.M. 11 r.w
 Rochester. .May 1, 1849.
For Sale (heap,
 Twenty building lots, in the Ninh
 V\ ard of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes'
 wa'k from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indispuiahle. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately,
 will be urcomm dated on easy t-rms. Said I ot*
 front on Thompson Street and Morel!’* Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neatONE-HORSF CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Mohel, Brooklyn
 post office, or an interview uiay he had at mv
 apartments in Weekeville, from 4 to 6 o'clock r.M.
 every day in the week, Saturdays exrep'ed. MB
 jan 4 6w
Elihu Barrltt’s Newspaper.
 THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN- F.lihu Bur-
 Ritt, Proprietor; Elihu t urkitt, Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Editors; Edmund Fra, Lon
 don, J. B. Syme, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Pant, Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVEN TH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper Commencec, on the First
 of January, 1850. Terms One Delllr and Fifty
 Cents per annum, invariably in advance Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 I he Citizen is the oignn of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the great reformatory qne-tions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises of
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in the
 spit it of peace. It speaks for the slave as a brother
 bound; and for Hie abolition of all institutions and
 customs which do not respect the image of God
 and a human brothee, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be poet paid, ami directed lo either of the
 Editors, at WORCESTER, MASS.
 jan 4—eaw 4t
 JA &lt;IES W. MONDOKMING still contiones to
 keep the Grocery on Second Street, corner ot
 Elm, North side. Has constantly on hand every
 variety of Groceries. 3ip
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 18.1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE subscrilter Ims removal to that neat, conve
 nient, nnd centralboarding-house, No. 21 Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcon* tome
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be tlte'central place in Bos
 ton, wltere the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, lie.,may meet together, anil
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAK.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Conn
 aellor at Law, Braxer's Building, State Street
 Boston.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 l_. sign of the Holden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 66, Umov Strut, Rostov.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 Goode of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, fee, exchanged for new
 dobing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods.
 HEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 M,CUNE SMITH, 98, Wert Broad-
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform bo
 Frietids and the Public, that she has removed
 from 160 to a commodious house M Ih2, Church
 Street, when; she will continue to entertain respect-
 able colored persons with Board ami Lodging.
 New York, May 11,1949-
 ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, hmwemi Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Alan—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen Furnishing A. tides,
 Boots "'‘an f£ Bal#r Fasbionebh I
 Bedford* 41 sWloe 80 Street, Nev
 W. B. L, keens aonmamU lUW &gt;tnr
 end will cash- Strict atteetim
 custoio-iuade work, by Hasan. Parker as
S Lot S’ S CSUII,
(O* An the medicines advertised by W. B. Skma
 are sold by Post A Willi,, Winslow A Young, ft*
 cheater; 8. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. 8. BairvtoA
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Broekport; CUM
 Nye, Pittaford; W. William., Buffo;*; and by
 mo-1 druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now o..iveroaßy ac
 knowledged to be an infalliible remedy, in every
 ruse where it bus been faithfully appliedo« the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from u wound, re
 lieving pern of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the work! does not produce its equal, aud
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and bust Fami
 ly Ointment that ha.ever been used. Ail diseases
 uf the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, CUU-
 W«IM, Sore Throat, Barns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the fore, side, hack, sad the
 j P"!* «&gt;f the system, Boifo, Ulcere, SeaU
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 _ _ W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, st., Chicago, Iff.
OOCTORINO IN OALKNA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir: About three yuan MS
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by fen
 foiling of a pile of wood which occasioned forge
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vair, until frem
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being Well again—hut in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach. I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some ef your
 Ointment, and you can judge of my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find tea
 sell entirely well before I had finished ueiag tto
 second box.
 These facU I make known that others -flthtsd
 many believe and not delay using so valuable aa
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your greteful friend, EVAN DAVIA.
 Galena, lil., Dec. 19,1848.
OK HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, waa
 afflicted in his feel from the time he first began ta
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain «nd mack
 affliction, inanv times he was obliged to go oa hiu
 hands ami knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physician*; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft ami free from cracks, si
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of lus
 own,from Itearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which
 his feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 now tlic same as though they never had beau other
 wise. Yours, &amp;.c.
 ISAAC PADFN,
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1840,
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Shkbotgan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Bloan—Dear Sir: In my opinisa*
 tile greatest cures effected are those thnt have
 longest resisted the skill qf the Mrdicat Faculty.
 Admitting that to Im a (act, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. Jamrt Sanford, of Shthoygan Fait*, waa
 crippled two years with fivt largt dttp uicort, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen to
 oould not get on n boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physician* in various places, have treated ms
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing tlie swelling and healed two
 of the fores. The other three I labored at till tto
 first of February, without muck if any benefit, when
 I gave him a'box of Si.oab’s Oibtmxbt, and
 in three weeks be was wet).
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 tN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT HM3
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 Have earned a great name.
burnt to cinders^
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thauk* lor your urvahal
 lklko Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, anti before the damns could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, thu
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table iu less than twenty four hours. Your Ck&amp;mtut
 was recommended, and used with success—itVave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child Is
 now well ami about her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family aud person should have it iu their prists
 sion.
 1 feel Jindedted to you for my child's li(e, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your ta ad trim. I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant*
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 88th, 1849. J
For Purdy, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughness SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use lor tire cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G'lla of all kinds. Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgeila, Poll
 Evil, Cnllus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistulas Siliast,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered F eet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all infiammatiou aud
 lever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, c lea are thu
 water,and strengthen every partof the body; and
 lias proved a sovereign remedy for the follow
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hidebound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Infiainmation of the Eye*.
 Fatiuue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 lata! to many valuable horses in this country. It iu
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and odds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W.B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake at., Chicago, lUiaofs-
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan's Hare* Medi
 cines Our neighbors, friends sod acquaintance*
 who have used them, taetify their approbation in an
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with coafi.
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been ejected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to’’ is cured, permanently, hy the ua» of
 Blown's Medicine*. TRY THEM and teat for your
 self their eficaey-— Organ, May btk, 1840.
 HIGHLY BROKEN OF.
 £strati from the Waultrsha Democrat' RV
 May 9,1849.
 “Sloan’s Mkdicinks.''— A subscriber mAw
 frumthetownof New Be,fi„, requesTuTm re 7.
 that he has used Mr. Sloan's Horae OintmeaTw
 several instance# during the past wimar end
 Always with tbe desired eflbct/aad wishes a» to
 ecommend it to those who have the ret and care
 .horse*. Mr. Sloan's mesk£re are highly
 °f generally, end from the fimseahl* ae
 piamtance have with that geailearea. wo are lad
 to believe that tliey are prepared with a view te
 pw a real bet *fit to whatever prepare they are re
 reJress A
 BATTLE SNAKE BIT*.-*
 Ds. W. B. Sloa n —Dear Sir —Last mouth |fr v
 k. B. TaUor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 V* *&gt;ye Kwlreuaka.
 ome tan boar* after, I awe the beret, hia head man
 rererkab'y #wol!en, 1 immediately applied vrar
 3immem freely, and we were astonished at Om
 irompt relief aftontud. Iu law thaa one boar thu
 wolhug 1-egHn to abate, usd in twenty four how h
 «d ne-»Hj all subaided, and within three davatlm
 saaaJrSfiaa'.sr™*
 CmcAHO, loos 9th, 1849
