VOL. 111. NO. 7.
The NORTH STAR is published every
 Friday, at Mo. 25, Buffalo Street,
 Opposite the Arcade
 TERMS.
 \wo dollar* iter annum, aimaks in advance. No
 subscription Will be receired fur a lea* term tbai
 six DiMds.
 A Iverusements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 tlim ti.nj* for one dollar every subsequent inser
 tion* l*Mtydt( cents.
 Tlie object of the North Star will be to attack
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation exalt the staudaid
 of public morality, promote the moral and mtellec
 tuai improvement of ike Colored People; ami
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 £f* All coininHß&gt;mai«j» relating to the ferine**
 eewrs of the paper, names of suWtihers, remit
 tanear, ho., stunt Id be addressed to FkedErlce
 Doculass, Elitor, Rochester, N. Y.
 OP Agents, and ad others sending names, arc
 requested to be accurate, and to gi*e the Post ojice,
 the County amltlie State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for monev received.
 (SP Any person sen ling In payment for four sub
 sen tiers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o e year.
 OO* All letters and communica' ions must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.F. Wailcut, 21, Cornliill,
 Boston; Nathan Jobuson, New Bedford; Horatii.
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut.—Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 Nr.w Vore.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, We«tbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Am.irancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania.— J- M. M’Kim, 81, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149.
 Ba, Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townseud, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Niehdton, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—John James Carev. 'l'uronto.
Selections.
ARGUMENT
 Of Charles Sumner, Esq., against the Con
 stitutionality of Separate Colored Schools,
 in the case of Sarah C. Roberts vs. The
 City of Boston. Before the Supreme Courl
 of Mass., Dec. 4, 1849.
 [continued.]
 111. The Courts of Massachusetts
 have never recognized any discrimina
 tion, founded on o«lor or race, in the j
 administration of the Public Schools,'
 but have recognized the equal rights of
 all the inhabitants.
 There are a few decisions of our
 Court bearing on this subject, but they
 all breathe one spirit. The sentiment
 of equality animates them. In the casef
 of Commonwealth vs Davit, 6 Mass.
 R. 146, while declaring the equal
 rights of all the inhabitants, both in the
 grammar and district schools, the Court
 said “The schools required by the
 statute are to be maintained for the
 benefit of the whole town, it is the
 wise policy of the law to give all the in
 habitants equal privileges for the educa
 tion of their children in the public schools.
 Nor is it in the power of the majority to
 deprive the minority of this privilege.
 Every inhabitant of the
 town h&amp;9 a right to participate in the
 benefits of both descriptions of sshools,
 and it is not competent for a town to
 establish a grammar school for the ben-,
 efit of one part of the town to the ex-i
 elusion of the other, although the mon
 ey raised for the support of schools
 may be in other respects fairly appor
 tioned.”
 In the case of fVithington vs. Eve
 leth, 7 Pick. 106, the Court said, they
 “were satisfied that the power is given
 to towns to determine and define the
 limits of school districts, can be execu
 ted only by a geographical division of
 the towo for that purpose.” A limita
 tion of the district, which was merely
 personal, was held invalid. This same
 principle was again recognized in Per
 ry vs. Dove, 12 Pick. R. 213, where
 the says, “Towns, in executing
 the power to form school districts, arc
 bound so to do it as to include every in
 habitant in some of the districts. They
 cannot lawfully omit any, and thus de
 prive them of the benefits of our invalu
 able system of free schools.”
 The Constitution, the legislation, and
 the judicial decisions of Massachu
 setts, have now been passed in review.
 Wo have seen what is contemplated by
 the Equality secured by the Constitu
 tion. We have seen also what is con
 templated by the system of Public
 Schools, as established by the laws ol
 the Commonwealth, and illustrated by
 the decisions of the Supreme Court.—
 The way is now prepared to considet
 the peculiarities in the preseut case,
 and to apply the principle which w«
 have thus recognized in the Constitu
 lion, in the laws and judicial decis
 ions.
 IV. The exclusion ot colored chil
 dren from the Public Schools, open tc
 white children, is a source of partial
 inconvenience to them and their pa
 rents, toj which white persons are not
 exposed, and is, therefore, s violation
 of Equality. The black and the whit&lt;
 are not equal before tie law,
 ll appears from the etatement of facte
 that among the rules of the Primarj
 School Committee, is one to this effect
 “Scholars to go to the school neares
 their residence. Application for ad
 miesion to our ectioole (with the excep
 tion and provision referred to in th&lt;
 proceeding rule) are especially enti
 tied to enter the schools nearest tbeii
 residence The exception bore ii
 ‘♦of those for whom special provisioi
 has beet) made" in separate schools
 that is, colored-children.
 In this rule—without the exceptiot
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
—it seen a part of the beauty of our
 Public School system. It is the boast
 of England, that justice, through the
 multitude of courts, is brought to ev
 ery man’s door. It may also be th«
 boast of our Public School system,
 that education in Boston, through th&gt;
 multitude of schools, is brought to ev
 ery white man’s door. But it is not
 brought to every black man’s door.-
 He is obliged to go for it—to travel
 tor it—often a great distance. The
 facts in ths present case are not s&lt;
 strong as those ot other cases which
 have come to my knowledge. But
 here, the little child, only five yean*
 old, was compelled, if she went to the
 nearest African school, to go a distance
 •&gt;f 2109 feet from her own dwelling,
 while the nearest Primary School wa
 only 900 feet, and, in doing this, she
 would pass near no less titan five dif
 ferent Primary Schools, forming pan
 of our Public and open to
 white children, all of which were clos
 ed to her. jSurely this is not equality
 before the law.
 This simple fact ia enough to deter
 mine this case. If it be met by the
 suggestion, that the inconvenience is
 trivial, and such as the law will not no
 tice, 1 reply, that it is precisely of that
 character which reveals distinctly an
 existing inequality, and, therefore, the
 law cannot fail to notice it. There is
 a maxim of the civilian, Duntoulin,
 whish teaches that oven n trivial fact
 may give occasion to an important ap
 plication of the law. Modica enim cir
 cumstantia facti indued magnum juris
 dirersitatim. Also from the best exam
 ples of our history, we learn that the
 insignificance of a fact cannot obscure
 the grandeur of the principal stake.—
 It was a paltry tax on tea, laid by a
 Parliament in which they were not rep
 resented that aroused our fathers to the
 struggles of the Revolution. They
 did not feel the inconvenience of the
 tax, but they felt its oppression. They
 went to war for a principle. Let it not
 be said, then, that the inconvenience is
 so slight in the present case as not to
 justify the appeal I now make, in be
 half of the colored children, for Equal
 ity before the law.
 I tnay go, however, beyond the facts
 in this case, and show that the incon
 venience arising from the exclusion ol
 colored children, is of such a charac
 ter as seriously to effect the comfort
 and condition of the African race in
 Boston. The two primary schools
 open to these children are in Belknap
 street and in Sun court. I need not
 add that the whole city is dotted with
 schools open to white children. The
 colored parents, anxious that their chil
 dren should have the benefit of educa
 tion, are compelled to live in the neigh
 borhood of the schools, to gather about
 them, as near the East people come
 from a distance to rest near a fountain
 or a well. They have not, practically,
 the srme liberty of choosing theii
 homes, which belong to the white man.
 Inclination, or business, or economy,
 may call them to another part of tht
 city; but they are restrained on account
 of their children. There is no such
 restraint upon the white man, for he
 knows that wherever in the city incli
 nation, or business, or economy, iiibj
 call him, be will find a school open t«
 his children near his door. Surel)
 this is not equality bofure the la*'.
 Or if a colored person, yielding t&lt;&gt;
 the necessities of his position, remove*-
 to a distant part of the city, his chil
 dren may be compelled, at an incon
 venience which will not be called trivi
 al, to walk a long distance in order t&lt;
 enjoy the advantages of the school.—
 In our severe winters, this cannot be
 disregarded by children so tender in
 years as those of the primary schools.
 There is a respectable colored person,
 am told, who became same time since
 a resident at East Boston, separated
 by the water from the main laud.—
 There are, of course, proper public
 schools at East Boston, but none that
 were then open to colored children.
 This person, therefore, was obliged t&lt;&gt;
 send his children, three in number,
 daily, across the ferry to a distant Af
 rican school. The tolls for these chil
 dren amounted to a sum which formed
 a severe tax upon a poor man.
 This is the conduct of a colored pa
 rent. He is well deserving.of honoi
 for his generous efforts for his children.
 As they grow in knowledge, they will
 rise and call him blessed but at the
 same time they will brand as accursed
 the arbitrary discrimination of coler,
 in the public school* of Boston, which
 rendered it necessary for their father,
 out of his small means to make such
 sacrifices for tbeir education.
 Such a grievance, even independent
 of any stigma from color, calls for re
 dress. It is an equality which the Con
 stitution and laws of Massachusetts re
 pudiate. But it is not on the ground
 of inconvenience oaly that it is odious.
 And this brings me to the next point.
 V. The separation of children in
 the Public Schools of Boston, on ac
 count of color or race, is in the nature
 of Caste, and is a violation of Equali
 ty.
 The facts in this case show express
 ly that the child was excluded from the
 school nearest to her dwelling, the
 number in the school at the time war*
 ranting her admission, “on the sole
 ground of color.” The first Majority
 Report presented to the School Com
 mittee, to which reference is mnde in
 the statement of facts, gives, with more
 fulness, the grounds of this discrimina
 tion, saying, “It Is one of races, not ol
 tolar, merely. The distinction is one
 which the Almighty has seen fit to es
 tablish, sad it it founded deep ia the
ROCHESTER. N. V FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 8. 1850.
physic*!, mental, and moral natures o
 the two races. No legislation, no s«
 cial customs, can efface this distinc
 tion.” Words more aj.t than these t*
 describe the heathenish relation o
 Caste, could not be chosen.
 This will be apparent from the verj
 definition of Caste. This is bor
 rowed from the Portuguese word cotta
 which signifies family, breed, race.—
 It is in India that is is most often ap
 plied; it is there that we must go in or
 der to understand its full force. A re-
 writer or the subject
 says, that it is “not only a distinct in
 by birth, but it is founded on the doc
 trine of an essentially distinct origin »i
 the different races, which are thus un
 alterably separated.” (Itoberts ot
 Caste, p. 134.) This is the ver)
 ground of the Boston School Commit
 tee.
 But this word is not now applied foi
 the first time to the distinction betweei
 the white and black races. Alexandei
 Humboldt, in speaking of the negrne.-
 in Mexico, has characterized them a&gt;
 a Caste, and a recent political and ju
 ridical writer of France, has used tht
 same term to denote, not o'nly the dis
 in India, but those of oui
 own igpntry. (Charles Comte, Traitt
 de Legislation, tom. 4, p. 445, 129.)
 In the course of his remarks he refer*
 to the exclusion of colored children
 from the public schools, as among “the
 humiliating and brutal distinctions” by
 which their caste is characterized. It
 is, then, on authority and reason, that
 we apply this term to the hereditary
 distinction on account of color, which
 is established in the Public Schools ol
 Boston.
 It is when we see this discrimination
 in this light, that we learn to appreci
 ate its true character. The Brahmins
 and the Sudras, in India, from genera
 tion to generation, were kept apart.
 If a Sudra presumed to si! upon a Bra
 min’s carpet, he was punished with
 banishment. It is with a similar inhu
 manity, that the black child who goes
 to sit on the same benches at school
 with the white child, is banished, not
 from the country, but from the school.
 In both cases it is the triumph of Caste.
 But the offence is greater with us, be
 cause, unlike the Hindoos, we ac
 knowledge that men are born equal.
 TO BE CONTINUED.
From the National Standard.
 RIGHT OP BUFFKEGE.
 Citizens, in addressing you in favor
 of a disfranchised portion of the legal
 tax-payers of New Jersey, I feel, from
 the success our enterprise has already
 been crowned with, that intelligence,
 humanity and justice, may be styled
 characteristics of the citizens of this
 State.
 Knowing, then, that I atn speaking
 to an and humane people,
 who believe in that noble sentiment set
 forth in the Declaration of Independ
 ence, that all men are created free
 and equal,” &amp;c., I take the liberty ot
 speaking freelo to you, being one of
 the disfranchised, and I do not believe
 your hearts are so callous as not to
 listen to the voice of the oppressed.
 Although the above Declaration de
 clares that all men are created free
 and equal,” those noble words, in their
 common acceptation, do not and can
 not apply to me disfranchised people
 I am now speaking of; because, indi
 rectly, you deny the disfranchised are
 men. You say all men are created
 free and equal, and at the same time,
 you deny that equality, which is noth
 ing more nor less than denying our
 manhood. If we are not free and equal,
 (according to the Declaration of Inde
 pendence), we are not men, because
 all men are created free and equal.”
 We confess there is something about
 this we never could understand. We
 are denied our rights as men, at the
 «ame time are taxed in common with
 yourselves, and obliged to support the
 government in her denunciations. It
 we are not men, why are we dealt with
 as such when we do not pay our taxes,
 or when we infringe the laws? When
 ever we become a delinquent in the
 one, or a transgressor in the other,
 there is then no question about our
 manhood; we are treated as men, to
 all intents and purposes. If we are
 men, when our taxes are due, and men
 when we. transgress the laws, we are
 men when our taxes are not due, and
 when we do not transgress the laws.
 There are many reasons why color
 ed men should be enfranchised. We
 have been reared in this State, and are
 acquainted with her institutions. Our
 fidelity to this country has never been
 questioned. We have done nothing to
 cause our disfranchisement; on the
 contrary, we have done all a people
 could do to entitle them to be enfran
 chised.
 It is said,/* there is not sufficient in
 telligence amongst us to warrant the
 restoration of those rights, and that
 we are not sufficiently acquainted with
 the government, fee.; but they do no|
 say we have not sufficient intelligence
 and knowledge of the government, to
 warrant us to pay our taxes, because
 we cannot thoroughly understand how
 the money goes!
 If we, who have elwaye been with
 you, do not understand something of
 the regulations of tb» country, how
 miserably ignorant are the thousands
 of voters who arrive in this country
 annually, who know nothing of this
 government, and but little of any gov
 ernment! There to no just plee, and
 apology for you to shut every avenue
 to elevation, a&amp;d than complain ot de
 gradation; what eUa can be expected,
 U fretM
while we are looked upon as things,
 and treated worse than unthinking
 animals?
 In the Reaolution, colored soldiers
 fought side by side with you in youi
 struggles for liberty; and thire is noi
 a battle-field from Maine to Georgia,
 which has not been crimsoned by out
 blood, and whitened by our bones. In
 1814, a Bill passed the Legislature o!
 Mew York, accepting the services oi
 3000 colored volunteers. In the battle
 on Lake Erie, Commodore Parry
 fleet was manned chiefly by colored
 stamen. Many black sailors Served
 under Commodore McDonougff, when
 ue conquered on Lake
 Many were in **»♦'battle* 1 (TnalU
 burgh and Sackett’s Harbor. Gen.
 Jackson called out colored troops from
 Louisiana and Alabama, and in solemn
 proclamation attested to their fidelity
 and courage.”
 But sums of our enemies say, we
 had better go to Africa.” We ask,
 Why? They say, we cannot rise
 in this country, the prejudices are too
 strong to be overcome;” that we had
 better be kings am ing beggars, than
 beggars among kings.” As ueither ol
 the positions is enviable, we will not
 quarrel about the beggarly or kingly
 conditions. We think thess titular
 philanthropists who try to make the
 people believe we can never rise in
 this country, and that money must be
 raised, by appropriation or otherwise,
 to expatriate us, would do well to hold
 their peace—give their extra change
 to the poor—emigrate to the countiy
 of their forefathers as quickly as pos
 sible, and take their incendiary reports
 along with them.
 They say, this is not our country.”
 We would ask, Who does it belong to?
 If this country is yours, and was gain
 ed by conquest, then we are parliceps
 criminis, and are equally entitled to the
 spoil.
 Africa is urged upon us as the coun
 try of our forefathers! If this is good
 sophistry—and we think it will pass—
 then it follows that all men must go to
 the country of their forefathers: in this
 case, the blacks will go to Africa, and
 the whites to Europe; and where will
 the mixed races go? We suppose, in
 such an event, they would occupy the
 intermedium—ihat is, the Mediterrane
 an Sea! What would become of the
 Indians? Would they go to the coun
 try of their forefathers? If so, where
 is it
 This sophistry is not aesigned to ag
 grandize any but the descendants ol
 European nations: Africa is the coun
 try for the Africans, their descendants
 arid mongrels of various colors; Asia
 the country of the Asiatics; the East
 Indies the place for the Malays; Pata
 gonia the country for the Indian; and
 any place the white man chooses to go,
 his country!
 The country a man is born in, is his
 country; and the humanity that would
 oppress a colored man for a white
 man’s sake, is no humanity for us; and
 the man that will refuse to assist suf
 fering humanity, on account of color,
 i» undeserving of the name of man.
 Think no longer that we cannot un
 derstand and act as men. We do not
 need another man’s ears lo enable us
 to hear, or another man’s eyes, to en
 able us to see; nor do w* require an
 other man’s reason, to enable us to
 think, or another man’s legs to enable
 us to walk. The faculties and senses
 are bestowed upon us as upon your
 selves; and the inan who favors a sys
 tem that prohibits us from hearing a
 lecture, or seeing an exhibition, —that
 restrains our reason, by shutting up
 the avenues for information, and that
 prevents us from passing certain (ima
 ginary) lines, to visit a sick mother or
 a dying wife, do transcend the proper
 bounds of men, and belie that noble
 sentiment that declares all men are
 free and equal.”
 Our design, in speaking frankly, is
 not to upbraid you, but to show you
 our maltreatment, and ask you to ame
 liorate our condition, by giving us our
 rights. We apprehend no unkind feel
 ings from an intellectual people. Ig
 norance and prejudice are the monsters
 we have to.grapple with.
 Your present happiness and pros
 perity in this country, result from your
 having the Elective Franchise If you
 were deprived of it as long as we have
 been, you would be degraded also.
 We ask this privilege that we may be
 prosperous and happy. We never
 could become rivals. The meagre pro
 portion that we bear to you in num
 bers, is a sufficient guarantee against
 rivalry.
 We are willing to stand by the peo
 ple of this country, among enemies
 and friends, in prosperity and adversi
 ty, in peace and ia war; all we ask is
 to be treated as MS9.
 J. S. ROCK.
 FATHER MATHEW’S LETTER TO
 JUDGE LUMPKIN,
 Richmond, (Va.) Dec. 23, 1849.
 Hon’d and Dear Sir: When you
 condescended to address aa invita
 tion to pay the illustrious body ovel
 which you, with so much dignity pre
 side, a visit for the promotion of the
 sacred cause of Temperance, I was
 not aware of the high rank as a Judge
 with which your country has honored
 you; otherwise I should not have
 marked my letter private, but have left
 it to your own prudence to bar# acted
 as seemed to you most conducive tc
 the good of that glorious cause, equal
 ly dear to us both. The second lettei
 which you kindly forwarded, t have
 never seen; as on its reaching Boston,
 I was confined at New York by a set
 lis i t ivu t
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
j and my physician, Di
 Fraxer, and my Secretary, deemed
 tdvisable not to speak to me en sac.
 tn exciting subject.
 I notr, honored sir, presume to in
 rude a letter «*n your well occupie*
 lime, inconsequence of an insiauatio
 hrown out that I bad uncourteousi
 declined.to reply to your letter reqeii
 mg aa explanation of my opinions 01
 ta all-important question. Whateve
 errors I may bare perpetrated, inten
 iooal disrespect to any correspondent
 however humble his rank, is not ainon;
 them—much less to personage in
 seated with the high dignity of a Judgt.
 I find, with ream, that my aingh
 adVocacf oHlidV
 ubsorbing cause of Temperance, is noi
 in this great country, well understood
 In my own beloved country, though
 groaning under the weight of the hea
 viest burden of misery that ever a
 nation bore, I endured every specie*
 &gt;f calumny rather than risk the inflic
 tion of the slightest injury on the Tem
 perance cause, by advocating the Re
 peal of the Union between England
 and Ireland. In referring your Honoi
 to the conversation I held with Mr.
 Garrison, in the Adams House,”
 Boston, I vainly thought my solemn
 declaration of being firmly resolveq
 not to interfere, in any, the slightest
 degree, with the institutions of this
 mighty Republic, would have been
 amply sufficient to calm the anxieties
 of even the most sensitive American.
 I now, dear and honored Judge, renew
 this declaration, and I most respect
 fully urge that no man, who enjoy*
 himself freedom in this emphatically
 free country can require more from
 one, who has meekly come among you
 to advocate the high and holy cause of
 Temperance, bearing in his hand the
 purq.and spotless banner, with the Di
 vine motto inscribed,"Glory to God on
 high .peace on earth to Men." In the
 anxious hope that this candid explana
 tion will remove the suspicion of inten
 tional disrespect, in making my reply
 private, and my not having answered
 your second favor, I have the honor to
 be, dear Judge,
 Your Brother in Temperance,
 and devoted Friend,
 Theobald Mathew.
 SOIREE TO W. W. BROWN, IK
 NEWCASTLE.
 On Thursday evening the friends
 and supporters of the anti-slavery move
 ment, rnet at the Music Hall, in this
 town at a public tea meeting to afford
 Mr Brown, the American fugitive slave
 an opportunity of addressing them on
 the subject of slavery, and to present
 him wiih a testimonial of their esteem
 and regard. Between four and five
 hundred sat down to tea. The Rev. J.
 Pringle was called to the chair. He
 congratulated the meeting upon the cir
 cumstances under which they had met,
 having amongst them an indiv dual be
 longing to a race of men who hid long
 been unrighteously and cruelly oppres
 sed. He believed the cause they had
 rnet to advocate was of the highest im
 portance, and intimately connected with
 the moral and religious advancement of
 society.
 The Rev. T. Pottenger participated
 in the general feeling of satisfaction at
 meeting Mr Brown on the present oc
 casion, and giving him a cordial wel
 come. Although there were many
 things in our own country, which, as a
 patriot and a Christian, he deplored,
 one of the things that endeared it to him
 was that it was the land of the free as
 well as the brave. All kinds of slavery
 deserved universal censure, but that
 was the most outrageous which was
 pa ronized and propped up by professing
 Christians,
 Mr. Brown, on rising, was enthusi
 astically cheered. He fell thankful,
 especially to the ladies of this town, for
 the kind manner in which he had been
 received as a representative of the
 slaves of America. Long before be ar
 rived in this country he had heard that
 Newcastle wds head-quarters for anti
 slavery in Great Britain, and when he
 returned he should follow in the foot
 steps of others, in giving his humble
 testimony to their efforts, not only in
 behalf of the American slave, but in
 the cause of freedom throughout the
 world. He gave an account of the
 rise and progress of the anti slavery
 movement. Benjamin. Lundie, a Qua
 ker was the first to raise the banner ol
 freedom in America, in the year 1818,
 and to advocate gradual emancipation
 for the slave. Travelling through
 Massachusetts he became acquainted
 with William Lloyd Garrison, then a
 printer about 19 years of age, who as
 sisted him in the management' ofhtf
 newspaper; but Garrison who took a
 higher ground, and advocated immedi
 ate emancipation, shortly after remo
 ved to Boston, where, by means of thr
 press, he first agitated the question. H«
 then visited England, and returned tc
 America with that renowned champioo
 of civil and religious liberty, MrGeorgt
 Thompson, who, in spite of immenct
 opposition, aroused the attention of the
 community to the enormities of the aye
 tern. Mr Brown then related the sub
 sequent progress of the abolition move
 meat down to the present time. He
 was himself indebted to the Anti-Slave
 ry Society tjf America for the positioc
 he now occupied. It was engaged to
 employing such men aa Frederick
 Douglass as lecturers, in supporting
 fugitive slaves, end in creating a feel
 ing which would eventually abolish
 slavery altogether. With the Bible
 for a text-book, and England for thi
 platform, he had no doubt of the result
 J Much had hems already accomplish
 4
ed by the agitation of this subject. Al«
 though there is still in existence a la*
 giving to tho slave nolaer the right o
 pursuing a slave into the Free sut*»
 public sentiment will not allow him t
 be dragged back. Since the com
 mencement of the movement, not onl;
 nad the eonditiou of the slave been im
 proved, but that of the five tbousan*
 tree colored people in the stave states.
 The coloured man formerly was no
 allowed the elective franchise in man;
 &gt;f the Free States; now that right i
 granted to him in all the New Euglao.
 States but one. Mr. Brown conclude■
 dis highly interesting address by thank
 ing the meeting for their kindness t«
 -mm httw reprrggmanvß on we merer
 who were still clanking their chains it
 the plantations of North America.
 The Chairman then rose *ud pre
 sented to Mr Brown a purse containing
 twenty sovereigns, accompanied with
 the following address:—" This purs*
 containing twenty sovereigns is presen
 ted to Wm. Brown by the follow
 ing Indies and some other friends ofth&lt;
 slave in Newcastle, as a token of theii
 high esteem for his and ad
 miration of his zeal in advocating tlu
 claims of his three millions of brethren
 and sisters in bonds m the Souhern
 States of America. They also express
 their sincere wish that his life may be
 long spared to pursue his valuable la
 bours—that success may soon crown
 his efforts and those of his fellow abo
 litionists on both sides of the Atlantic,
 and his heart be gladdened by the ar
 rival of the happy period when the lasi
 shackle shall be broken which binds the
 limbs of the last slave.”
 Mrs. Jno. Richardson, Miss Ann
 Richardson, Mrs. Edward Richardson,
 Miss Ellen Richardson, Mrs. Daniel
 Oliver, Mrs. Morton, Mrs. Henry
 Walker, Mr. J. Dixon, Mrs. Charles
 Brightwen, Mrs. George Mennell, Mrs.
 James Watson, Mrs. Thomas Potting
 er, Mrs. Alex. Reid, Mias Pringle,
 Mrs. Jno. Ross, Miss Potts, Mrs.
 Fenwick, Mrs. James Robson, Mrs.
 John Mawson, Mrs. John Hindhaugh,
 Mrs. Burton, Mrs. Thomas Wicke,
 Mrs. Stephenson, and Mrs Innis. The
 purse, which was a very handsome one,
 was made and presented by the Misses
 Swan, Berlin Wool Repository, North
 umberl»nd Street.
 Mr. Brown felt deeply indebted for
 this mark of their kindness, and could
 assure his friends, that the money they
 had so kindly presented to him should
 be employed in pleading the cause of
 his enslaved brethren and sisters. This,
 with other testimonials, should go
 across the Atlantic to cheer the heart
 of bondmen, to stay up the hands of
 the abolitionists, and weaken the grasp
 of the tyrant. He could not forget the
 slaves of America, for he had still (if
 living) a mother, asister, and three bro
 thers in slavery.
 The Rev. J. Houston expressed the
 extreme gratification he felt at the
 manner in which the meeting had been
 conducted, and the satisfactory nature
 of the results which would follow. He
 had great pleasure in proposing a vote
 of thanks to the ladies who had inter
 ested themselves in connection witi'.the
 party and the testimonial. The reso
 lution was seconded by Mr. Parsons,
 and after a vote of thauks to the chair
 man, and two or three Anti-Slavery
 songs from Mr. Brown, the proceed
 ings terminated.
 Froin the Massachusetts Spy.
 THE CLOVEN FOOT DISCLOSED.
 One day, exactly, after the election
 had taken place in the fourth district,
 Gen. Taylor’s message to Congress is
 permitted to reach us, in which the
 TREASON TO LIBERTY of the ad
 ministration, is fullv exposed. That
 message which we publish to-day, it
 will be seen, not only takes the Cass
 ground of non-intervention, in relation
 to the territories, but goes against the
 establishment of any territorial gov
 ernment for New Mexico, which shall
 include that part of that country to
 which Texas has set up an iuiquitous
 and unfounded claim, for the purpose
 of extending slavery over it, Texas,
 if confined to her own proper limits, is
 six or seven times as large as the whole
 State of New York—vastly larger than
 any one State ever should be permitted
 to be, and the additional territory she
 now claims is larger than all New Eng
 land, and includes the capital and best
 settled portions of New Mexico. Tex
 as, as sbe is, must inevitably be divi
 ded, on account of her unwieldy size,
 as a State, and the only possible object
 of giving her more territory would be,
 to extend slavery where it otherwise
 would not go.
 The New York Tribune thinks to
 admit California as a free state, and to
 leave the settlement of the slave ques
 tion to the territories themselves, “is as
 much as a Louisiana planter could
 he expected to concede.” Indeed!
 So said the free soilers long ago, and
 they said it was all he probably would
 cooceed. And, when they said that
 Gen. Taylor’s influence would be
 thrown against the Wiimot Proviso,
 they were denounced for it. But it is
 now matter of record, and all the lying
 pretentions of the Taylor papers, about
 his favoring the Proviso are at an
 end.
 But, the Tribune very well remarks,
 that although the message concedes as
 much as a Louisiana planter could be
 expected to conoede, “it, by no means
 follows, that it should satisfy North#*’#
 Freemen er their Representatives.”—
 If Texas ie allowed to her Hi
 country 8 P wUl be to slavery^
WHOLE NO. 111.
remaining territories of New Mexico
 i ind Eastern California, then slavery
 will be introduced there, and become
 astablished, tliut when a State gov
 ernment shall be framed the attempt to
 exclude it will be unavailing. m The
 Tribune well says, in reference to this
 question:
 New Mexico is this day in m o&gt;ent
 peril of subjugation to slavey. Her
 people are few, scattered, effeminate
 and spirit-broken by conquest; Texas
 can crush her in a month if secured
 •annuity in so doing. Withdrew from
 New Mexico the protection of the Fed
 erai Government, and Texas thrutties
 her at once. By.that act, slavery
 i fow pwliwl op eke 4Qd Anns
 of north latitude, considerably further
 North than it now has a tool hold in any
 part of the Union. The swindling An
 nexation resolves indeed hold out a
 show of excluding slavery North of 30d
 30, but that is a deliberate fraud. The
 resolve only 9ays ‘Such Slates as may
 he formed out of territory North of 36d
 30m shall be Free Stales, and Tvxas
 and her councilors will take precious
 good care that no 'States' shall be
 formed in that way, though she should
 i be split iuto a dozen. ,The triumph of
 i Texas in the pending struggle would
 give to Slavery a new domain larger
 than JYeto England, whereon there is
 not now a slave and has not been these
 twenty years. There is nothing ab
 stract theoretical, conjectural about
 this matter; THE TRIUMPH OF
 TEXAS IS THE DISCOMFITURE
 OF FREEDOM inevitabty. The work
 of Freedom to-day is the preservation
 of New Mexico, and to that every thing
 else should give way.
 But the Wilmot Proviso is the per
 manent medicine of the State the
 grand heroic antidote for the civil
 passions that most excite the National
 rapacity and corrupt the National
 heart. Give a proviso that there shall
 nevermore be Slavery in any territory
 of the Union, and the South would
 keep us carefully out of all wars of
 aggression and conquest thereafter.
 We need that as guaranty of tranquii
 ty, a security against greediness, for
 all time to come. Non-intervention is a-
 PLAY UPON WORDS; for what
 shall be the law of the territory in
 question prior to any action on the sub
 ject by its people? May a slaveholder
 take and legally hold his slaves there?
 If Yes, then you haqe Slavery estab
 lished under the name of Non-Inter
 vention. If No, then you have Anti-
 Slavery, and in essence the Wilmot
 Proviso. Why will grave men plav at
 hide-and-seek with such terms as this
 Non-Intervention?
 MR. CHARLES DiCKENs’S SUBSTI
 TUTE FOR PUBLIC EXECUTION.
 Mr. Charles Dickens has written a
 second letter on public executions.
 His positions in reference to their de-
 moralizing nature he states to be,
 "First—That they chiefly attract as
 spectators the most depraved of man
 kind, in whom they inspire no whole
 some emotions whatever. Secondly—
 That the public infliction of a violent
 death is not a salutary spectacle for
 any class of people; but that it is, in the
 nature of things, that on the class by
 whom it is generallywitnessed, it
 should have a debasing and hardening
 influence." These positions he sup
 ports by his experience at the late
 execution. To prevent such spedacles
 in a Christian country, and all the in
 calculable evils they engender, he
 would have the last sentence of the
 law executed with comparative privacy
 within the prison wall. "From the
 moment of a murderer’s being sen
 tenced to death, I would dissmiss him
 to the dread of obscurity to which the
 wisest judge upon the bench consigned
 the murderer Rush. I would allow no
 curious visitors to hold any communi
 cation with him; I would place every
 obstacle in the way of his sayings and
 doings being served up m print on
 Sunday mornings for the perusal of
 families. His execution within the
 walls of the prison should be conduc
 ted with every terrible solemnity that
 careful consideration could with pro
 priety devise.
 "Mr. Calcraft, the hangman, (of
 whom I have some information in ref
 erence to this last occasion,) should be
 restrained in his unseemly briskness,
 in his jokes, his oaths, and his brandy.
 To attend the execution, I would
 summon a jury of twenty-four, to be
 called the witness jury, eight to be
 summoned on a low qualification, eight
 on a higher, and eight on a higher still;
 so that it might fairly represent all
 classes of society. There should be
 present, likewise, the governor of the
 jail, the chaplain, the surgeon, and
 other officers, the sheriff of toe county
 or city, and two inspectors of prisons.
 All these should sign a grave and
 solemn form of certificate (tod same in
 every case) that on such a day., at such
 an hour, in such a jaU, for such a
 crime, such a murderer was banged in
 their sight. There should be another
 certificate from the officers of the
 prison that the person hanged was that
 person, and no other; a third, that
 that person was buried. These should
 be posted on the prison gate for twen
 ty-one days, printed in the Gazette,
 and exhibited in other public places;
 and during the hour of the body hang
 iog, I would have tbe belts of all the
 churches in that town or city totted, and
 all the shops shut up. that all might be
 reminded of what was being dene."
 passengers. ,Un fs. f w*: a
