hold to grow pumpkins for him, except 01
 terms that are fair to Bn tian; that is, “not j
 pumpkin, Quashee, not a square yard of soi
 till you agree to do the state so many days oi
 service.” In this strain “the profound Car
 lyle,”as be is styled, raves on. To reply ti
 him would be simply to re-open the question!
 which the common sense and common con'
 science of mankind have lone ago settled
 That the slaveholders of the United States,
 Brazil, and the Spanish colonies, will a ware
 him an ovation, there can be no doubt, bui
 that the sensible portions ot mankind will si
 tach any importcnce to his oracular utter
 ances” we can ot for a moment to believe.
 So far aa the emancipated classes in th&lt;
 Biiish colonies are implicated m this Dis
 course,” we beg ty say that Mr. Carlyle’*
 delineation &lt;&gt;f them ia perfectly untrue; anr
 we shall be much surprised if he do not fin&lt;
 more than his match in some of the black
 Quashees, of whom he affects to speak will,
 such lordly disdain. The negroes in thi
 British colonies are free no» will they evei
 be re-enslaved, Mr. Carlyle and the Wes'
 India body—that part of them, at least,whon
 he so perfectly represents—to the conlrar)
 notwithstanding. They will cultivate sugar,
 or coffee, qr pumpkins, as it may please them,
 for masters or for themselves, as they may
 choose, but they will be no longer coerced ti
 do either. A sounder philosophy than thai
 inculcated hy Mr. Catlyle will be found in iht
 opinion expressed by Sir Charles Grey, the
 present Governor of Jamaica, whu says, in
 one of hit latest despatches, the negroe*
 appear to me to be generally as free from re
 bellious tendency, turbulent feelings, anti
 malicious thoughts, as any race of laboiers 1
 ever saw or heard of. My impression is
 indeed, that under m system of perfectly fan
 dealing, and of real justice, they will comen
 be ao admirable peasantry and yeomanry
 able-bodied, industrious, and hard-working
 frauk, and well-disposed.” Hitherto, they
 have not had justice done to them; they havt
 not been fairly dealt with; yet, amidst alt th*
 difficulties ot their position, they have ad
 vanced and had not they met with the se
 vere check imposed upon them, as well a*
 their employers, by the Sugar Act of 1846.
 they would have made greater advances still.
 Surrender ot Fugitive Slaves.
 The readers of the North Star have al
 ready seen the Bill introduced into the
 United States Senate, by Mr. Mason, of Vir
 ginia, providing for the recapture of fugitiv&lt;
 slaves. The subject was again brought up
 before that body on the 28th ult., and furlhei
 considered. We give, below, a few extracts
 from the speech of Mr. Mason, together with
 the amendment offered by Mr. Setvard, ol
 this State. On the presentation of thi*
 amendment, Hangman Foote got the floor,
 and be s pane rod Mr. Seward all over with hit
 wordy indignation and contempt. Mr. Sew
 ard look no notice of his windy assailant—
 altogether the best course with such an op
 ponent.—f. n.
 Here are the extracts from Mr. Mason’*
 speech
 What are the provisions of the fundamen
 tal law? Ir&lt; the fuuith article of the Consti-'
 tiou there are two clauses providing for tin
 extradition of certain classes of persons es
 caping from one Slate to another—clause*
 that lie in juxtaposition, conceived at th&lt;
 same time, and written upon the same page,
 and each of them —I submit not only to
 Senators, but to the world—each of them
 plain, distinct, unequivocal in its import, and
 the ends designed to be attained. Now, sir.
 even should t succeed, though in a plain and
 humble manner, to direct the attention of th&lt;
 country to the existing state of things n
 relation to these clauses of the Constitution,
 and not startle these people into rebellion
 against the Government of their own Stales,
 this law, if passed, will remain, I am afraid,
 a dead letter npoe your statute-book, as th«
 present law is. It is provided in the fourth
 article of the Constitution as fellows:
 A person charged in any State, with
 treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee
 from justice, and be found in another State,
 shall, on demand of the executive authority
 of ihe State from which he fled, be delivered
 un, to be removed to the State having juris
 dicton of the crime.”
 This is the first clause of extradition—a
 clause operating in all the States—made foi
 benefit of all the States, and each of the
 Stites is alike interested in having it exe
 cited.
 Wnat is the other clause?
 No person held to service or labor in one
 State, under the laws thereof, escaping to
 another, shall, in consequence of any law oi
 regulation therein, be discharged from such
 service or labor, bet shall be delivered up on
 the I'laim of the party to whom such service
 or labor may be due.”
 Clauses, sir, having a kindred purpose—
 the one designed to effect the surrender ot
 lugilives from justice, the other designed to
 effect the surrender of fugitives from labor—
 each clause imperative upon the Governmem
 framed under that Constitution, and upon th*
 States who are parties to it. But this latter
 clause, Mr. PresiJent, which provides for the
 extradition of fugitives from labor, is a clause
 that accrues to the benefit of some of the
 States, and not to all. It accrues to ihe ben
 efit of those who unhappily are now in the
 minority—a minority, not in the number ot
 Slates, but a minority in the number of the
 people. The slaveholding States, air, are
 alone interested in the faithful and proper ex
 ecution of this second clause for extradition;
 and we are to look to the majority to execute
 that law, against which their people havi
 been for more than a quarter of a century in
 revolt—ay, sir, in revolt. I think lam war
 ranted, then, in the apprehension expiessed,
 that no law which can lie passed by the Con
 gress of the United Slates w ill sfford the
 remedy which this law is intended to supply,
 unless it is sustained and supported by iht
 people to whom it is addressed.
 Sir, let me present another view of this
 question. The clause which I have read,
 was intended —upon the faith and honor of all
 the States—to secute to the owners of these
 fugitives from labor, the surrender of auch
 fugitives, when they escaped into othei
 Stales. This is not the only law of the
 Consulution bearing upon slave properly
 Far from it. These very Stales, now non
 slavehuldiug States, when they became par
 tial to that compact, not only with their eyes
 open and their interests awakened, conceded
 to the slaveholding States important privi
 leges and advantages, but for which they de
 rived ample equivalents. These veiy people
 who are now so sensitive to freedom—whose
 unwilling ears will not bear the name of slave
 —these very people negotiated upon the basil
 of stave property, and received ample consi
 deration for the privileges we now vainly in
 voke. Why, sir, they yielded to the South
 ern States a repiesentaiion based upon tbit
 property. They did more, sir; they agreed
 by this compact, to withdraw from the con
 trol of Congress altogether, for twenty years,
 the right to prohibit the introduction of slaves
 from abroad; and they went further, anti
 bound themselves, under the solemn stipula
 tions of the instrument, that when slaves es
 caped from ooe State to another, they should
 be delivered up, and for this and every con
 cession they received most ample equivalents.
 They received that equivalent alluded to bj
 the Senator who sits before me. the Senatoi
 from South Carolina, [Mr. BtiTLta.J the
 substitution of an ordinary majority for a
 majority of two thirds, in all laws affecting
 commerce and navigation; and many of then
 received still mere extraordinary equivalent!
 ia a concession to all the States, whatevei
 their aise may be, of en equality of repre
 sentation in this body. Ooe of the greatest
 difficulties that stood in the way of those whe
 framed tbit instrument, was the demand upor
 the part of the eastern States, or many ol
them at least, for an equality of representa
 tion in the Senate; and not only was lhi&lt;
 equality conceded, but the further securitj
 was given, that such equality should not Im
 destroyed by any future amendment to lh&lt;
 Constitution, without the consent of the State
 to be affected by it.
 He again sets forth the rights of slave
 holders, aa follows:
 Now, Mr President, what are the right;
 secured by the Constitution to the ipastei
 whose slave escapes from his service into an
 other State Desiring, sir, to •be very sc
 curate upon this subject, I have written dowi
 what I understand to be the right of the
 owner in the recapture of a fugitive slave
 within the limits of any and every State ui
 ihe Union.
 Mr. M. here read from a paper as follows
 The Constitution of the United Stale*
 secures to the master the same right of pr«*-
 perty in his slave, and to be enjoyed and ex
 ercised to the saim extent, and with the same
 incidents, when thj slave escapes to another
 State, which he held in the State from which
 he fled, so fat as recapture is concerned.
 He may take him wherever he is found, by
 virtue of ownership, and without any war
 rant or other process in law.
 None has a right to interpose between thr
 claimant and the fugitive, or to inquire whe
 the slave be his, or whether he is a slave at
 all, far less to molest or hinder him in the
 capture.
 He may enter peaceablv any enclosure or
 dwelling where such slave may be found, tor
 the purpose of taking him, and this witheut
 committing a trespass..
 He raav use whatever force may be neces
 sary to eff ct the capture, without committing
 'hereby a breach of the peace; and if forct
 ‘&gt;e offered by the slave or others, he mat
 iesist it to any extent that may be necessity
 to secure the possession of his property.
 These rights and this authority are incident
 to the rights of property; attd the law of tltr
 Constitution secures the owner in the exer
 cise of them against any hostile law of the
 State to which the slave may flee, should
 such law be.
 The Constitution does not confer these
 rights; they are antecedent to the Constitu
 tion, and arise as incidents to property undet
 ihe laws of the Slate whence the slave es
 capes. They have their sanction in the law
 i»f the domicil.
 The Constitution, however, as the supreme
 l&amp;w, recognizes thss right of property, and
 i-arrtes its obligation and its incidents, for all
 ihe purposes of reclamation, into every State
 in the Union, and makes the law of the
 lomicil, quo ad hoc the law of every State
 in th*e Union.
 Mr. Seward gave notice that he would, at
 ihe propei time, move the following amend
 ment to the bill, viz: strike out all after the
 enacting clause, and insert the following:
 When any person who shall have been sui
 ted arrested as a fugitive from labor, under or
 try virtue of the act af Congress entitled “An
 net respecting fugitives from justice and per
 sons escaping from the service of their mas
 ters,” passed February 12th, 1793, shall Ibe
 brought or come botore any judge or magi s
 nate named or described in said act, the per
 son at rested or seized tnay deny that he owes
 such service or lalior as ts alleged, or that ihe
 has escaped from such service or labor, itshtill
 lie the duty of such judge or magistrate
 whereupon to appoint a tune and place tolrv
 the issue thus joined; and adjournments slmil
 lie granted ftuin time to time, as shall be
 found to be necessary for the furtherance cl
 a just decision upon the fact; and the person
 so arrested may give bail or security, to be
 approved bv said judge or magistrate, for his
 appearance at such adjournment, if it shall
 he granted on his application; and the clai
 mants shall give security to the person so ar
 rested or seized, for the payment of damages
 and costs, tf the claim shall be adjudged void;
 such security shall be approved in like man
 ner as aforesaid
 And the issue thus joined shall be tried be
 fore a jury of twelve persons duly qualified to
 serve as jurors for the district, free from all
 challenges or just exceptions, to bo. summon
 ed by the marshal of the district by virtue of
 a ven re, to be issued by such judge or mag
 istrate; and exceptions may be taken by ei
 ther party on such tria', and judgement slptll
 be rendered for or against the claimant accor
 ding as the verdict shall be.
 The Judgement may be brought before the
 district Court ol the United Staua for the dis
 trict for revision by a writ of certiorari, to lie
 issued out of the said court on security appro
 ved by the district judge of the said district,
 and such district court may affirm such judge
 ment or reverse it with a veniri de novo and
 in that case may proceed to try the said issue
 and to render judgement according to the ver
 dict to be rendered by the jury empanelled in
 that court.
 Sec;. 2. Be it enacted by the authority
 aforesaid, That any person arrested or seized
 as a fugitive from labor or service, shall be
 entitled to a writ of habeas corpus, to be is
 sued by the judge of the district court of any
 associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
 United States, as a writ ol right; and on be
 ing brought before any judge by virtue of said
 wiit, it shall be the duty of such judge
 to proceed to a trial of the claiin by ju
 ry in the manner before mentioned, if no tri
 al has been had, and to discharge him from
 such arrest, if such trial by jury ha* been had
 and the claim has not been sustained before
 the jury or the court which has cugtuzance of
 the same.
 And it shall be the duty of the marshal or
 any other person having custody of any per
 son sc arrested, to allow him ail necessary and
 convenient time to employ counsel and sue out
 such writ of habeas corpus.
 Sec. 3. Any judge or magistrate who shall
 disallow such a writ of habeas corpus, shall
 forfeit to the person claiming it, five thousand
 dollars, and shall also forfeit his office; and
 any marshal who shall unreasonably hinder
 or prevent such person Irum sueing out or
 setvtng such writ ol habeas corpus, shall, in
 like manner, forfeit five thousand dollars, and
 forfeit his office.
 Sec. 4. Jurors and marshals shall be enti
 tled to have the same fees lor services to be
 rendered under this act as they are entitled tu
 receive for such services as jurors and mar
 shals.in the Circuit Court of the U. States, tc
 be paid by the claimant if his claim prevail,
 and by the United States if his claim shall not
 be sustained.
 Sec. 4. The penalty of any bond to bt
 given by a claimant shall not be less than on&lt;
 thousand dollars; the securities thereof shal
 be residents of the district in which the pro
 ceedings shall be instituted, and shall justify
 their ability to-perform the said bond.
 Hie amendment having been read, Mr. S
 moved that it be printed.
 Disgrncefnl Scene in the Legislature oi
 New Yoik.
 Application having been made, to tha
 body, for the use of the Hall of Represents
 lives, for a Lecture on Slavery, by our elo
 quent friend, C. C. Burleigh, Mr. Mun
 roe, (from what part of the State we know
 not,) embraced the opportunity afforded bj
 the occasion, of making a ridiculous, low
 scurrilous attack upon the patties who madi
 the application. We quote a specimen o
 these proceedings to show, that even among
 “honorable men,” there may, sometimes,
 creep a creature so low and vulgar as to dis
 grace a company of rowdies.
 Mr, Flaw begged leave to aak the gentle
 matt bow letting Mtaa Mott come in here,
 would have the effect to dissolve the Union 1
 [laughter.]
 Mr. Momsoi 1 am glad, Mr. Speaker, t&lt;
 see things taking a playful turn here, and 1
 thank my friend from King* for bit contribu
 tion to a result which without his aid, J, per
 bape, alone, could not bate achieved, i, air,
 want to run due dung into Urn ground, ajtf
break it off, air. Yea, air, break it off. Now,
 aa to Mias Mott, air—of whbm I know noth
 ing—since hei name has been mentioned bj
 my friend from King*—l msy be permitted
 to reply, that whether her coming in her*
 with a colored man would dissolve the Union,
 has nothing to do with the point 1 am driving
 at; but that if it had—l sa» it without mean
 ing any offence—it might lead to that onion
 —with which I hive nothing to do. [Roars
 of laughter, which the Speaker could with
 difficuly repress.] Sir, let me tell gentlemen,
 in perfect seriousness and candor, that I have
 a deep and abiding conviction, derived from
 letters addressed to me fiom various quartets,
 and from my own knowledge of the effects ui
 this slavery agitation, that the cnutse we are
 pursuing in that direction, we shall all of ua
 find reason, when per ha pa it shall be too late
 to regret. I do not believe air, that there ia
 anv want ot patriotism here, but 1 do believe,
 that there is a want of a proper appreciation
 and conviction of existing and impending
 danger. And I do hope, air, that we shall
 not have Mias Mott, and-; —what ia the other
 man's name? (asked Mr. M. of the gentle
 men about him, under a burst ol laughter at
 the phrase “other man”) —Tom, iatt? (he
 continued.) 1 hope, sir, we shall not have
 Miss Mott, and Tom, Dick and Hairy com
 i mg on this floor, kindle up aoew the flame ol
 abolitionism. This individual who writes to
 ,the Speaker, I understand, is a colored man.
 Am 1 prepared to say that he will not m thie
 hall, with himself as chairman and Mias Molt
 aa secretary, re-echo sentiments on this slave
 ry question akin to those ot certain gentlemen
 here—but not, thank God, to me.
 The Speaker here asked to be allowed to
 state the application. The chair understood
 Mr. Burleigh to be a gentleman who had lec
 tured extensively on slavery, and on the
 subject of peace.— [A voice “on what l On
 the subject of peace. He was expected here
 to-morrow, and the church where he was ex
 pected to lecture being engaged, the use ol
 this ball w&amp;a asked for that Mr. Burleiuli
 might lecture on slavery. If it was the
 wish of the citizeus of Aibany to hear a lec
 ture on peace also, they would piobably be
 gratified.
 Mr. Monroe. Sir, I am very glad to hear
 that he ptoposes to lecture on peace. Slave
 ry, I propose to lecture on myself. [Ligh
 ter.] Sir, I should be veiy glad to have the
 gentleman from Orleans (Mr. Burroughs)
 go in and hear that lecture on peace. [Laugh
 ter.]. He told us the other day, on this floor,
 that if the question ever came to be one ol
 slavery or peace, he desired no peace. I hope,
 sir, lie will go in and listen to the lecture on
 that subject.
 Mr. Burroughs interposed. The gentle
 man did notcorrectly state Ins language.
 Mr. Monroe I shall not misrepresent the
 gentleman. 1 took down his words, but my
 notes are not here. The gentleman may rely
 upon it that I shall give him an early oppor
 tunity to withdraw them.
 Mr. Burroughs did not withdraw one
 wotd.
 The .Speaker called to order.
 Mr. Monroe had no doubt he was out of
 order, for he was speaking on behalf of the
 Union.
 The Speaker The question is on granting
 the use ot the hall.
 Mr. Monroe I understood the Speaker
 to say that the lecture was to be on the sub
 ject of slavery or peace and I was stating
 that on the subject of slavery 1 propose to
 lecture myself.
 Mr. L. YV. Smith moved that the use of
 the hall be granted to the gentleman to deliver
 a lecture on slavery. [Laughter
 Mr. Monroe The gentleman need not
 trouble himself; I am obliged to him, but my
 constituents have made it entirely unnecessa
 ry.—My constituents have given me a seat
 here. M&gt; constituents, who have an abiding
 attachment to the constitution, and who are
 in favor of the Union—ihey sent me here. 1
 have a right speak without any special
 permission. I have only to say that 1 have
 confined mysell to the resolution as far as
 possible. I hope me use of this hall will not
 be granted, except for purposes connected
 with legislation, in which all of ua take an
 interest. I am opposed to granting the use ol
 this hall for all purposes, and esperially for
 the purpose of allowing Mu&gt;s Mott and my
 friend’s friend to lorrn a union here. [Laugh
 ter
 Mr, L. W. Smith said that such applica
 tions were not unusual. A few days since
 the use of the hall was granted to an agent of
 1 the Colonization Society; last year to a color
 ed lecturer on Slavery. This hall was the
 property of the people, and the spirit of our
 institutions favored the dissemination of light
 and truth. The gentleman was mistaken if
 he supposed he could change this practice. It
 j seemed to be the drill of the gentleman from
 New York to alarm the house with a dread of
 the action of the South, and seemed to have
 seized the occasion of this simple motion to
 grant the use of the hall to an individual ot
 whom he knew nothing. He ho|&gt;ed leave
 would be granted. The precedent haa been
 established, and it was now too late to dta
 i criminate.
 j
 Wo give the following extract from a
 letter of our esteemed friend, Gerrit Smith,
 published in the Liberly Party Paper. It
 respects the recent General Anti-Slavery
 Convention at Syracuse. We insert it with
 much pleasure as an act of justice to him,
 in view of our strictures on his course in
 that Convention
 Thu morning of the second day, 1 brought
 a chatge against Mr. Foster. He convinced
 me, that it was false. I expressed my re-
 I gretat having brought it, and fullv rettacied
 it. 1 have no doubt that Mr. *\&gt;ster was
 right—although the President and every one
 ot the many, with whom 1 spoke on the sub
 ject, had understood him, as 1 had. But we
 were mistaken. Mr. Foster, whom 1 believe
 to be a man of truth, knew his own wotds,
 and their intended meaning better than we
 did.
 The evening of the second day, 1 offered
 two resolutions—feeling just aa liee to offer
 them as it I had been in a Liberty Paity Con
 vention. At that lime, I neither asked, nor
 as my noble brother Douglass, has it, “de
 manded,” the vote of either the Convention
 or the assembly upon them. I confess, how
 ever, that, immediately after I had com*
 down from the desk to my* seat, I did join in
 the call of many voices for the vo e of the
 Assembly. 1 confess, too, that 1 knew, that
 the enrolled members alone had the right n
 vote. But, the great assembly evinced mud
 eagerness to vote. W hy should it not b«
 gra-ified? I confess, moreover, (hat I war
 curious lo know, how that large company ol
 Whigs and Democrats, (be. &lt;sJc., viewed
 my resolutions. 1, over, and oved again, sairi
 that, the vote of the Assembly would not be
 the vote of the Convention; and that the
 Convention would be, to no extent, responsi
 ble lor it. That this vote can he defended by
 paliamentary or other rules, is not to be claim
 ed. It waa an irregular proceeding and, i!
 at all blameworthy, 1 do not disown my shut
 of tbs blame.
 The morning of the third day, Mr. Pills
 bury made a speech. I was charmed will
 ita beauty and vigor. There waa, however
 a passage in it, which was exceedingly offeu
 sive to'Liberty Party men. 1 rose, and pro
 tested against tt. Instead, however, of re
 uacting it, he said to me “If the cap fin
 you, you can wear it.” I should not hav*
 risen, but that I supposed Mr. Ptllsburv in
 tended to abuse and insult us Liberty ratty
 men. 1 have, since, been assured by Mr,
 May, and Mr. Burleigh, that he intended im
 such thing; and that tie was only expressing,
 iu strong and figurative language, bis cunvtc
 tme, Ural the American .finii-Slaverv Sudan
 •s right, and the Libeny Part) is vrotig. 1
 w ish, with all my heart, that M r Frllsbery
 had condescended to malfi this txplaasiKto
 hiopeif. But, I will #oi wait tor h»**
 so. will a«oept tb* -w»
 of ht- w»ptanat»on at the lim
 •mode, (they were my friends also,)
and express ray regret at having taken offence
 at his unfortunate rhetoric. I cannot afford
 10 do wrong to any one—and, certainly, not
 to one, whom I believe to be so devoted a
 friend of the slave.
 One of our pleasant recollections of the
 late Convention is, that not one word was
 said in it to irapogn the raotivee of any friend
 of the American Anti-Slavery Society—-not
 one word to call in question his sincere devo
 tion to the cause uf the slave. Another such
 recollection is, thai, with so few exceptions,
 all was kind and agreeable on the part of the
 friend* of that Society. Who could ever tire
 in the cause of moral reform, weie all his co
 workers such men—efepaticaily such gentle
 men—as S. J. May, C. C. Burleigh, Fred
 erick Douglass, and Joseph C. Hathaway,
 Respectfully yours,
 GERRIT SMITH.
 Anti-Slavery. The Massachusetts Anti-
 Slavery Society commenced its usual yearly
 sessi-.n Wednesday, in Faneuil Hall, Fran
 cis Jaokson presiding. The Boston Courief
 referring to the report of the Treasurer, aaya
 that the receipts of the Society for the past
 year have been $6189, including $3394, from
 ihe late Bazaar. The disbursements were
 $5944, and the balance on hand was $243.
 The annual report of the Board of Mana
 gers was read by Mr. Eimuud Quincy. It
 is a long document, ai d goes at length into
 all the subjects usually diacussed.
 The pioceedings of Congress are first ta
 ken in hand. The inauguration of President
 Taylor is termed the induction of the slave
 power into the seat of Government. In te
 gard to the present alaveholding Speaker of
 the House, the report says—•“ It is a cuiioua
 instructive fact that, in the composition of
 C. mmitteea, Mr. Cobb has given more weight
 to the anti-slavery element of the House than
 was done by his Northern piedecessor."
 The Free Soilets a;e alluded to, and their
 earlv dissolution predicted; ihe political unions
 i i Massachusetts and New York are spoken
 of as fruitless in their results; and the Free
 Democracy is severely rapped for allowing
 the defeat of Mi. Palfrey, who, the report
 says, is the righiful head of the political par
 ty opposed to slavery. The fact is stated
 that for eleven years an escaped slave has not
 been recaptured in Massachusetts, and this is
 attributed to the anti-slavery agitation.
 Fugitive Slaves. —Our readers will re
 member the last great contest over a man
 claimed as a fugitive from slavery, before
 Judge Edmunds of this cay. The slave was
 arrested by a Mr. Lee, (rum Maryland, with
 out piecept, and gagged and chained, and
 would have been taken out of the Stale, had
 not Mr. Lee been stopped by the arm of our
 State law. The slave, so called, wan brought
 before his honor, Judge Edmonds, on habeas
 corpus, and discharged on the ground that
 Mr. Lee could not prove that Maryland was a
 slaveholding State. He. proved that he had
 held him as a slave, but failed to prove that
 such holding was authorized -by the law of
 Maryland. It appears from the following
 that the Slate is taking up the case:
 Important Movement. A resolution
 passed the House ot Delegates yesterday, au
 thorizing the Attorney General of Maryland
 to test before the Supreme Court, if necessary
 the [lower of a magistrate ol New-York City
 in discharge from custody a fugitive slave.
 The case in point is that of Mr. Lee. of Fred
 erick. who some time since arrested his run
 away slave in New-York, but he was subse
 questly discharged by one in the Magistrates,
 and allowed to escape. The hill also pro
 vides for paying Mr. Lee the expenses incur
 red »»f iiis unsuccessful effort to regain posses
 sion of the rnn-away Balt. Sun.
 The Anglo Saxon Race.— Elihu Burritt
 lias one of his telling articles in ihe last num
 ber ol the Christian Citizen. He says that
 the Anglo-S/xoo race numbers 60,000,000 of
 human beings, planted upon all the islands
 and continents of ihe eadh, and increasing
 everywhere by an intense ratio of progres
 sion. He estimates, if no great physical rev
 olution supervenes to check its propagation,
 that in less than 150 years it will number
 800,000,000 of souls, all shaking the same
 language, centered to the same literature and
 religion, and exhibiting all its inheient and
 inal enable characteristics. The population
 of the earth is fast becoming Anglo-Saxonized
 by blood; but the language is more self-ex
 pansive and aggressive than the blood of that
 race. He concludes with the following glo
 riou* vision
 Thus the race, by its wonderful self
 'expansive power of language and blood, is
 ifust occupying, and subduing to its genius, all
 the continents and islands of the earth. The
 grandson of many a young man who r“*de
 these lines, will probably live to see the day
 when that race wilj number 800,000.000 ol
 I human beings. Perhaps they may comprise
 a hundred nations or distinct governments
 Perhaps they may become a grand constella
 lation and commonwealth of Republics, per
 vaded bv*the same laws, literature and reli
 gion. Their unity, harmony and brotherhood
 must be determined by the relations between
 Great Britain and the United States. Theii
 union will be the union of the iwu worlds.—
 If they discharge their duty to each other and
 to mankind, they must become the united
 heart of the race they represent, feeding its
 myriad veins with the blood of moral and po
 litical life. Upon the slate of their fellow
 ship, then, more than upon the union of any
 two nations on earth, depends the well being
 of humanity, the peace and progress of the
 world.”
 Political Trials.
 No men labor hurder for a smooth path, or
 make mure concessions of principle* or aacn
 fives of leeling for popularity, and none have
 a tougher way, or mure frequent rebuffs, than
 politicians. If this game in Solomon's time
 was as perplexing as now, he might well
 pronounce lile all vanity and vexation ol
 spirit,” a text which we doubt not has been
 related more sincerely than many snot: er
 Scripture sentiment. A travelling rorit
 spondent of the New York Evening Post,
 (probably Biyant, the idio,) writing from
 Wilmington, N. C., alludes as follows io the
 trials of the poor Southern Whigs under their
 misfortune of victoiy.
 I iiave lost no opportunity of listening to
 the taik of Southerners on the subject of sis*
 very, in the cars, stages and steamboats.—
 The Southern Whigs are in a sad quandary
 about it. The Democrats are pressing then,
 hard, taking the lead in the agitation, and io
 r&gt; spudding to the Calhoun Address white
 the Taylor men do not know what stand it
 may eventually become necessary lor ihem
 to take. This Iras, you know, all along been
 the principal uae lor which Southern politi
 cians have plied the slavery question—to
 electioneer st home, each party claiming to
 he the real Simonpure of pro-Slaveiy, and
 seeking to fasten upon the oiher the charac
 ter uf affinity aid association with the Anti
 Slavery patties at the North. The Demo
 crats now hs*.» theii opponents on the hip.
 Being in opposition, they have the fall
 swing, ami can fool it to the top ot their
 bent.” in the game of political pok&lt; r, tbey
 now holt, the cards, and are bragging high
 nothing, indeed, short of Dissolution of the
 Union, if the Proviso ptevsils. The
 *re unwi bug to appear behind-hand in seal
 and couisge, yet dare not, if they woulds
 come up to the scratch on this issue, in view
 of the poaaibih y thel the events of next
 winter may At we them into the position uf
 ihesupportetsof Taylor, the Uuion, Proviso
 and til! Meanwhile, they are on the anx
 ious sesi, and sre twisting about veiy un
 »n»fi*ft«b!y tbsre. Nor have 1 the Ipase
 tppxehensMm ‘bat the hudjf pf the Demon at(
 push the agnation much beyond the
 nainly unfit A «mch it if
 Dtaso* I*** 1 *ui be in earnest for
 VT..-«o f but the Union was never in 1«m
 j danger.
fall justification of hi* abandonment by the
 Sooth. It i* regarded aa an act corres|&gt;ond
 ing, on hit part, to Vdh Baton's response to
 the Free Soil norainstiwti, being supposed to
 be prompted by a spirit of resentment against
 the South. Still, iam satiafied, from what I
 have seen and heard, that ao inconsiderable
 number of hit Southern friends eltug to Clay,
 whether ot no. .The day is out distant whan
 these respective acts will be precisely thoeu
 which glory will choose to record on the
 tombs of the two noble and illustrious patriots
 above named.”
 Truckling to thk slave power. —Not
 long since, lbe Columbia (S. C.) Telegraph
 denounced Godey’a Lady’s Book because
 one of its editors, Giace Greeuweod was a
 contributor to the National Era. Mr. Godev
 waa very prompt 10 send a conciliatory letter
 to the South Carolinian editors, in which he
 aavs, 1 have been publishing the Lady's
 Book for twenty years, and tf tn that time one
 line can be found aspersing in any way South
 ern institutions, 1 am willing to fail under
 your censure.'* He coucludes by assuring
 the Southern gentlemen that Grace Green
 wood's name is withdrawn from the cover,
 where it wan placed iiominaily as editor, she
 never having had the least control over the
 columns As if to color hia dastardly con
 duct morn deeply, he declares that Sartain’a
 Magaaine, (a rival work,) it liable to the
 censure, and encloses two aniclea from that
 work iu order to prove the charge of guilti
 ness.
 In allusion to this affair, the Christian In
 quirer well says, We do not know what
 sort of books ladies choose to read’ but we
 ate sure no Northern womcm, no Yankee girl,
 no wife, or daughter, or mother, wilh tree
 blood in her veins, will consent to receive into
 her house a Magaaine which is so faithless to
 all honorable ideas, in its course as this’”
 Mr. Godey has chosen his market; let him
 peddle hia wares there to his heart’s content.
 As tor the South, that will despise his course
 no less than the North. The South may love
 the treason, but it feels only contempt for the
 trailer. The Northern man, who, for the
 sake of a few Southern dollars, beltays Nor
 thern principles, is as sure of receiving the
 spaniel’s reward aa he is of deserving it.”
 As to character, Mr. Godey’sia evidently
 composed of such elements as have distin
 guished certain Northern politicians at Wash
 ington, who have long been in the market,
 and in regard to whom Southern purchasers
 have their price current as definitely ar
 ranged as they have in regatd to colored
 slaves.
 Educate your Daughters. —When living
 among the Choctaw Indians. I held a con
 sultation with one of their principal chiefs
 respecting the successive stage of their pro
 gress in the arts and virtues of civilized hie;
 and, among other tilings, he iuformed me si
 their first start they fell into a great mistake
 —they only sent tlietr boys to schooal. They
 became intelligent men, but they married un
 educated and uncivilized wives and the uni
 form result was, that the children were all
 like the mother; and soon the laiher lust his
 interest in both wife and children. ‘Ai.d
 now,’ said he, ‘if we could educate only one
 class of our children, we would choose ihe
 gills; lor when they become mothers, they
 would educate tlietr sons,’ This is to the
 point, and it is true. No nation can become
 lolly and permanently civilized and enlighten
 ed when the mothers are not, to a good de
 gree, qualified to discharge the duties ol
 ‘the home work of education.’— Rev. S. Dyer.
 Genius —He is not the greatest man.
 who, with a giant intellect, slailles the mul
 titude as w ith sudden thunder. The expres
 sion left behind is not agreeable and lasung.
 He who would stir up the soul, must have a
 calm and sympathizing heart. It is this which
 vibrates the human heart, leaps in ihe warm
 pulses, and urges us to deeds of mercy. The
 man whose liesri is moved by pure benevo
 lence, breathes thoughts that will never die.
 Like the silent dews, they de-cend in ihe
 bosom, tocheet, to bless, and to save. The
 bteath of true life is thus fell in the heart.
 Such a writer blends genius with humanity,
 and is destined to sway the multitude, and
 urge them on to deeds of mercy aud unending
 ulorv. i
Receipts
 For Out North Star, /or tkt Wttk ending
 February 6, IB6o*
 A W Turner f 2,00
 Win L Willson 1,00
 Marshall Pierce 2,00
 Julius Bi,by 2,10
 Char'es Herd I/O
 Win R Hallowed 2,00
 Daniel Gatens 2,00
 Hugh For men 2,00
 Rufus E Fillmore 2,00
 Peter Letter 2,00
 Robert B Forten 2,00
 Jolin William* 1,00
 Joobirn Johnson 1,00
 James Johnton 1,00
 Elisa Young 1,10
 Dr. J H Blanchard 2,00
 Silas Barrett 2,00
 William Caird, Glasgow 2/8
 Andrew Patou, ditto 2,40
 Elita Wigham, Edinburgh 2,04
 Miss Grant, ditto 4,08
 CAUTION TO DRUGGISTS AND THE
 PUBLIC.
 The unparalleled and astonishing efficacy of Dr.
 Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cnerry, in all the Dis
 eases for which it is recommended —curing many
 cates after the skill of the best physicians was un
 availing—has effected a large and increasing de
 mand for it. This fact has caused unprincipled
 counterfeiters and imitators to palm on spuriou.-
 inixtures, of similar on me and appearance, for the
 genuine Italsam
 Be not deceived by Impostors. The public
 should be careiul to get the Genuine Article, at the
 imitations and counterfeits being got up by those
 know nothing of medicine, or of the diseases of the
 human system, are entirely unsafe uud dangerous.
 From the Columbus (Ga.) Enquirer, Feb. 8, 1848.
 WISTAR'S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY.
 We have an utter abhorrence for all kinds of
 puffs, and especially such as are calculated to mis
 lead the public as to the curative virtues of patent
 medicines There are, doubtless, many* catchpenny
 nospams, daily vended and lioutjy used, which are
 not only of no value, hut absolutely deletei urns to
 the physical umn Theta ate other balsams, ex
 tracts, it c, not embiaced p&lt;rad venture, in the
 pharmaceutic arrungewedt* of the apothecary- or
 regular physician, that are in certain coses, of more
 va'ue than all the prescriptions of Galen put to
 getlier. W istar’s Balsam of W ild Cherry is ad
 mitted by the concurrent testimony of those who
 have proved its virtues to he of the latter class.
 In colds and consumptions, asthma an t chronic
 coughs as well as in any other kmdipd diseases
 it has been used with almost universal success. In
 a climate so changeable as this, superinducing and
 aggmvaing tlie family of diseases above al uded to
 this medecine lias a value not to be estimated.
 None genuine unless signed BU ITiJ on the
 w rappel.
 For sale fay Post it Willis; also by Wit*
 PITKtR.
 THEY WONT FOOL YOU IF YOU DONT
 PURCHASE. THEjR TRASH.
 Since Sjoaa’s Ointment, Condition Powders,
 and Tania Pasta have earned a great repuUiisn
 and sell readily several persons in afferent parts ot
 of he country, have commenced imitating them by
 manufacturing spurious articles. At first they wil
 reootnend their nrei&gt;arntii&gt;ns as superior to Sloan’*
 and when they find that Pill won’t gu down, tbe\
 will tall another falsehood by raying that then
 Ointment, Condition Powders aad t gniun Fairtr
 are made from Sloan’s recipes, aad that they sell a
 larger quantity Iqr b*e money.
 Stmra of wotdd be considered honcrabk
 geiiiteeran tides. Notwithstanding
 P"M *pmuaded any other■ a»«l*
 urn promise that it is just ufkiti
 Hold fast to diet which has ptew; pe gooti, and
 by so doing, the Rascals won't iool you with thei&gt;
 Humbugs, nor injme the lepotutioii of Sloun’v
 preparations.
 M&gt; See Agents’ nemes at the head of Sloan’s
 Column. For farther particulars aad testimonials,
 get pamphlets of agents.
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, and Confidential Letter Write-,
 would moat respectfully inform his f&gt; tends and the
 public in general, that he has for their accommoda
 tion, opened his often for Urn keeping of Books,
 casting accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac
 the drawing of Bow's, articles of agreement. Con
 stitutions, In e-lews, reports, communications, «e.
 I te., at No. 169. South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by his strict intention to busicess he hopes
 to secure ibeir patronage, and merit tl-eir confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hour*
 from 9 s.M to 9 r M.
 m Also Agent fiw the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lota in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESI’EC l FULLY INFORM OUR
 friendi* and the public, that one of the fitm lies
 now returned from Europe, wbeie be has been pur
 rhasing, We have receired the LOND»*N AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are rery Iwautiful,
 from which we are rery extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and mont fashionable
 materials in use, such ss Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Tliiliet Cloths, lie.
 I'he designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to ihe LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we foel
 wart anted in ihe aster lion that our prices aie at
 least 25 per cent, less than ihe materia's can be
 purchased elsewhere, and tnadejup in n more supe
 rior man. er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Vise lies at $3,50
 ench.
 Our stock of rich B 1 ick Silks. ’I urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will he sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiting such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 W4MJ3LEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main at., Rochester, and
 14 Cathaiine st., New York. oci26 3m
 Hair-ißttiiiff and Dressing at
 ZD. J. PATTERSON’S Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3 m
 The Old Curosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, gratelul for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends anil the public generally, that lie lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children's. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is bis intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing re|&gt;aired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Doiit foiget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by tiiinself, to lx*
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37£c
 Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that 1 have removetl my
 office trom No. 89 Simtlrs Arcade to iny dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 liankfn! lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with tlieir pit
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of I laving teeth insetted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
 Kail-Uoad Time.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the follow ing time
 Eastward—at 124 a.m#, a.m., 1 p.m. 7|p.m.
 Westward—at 81 a. m., 2 r.M., sj} p.m. 11 r.at
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
 For Sale Cheap,
 I Twenty building lots, in the Ninth
 Y\ ard of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 wa’k from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 i sons wislnng to purchase and improve immediately,
 will be accoinm dated on easy terms. Said I ols
 front «,n Thompson Street and Moreil’s Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neatONE-HOFSF CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or nn interview may he had at inv
 apartments in Weeksville, from 4 to 6 o’cluck P.st.
 every day in the week, Saturdays excepied.
 jan 4- 6w
 Lliliu Burritt’s Newspaper.
 THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. F.lihu Bur
 p ITT, Proprietor; Elihu t crritt, Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Editors; Edmund Fra, Lon
 don, J. B. Syme, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Peru, Foreign Corre-poudent*.
 'l'he SEVENTH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1850. Perms One Dollar and Fifty j
 Cents per annum, invariably in advance Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 I he Citizen is the otgnu of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the great reformatory of the day.
 Sympathising with all the. great enterprises of
 Christian benevolence,it speaks against war in the
 spirit of peace. It speaks for the slave ns a brother
 boundand for the abolition of all institutions and
 j customs which do nut respect the image of God
 j and a human brother, in every wan, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. Alt orders
 should be post paid, and directed to either of the
 Editors, at V\ ORCESTER, MASS.
 jan 4—eaw 4t
 JA dES W.MONDuRMING still continues to
 keep the Groeery on Second Street, corner ot
 Elm, North side Has constantly on hiuid every
 vaiiety of Groceries. ffi,,
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1849.
 BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 HOME FOR UK FORMERS.
 THE subscrilier has removed to tlwt neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house, No. 2| Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome some
 of tlie Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place in Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, &amp;c.,inay meet together, and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Wushiagton street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Conn
 sellor-at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56. Union Street, Boston.
 TOHN WRiGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 O great variety of New and Seeond Hand Clothing
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, Ac, exchanged for new
 clnking. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods.
 NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS,
 JJR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 98, West Broad-
 MRS. PETTIT Would respectfully inform her
 Friends ami the Public, that site hat removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 street, wlime she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 Nnw York, May 11,1849.
 ELLIS a. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and Wee* Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 ernl Assortment of Gentlemen's Fnrnishinf A«Uc,e*,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
 WILLIAM LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionabh
 ifo Bho-a. Pundmm Stmt, Nev
 t **W*B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 inent, and will sell cheap fur cash. Strict attesUo.
 Svfc work, by Messrs. Parker am
 Washington’s Gaiie™, i*
 if Maia Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hertford
 Oesmeeticut,
SLOAN'S COLUMN.
QtJ- Ali the medicines ad vert ised by W.l. Sloan
 are sold hy Poet A Willis, Winslow It Young, Re
 cheater; 8. Knuehaw, Frankfort; A. 8. Bawstwffi
 Co., Lewiston; T. It A. Frye, Brockpoct; Celeb
 Nye. Pittsford; W. Williams, Bufiela; aed by
 m 1 druggist* throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 i QLOAN’S OINTMENT is now unit madly ee
 O know (edged to be an infolliible remedy, in every
 case where it ha# been faithfully apt lied on tlie he
 man system, for promoting lnmrmbW retspiratioe,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, rn
 i lieving pain of every kind, end in its healing
 qua In ie« the world does not produce its eqnsL and
 die (xtblic pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever heen used. All diseases
 of tlie Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Cbil-
 Itkiins, Soie Threat, Burns, Cuts, intaneons
 Eruption, Sore Nippies, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in die face, side, bark, and the
 oilier part* of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of infix monition
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 n B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, st., Chicago, ill.

 DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir: About three years sen
 I was severely injured in one of my left by tin
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 I i uniting ntevr*. Nearly every doctor in Gama
 i tiied to cure diem; but tried in voir, until from
 i sympathy and improper treatment my other leg he
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again—l ait in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Gelena some of yoer
 Ointment, and you can judge of my surprise and
 gratitude better than f can express it, to find my
 at If entirely well before I had finished using the
 I seco.id liox.
 IVese facts 1 make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so rateable aa
 I Ointment as yours Ims proved to be. Respectfully,
 your unrefid friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
 ON IIIS HANDS AND RNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Alliert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from tlie time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has lie been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks, ail
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 the boy pun it on himself as aa experiment of hi*
 j own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 hie feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 now tlie same as though they never had been other*
 wise. Yours, &amp;r.
 ISAAC PADFN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1848.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Str: In my opinion,
 j tlie greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to lie a fart, I have a case in point,
 j to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falla, was
 crippled two years with jive large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Neatly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 rase without any lieneficial effect.
 Last Augu.-l, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 succeeded in reducing tlie swelling and bealed two
 of the sores. The other three I laliored at till the
 i first of February, without much if any benefit, whets
 I gave him a'box of Si.oan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks be was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
 IHE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT 1
 AMO
 CONDITION PQJVDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERSj
 i W. D. Sloan w.
 De»r Siri that I sliould return
 i to you my unfeigned thunk* 'for your UN paral
 lel to Ointment. Tinee weeks iigomy daugh
 ter’s clothes caught lire, ami before Ibe names could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned tlmt death reemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, audiieed with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well ami about her business.—T lie median* is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 j sion.
 I feel indebted to you lor my child’s life, and
 anything tiiat i can do tor you or your medicine, I
 aiu ready and willing to peilorin.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., I
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Punty, Mildness Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughness SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 i And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in turn for the cure oi the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G Its oi all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Foil
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fisiula, Sitf.M,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Greave, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 Tiie I'uwukr will remove all intiamutaUi.u sad
 fever, purify the blood, loosen theskiii, cleanse the
 water, and stiengthen every paitof the body; and
 Ims proved a sovereign remedy for the loUowing
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of tfo Eyes,.
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,,
 (couimomy culled stiff complaint.) which proves so
 la la Ito many valuable horses in this country. It ia
 also a safe ami certain remedy for coughs aad colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W.B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lakest., Chicago, Illinois.
 TO&lt;» MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines Our neighbors, h tends and acquaintances
 who liave used them, tastily tlieir approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with roufi*
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous bare been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to*’ is cured, peimanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. THY THEM and test for yoor
 self tlieir efficacy.— Hi. Organ, May 6th, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat,' Hls.
 May 9,1849.
 “Sloan’s Mtnitinii.’’—A sahocriher writing
 from tire town of New Ba, bn, requests ns to say,
 that lie Iws used Mr. Skwn’s Hmse Ointment in
 several instances during die past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wiabes mto
 recommend it to those who have the use and mm
 of hweei. Mr. Sloan s medicines are highly
 1 spoken of generally, and from tb* firsorableae
 quaintance *e have with that gentleman, we arelsd
 to believe that they are ptepared with a view to
 give a real benefit m whatever purpose they are iw-
 COOUWQwU*
 RATTLE SNAKE MTS.
 D*. W. B. SlOAN —Dear Sir—Last month Mr.
 A. B. Tat lor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had a
 i«ae badly bitten on the nose by-a Hattlemmha.
 'Otoe ten hours after, 1 saw the horse, bis head waa
 mimikaWy swollen, I immediately applied year
 Ointment freely, and ««e aatomdMd at the
 iiiosspt relief attorded. 1* Jam than one Loot tha
 swelliua Ixiu to a hats, sod ra twenty four hours ll
 lind «TrlV«* subsi.w.l. a«d w.thin three dnya the
 inWM whs not only fit for wse, but was actually potto
 bard labor without aay injurious resuit.
 Yours, reapectftiily,
 l L. 2*. BARTLETT,
 Ciucaso, Jobs Wtt
 •s'• 'be-jt
