potlrji.
For the Norm Star.
 THE PLANTERS OF THE AMERICAN
 TREE OF LIBERTY.
 Tltr Planter wears a broad brim hat,.
 Is tallow, lean and lanky;
 Ht hates John Bull, because he’s fat,
 And bates a Boston Yankee.
 He loses to smoke, to chew and spit,
 And boast with nasal drawling
 in rocking-chair delights to sit,
 With callless legs wide sprawling.
 He scorns to say that black is white.
 Yet white he calls the yellows,
 But black is odious in his sight,
 The hue of nigger fellers.”
 O’er sugar-canes the Planter gloats.
 And cotton, rum, tobacco;
 On liberty be says he doats,
 Bat here he tells a cracker.
 ’Tis human flesh free trade he erases,
 No freedom else lie owns;
 The blacks are born for cowhide slaves,
 For lords the whitey-brouns.
 He bleeds like sheep the sable race,
 And turns them into dollars,
 With irons hot he brands llieir face,
 And decks w th chains and collars.
 On flag of stnpu the Planter doats—
 Tis Freedom’s flag, be raves:
 The the flag of Freedom, eh, that floats
 O’er thy t' ree million slaves'!
 Poor child of bondage! from thy birth,
 Thy ChnXian tyrant foe
 Torments thy body, whilst on earth,
 And dooms thy soul to woe!
 Efslafp, Jan. 1850. E. B.
 EQUALITY.
 FROM SHELLEY’S REVOLT OF ISLAM.
 O Spirit vast and deep, as night and heaven!
 Mother and soul of all to which is given
 The light of life, the loveliness of being,
 Lo! thou dost reasceod the human heart,
 Thy throne of power, almighty as thou wert.
 In dreams of poets old, grown pale by seeing
 The shade of thee: now, millions start.
 To feel thy lightnings through them burning
 Nature, or God, or Love, or Pleasure,
 Or Sympathy, the sad tears turning
 To mutual smiles, a drainless treasure.
 Descends amid u»; Scorn and Hate,
 Revenge au l Selfishness, are desolate—
 A hundred nations swear that there shall be
 Pity and Peace and Love, among the good and
 free!
 Eldest of things, divine Equality!
 Wisdom and Love are but tie slaves of thee,
 The angels of thy sway, who pour around thee
 Treasuiee fiom all the cells of hum in thought,
 And from the stars, and from the ocean brought,
 And the last living heart, whose beatings bound
 thee:
 The powerful and the wise had sought
 Thy coming: iliou in light descending
 O’er the wide land which is thine own,
 Like the Spring, whose breath is blending
 All blaiti of fragrance into one,
 Contest upon the paths of men!—
 Earth bares her general bosom to thy keri,
 And all her children here in glory meet,
 To feed upon thy smiles, and clasp thy sacred feet.
 My brethren, we are free! the plains and moun
 tains.
 The g*y eer&gt;shore, the forests and the fountains,
 Art haunts of happiest dwellers; man aud wo
 man,
 Their common bondage burst, may freely borrow
 From lawltss love a solace for their sorrow!
 For off we still must weep, since we are human.
 A stormy night’s serenest morrow,
 Whose mowers are Pity’s gentle tears,
 Whose clouds are smiles of those that die
 Like infants, without hopes or fears,
 And whose beams are joys that lie
 In blended hearts, now holds dominion:
 The dawn of mind, which upward on a pinion
 Borne, swift as sunrise, far illumines space,
 And clasps this barren world in its own bright
 embrace!
 My brethren, we are free! the fruits are glowing
 Beneath the stars, and the night-winds are fluw
 iig
 O’er the ripe corn; th; bird* and beasts are
 dreaming—
 Nevet again may blood of bird or beast
 Stain with its venomous stream a human feast,
 To tb* pure skies in accusation ateaming
 Avenging poisons s.iall have ceased
 To 'ved disease, and fear and madness,
 Tbs dwellers of the earth and air
 Shull throng around our steps in gladness,
 Seeking their food or refuge there.
 Our toil from thought all glorious forms shall
 Cull,
 To make this earth, our borne, more beautiful,
 And Science and her sister Poesy
 Shall clotlw iu light the fields and cities of the free’
 Victory, v ctory to the prostrate nations!
 Bear witness Night, and ye mute Constellations,
 Who gase on us from your chrystalline ears!
 Tuouglits have gone forth, whose powers can
 sleep no more!
 Victory! victory! Earth’s remotest shore,
 Regions whiea groan Iteneath the antartic stars,
 The green lands cradled in the roar
 Of western waves and wilnernesset,
 Peopled and vast, which skirt the oceans
 Where Morning dyes her golden tresses,
 Shall soon partake oar high emotion*;
 Kings shall (urn pale. Almighty Fear,
 The fiend-god, when our charmed name he bear,
 Shall fade like shadow from his thousand fanes,
 While Truth with Joy enthroned o’er bis lost em
 pire reigns!
 COMMON SENSE.
 BT JAMES T. FIELDS.
 'She came an&amp;ong the gathering crowd,
 A maiden fair, without pretence,
 And when they asked tier humble name,
 She whispered mildly, Common Sense.”
 Her modest garb drew every eye,
 Her ample cloak, her shoes of leather—
 And when they snnered, sire simply said,
 1 dress according to the weather.”
 They argued long, and reasoned loud,
 2a dubious Hindoo phrase mysterious,
 While ebe, poor ehild, could not divine
 Why girls so young should be so serious.
 They knew the length of Pinto’s beard,
 And how the scholars wrote in Saturn;
 She studied authors not so dorp,
 Asd took the Bible fur her pattern.
 And so she said,« Excuse me friends,
 1 find all have their proper places,
 Aarf Common Seat* should slay at home,
 With cheerful hearts and smiling laces.”
 SELF-RELIANCE.
 At earth’s pageant passes by,
 Let reflection turn thine eye
 Inward, aad observe thy breast;
 There stone dwells solid raw.
 :That*a the elate Immured tower.
 Which eaa m tch ell hostile power;
 Ta thyself a tenant be,
 Aad inhabit safe ead tree.
miscellaneous.
THE MAN who was suspicious.
 A TALE WITH A MORAL.
 In a recent number of an English
 magazine we find the following sketch,
 written by Alfred Crowquill. Our lim
 its will not permit us to give the long
 and less interesting introduction; but
 will simply say, that a moderately
 wealthy, but very happy and contented
 country gentleman had gathered his
 family and friends around a bright and
 ruddy fire on Christmas Eve, and, in
 accordance with his long established
 custom, relates the following story:
 "You all know the sheep sheds in
 our lower croft, by Windy Gap," said
 he. "Before I built those sheds, when
 it first came into my possession I had
 often endeavored to reclaim it; but at'
 ter many vain attempts I gave the ob
 stinate bit up in despair, and put it to
 its present use. It is a desolate look
 ing nook, and in its appearance carries
 out to a miracle the scenes of happi
 ness enacted upon its site.
 "William Mawby was born there, of
 parants well to do in the world, with
 everything about their farm in a thriv
 ing slate. As a mere child, he was of
 a peevish, solitary nature. This I have
 heard from good authority*; for I only
 became acquainted with him as I en
 tered my first school, and he was just on
 the point of leaving it.
 Consequently when I returned
 home for good to my parents* roof, he
 was a grown man, and I a mere strip
 ling. As so short a distance divided
 his father's farm from ours, I soon fell
 over him, and renewed our acquain
 tance. His occupation was a foreshad
 owing of his miserable character; he
 was diligently inspecting a hedge that
 divided a close from the main road. He
 thought that he had discovered evident
 traces of some one having passed into
 the field through the said hedge.
 "I laughed at his wise and serious
 face drawn into a loik of profound
 wisdom for so trifling an occasion.
 ‘My young friend,’ said he, ‘men
 are ruined by trifles It is not the
 broken hedge I value; but I suspect
 the trespassers passed through that gap
 on some unlawful purpoes; but I’ll be
 even with them now my suspicions are
 aroused.’
 i “With that he tapped the side of his
 nose, and went on his way most sus
 piciously uncomfortable."
 "Tne next aay, to the amusement of
 the village u large board appeared star
 ing over the hedge, with the announce
 ment ofall sorts of penalties and spring
 i guns to the unwary trespassers. His
 old father was a merry-hearted, plain
 old man, who never put himself under
 the infliction of doubts; for he believed
 that men were all petty considerably
 honest, as the world went, and he had
 not the slightest idea that ne was better
 *thati anybody else, consequently, he
 smoked his pipe in calm contentment,
 and let the world wag.
 "His suspicious son soon disturbed
 blissful equanimity; for, much to his
 annoyance, he found padlocks placed
 J upon things that had hitherto been open
 -i to all. His neighbor had to wait for
 his glass of ale while he found his son,
 n and his son found the key; for he was
 not always sure where he had hidden
 it.
 Poor William’s principal torment
 was his suspicion of his own father.
 His lynx eyes soon fathomed the soft,
 easy temper of his parent, and saw a
 thousand ways wherein his disposition
 might be turned to account by the cun
 ning dealers on market days, when the
 ale was uppermost at their simple
 1 friendly dinners, in winch the old man
 delighted, and which it would have
 been difficult to wean him from—as,
 though yielding and good natured, he
 was too tough and independent to be
 dictated to by anybody. Another
 painful thorn in his side was an aged
 aunt, lo whom the old man took a well
 stored weekly basket. She lived on a
 small stipend in the market town. She
 had two daughters. The old man often
 took his sobering cup of tea with them
 on his return. He might leave them
 something comfortable. The thought
 was tormenting.
 "His suspicion carried him every
 market day to dodge his father, with
 the show of sincere affection; which
 the unsuspicious old man, with his
 heart glad reported to his simple dame,
 who rejoiced with him over their im
 agined treasure.
 “He was at the time about eight and
 twenty, and, dodge as he would, he
 could not escape a pair of bright ’eyes
 and rosy cheeks that caught him in the
 before mentioned market town on one
 of the suspicious visits.
 "He soon scraped an acquaintance,
 after having by great assiduity found
 out that her father was a retired miller,
 of good fortune, and that she waa an
 only child. He thought this a safe in
 vestment. His position and appearance
 soon gained him pernfission to continue
 his visits, which were in tact continual,
 for he was always under the apprehen
 sion that when the cat is away, the mice
 will play, and that some other might
 snap up his valuable mouse. He did
 not feel quite assured about the old
 man’s possessions, so made it his busi
 ness in a thousand tortuous ways to
 make inquires.
 "This could not go on quietly, but it
 at last reached the old miller’s ears,
 who good naturedly put it down to the
 young man's prudent foresight; but, on
 inquiry, he discovered that it proceed
 ed from a doubt of his respectability
 and veracity. The miller was a
 shrewd old man, but whether the
 young suitor might not be wanting in
 some of the qualities he thought neces
 sary for the girl’s happiness.
 "The old banker was a chum of the
 miller’s, through whose instrumentality
 he had invested large sums in excel
 lent mortgages. He allowed himself
 to be pumped by Mr. Mawby, with the
 connivance of the miller, and conse
 quently, by winking replies to hie eager
 inquiries, made out the miller to be
 little less than insolvent.
 "William’s affectioas sank down to
 zero, aWho’ it had for months been burn
 ing, according to hit own account, like
 two or three Etnas combined. His
 suspicions, then, were true. What aa
 escape! thought he. So it wm, for the
 fortunate girl. He proceeded to bis
 intended one’s boose. It being dark,
he crept over the garden palings, and
 sneaked up towards theshuttir. He
 vainly attempted to peep through the
 crevices. Here, while endeavoring to
 make out a murmured conversation, in
 which he thought he heard his name
 mentioned, he was pioned by the mil
 ler’s dog, who, poor brute, was cursed
 with the youth’s fault Of suspicion, and
 suspecting that he was a thief, had
 seized|hirn accordingly. Here was rath
 er an awkward denouncement, and he
 had no right there, the path to the door
 lay another way. In his anxiety he
 had trampled down the flower bed. He
 stammered out some excuse upon his
 release, and departed home crest fallen,
 hoping that they did not suspect his
 suspicions.
 ‘‘The next morning he received a
 very polite note from the miller, beg
 ging him not to repeat his visits, as the
 dog appeared to have taken a sudden
 dislike to him in which he was joined
 by himself and daughter. At the same
 time, to ease his mind as to the state of
 his affairs, he begged to say that any
 respectable young man who pleased his
 daughter’s taste, might have $lO,OOO
 down on the wedding day and as much
 more at his death.
 “For once William suspected right
 —viz: that he had made a sad fool of
 himself.
 “Not many years after this, he lost
 his simpleminded mother. Her death
 gave him plenty of exercise for his
 miserable fault—for he was continually
 laying traps for the servants, as if they
 had been so many mice, to catch them
 out in their little speculations, uutil his
 espionage mude all around him so un
 coinf triable that many of the old do
 mestics left the farm in disgust.
 “Whenever he met me he was full
 of some deeply laid plan to And out
 some miserable suspected one, and
 often in the midst of his self-sufficient
 tale he would start off on a sudden
 without any apology, because a sus
 picion had flashed on his mind that he
 had not locked his corn bin or preserve
 cupboard before he had left home.
 “His whole occupation seemed to be
 to find out things that would make hinr
 uncomfortable. The food preserved
 for his own table he constantly dotted
 or nicked that he might see, upon theii
 being brought to the table again, mhe
 ther any one had ventured to purloir
 even the smallest particle.
 “He had a habit of laving straws ir
 keyholes, that would be displaced upor
 the slighest attempt to insert a key
 and discover the intended thief. I havi
 known him to walk to a considerabli
 distance, and then return and push tin
 door to assure himself that the lock ha&lt;
 shut.
 “He once got in his own trap. On&lt;
 night late, he nad an engagement to gi
 to some neighboring dance; so he sen
 all the servants to bed, and locked th&lt;
 front and back door, and to make al
 secure hid the ponderous key. On hi
 return, he could not for the life of hin
 think of the hiding place; he therefor*
 had some hours to walk up and dowi
 in the night air before the day dawn
 when the imprisoned servants discov
 ered him feeling about in hen coops an*
 under hatches lor the missing key. A
 last his hiding-place struck his memo
 ry, and he had the mortification c
 withdrawing it before the tittering ser
 vants, who thus discovered his suspic
 ions, and the retribution on himself ii
 his long night watch.
 “His father, who had now grown to
 aged to attend the farm, left it entirel;
 under his control. his suspicion
 had nearly finished him off—for h&lt;
 suspected, during his harvest, that hi
 shocks were pulled and robbed in th
 night. He therefore hired b clown t
 sit up as a watchman, armed with ai
 old double-barrelled gun loaded will
 slugs. The first night his suspicion
 would not let him sleep. This watch
 man might be bribed to connivance, am
 he get laughed at. He was soon dres
 sed and creeping along the hedge
 where his suspicions were' verified b.
 hearing low murmuring voices. Hi
 crawled close in their vicinity, am
 there i i covered that it was the poo
 fellow’s wife who had brought hin
 something comfortable for his supper
 He crept back cautiou.-ly, but stumblinj
 over the root of a tree, roused the at
 tention of the watchman, who dial
 lenged him immediately. He lay stil
 for a moment, hoping he should escapi
 observation in the darkness of tin
 night, but upon his first attempt to raisi
 himself, lie received about a dozet
 slugs in his arm and back, for hit
 watchman was a better shot than hi
 suspected. *The picking out of lhes&lt;
 by the village surgeon was a positivi
 satisfaction to the many to whom hii
 character had become pretty w«l
 known.
 “Thus he went on until his father’)
 death left him entirely alone, for hii
 suspicious mind never allowed him t&lt;
 form a friendship, which can only b&lt;
 true and valuable where there is i
 mutual confidence and an openness o
 character. He, by his suspicious na
 ture, had locked himself within himself
 which is the most fearful of imprison
 ments.
 “His father’s wealth enabled him t'
 please his fancy—so to set hismind a
 ease, he sold his farm, that he might
 as he thought, be freed from a hest o
 pilferers. He built himself a house
 iu the croft 1 mentioned at the begin
 ning of the tale, the very prototype o
 himself. It bad a most suspicious 100 l
 —it bad but one door, but windowi
 were placed so that he could see a&gt;
 that was going on no every side.
 “He bad only one domestic, an ole
 cripple without relations, who was to&lt;
 lame to go out, and of course had n&lt;
 visitors. It was well known in thi
 neighborhood that he had withdrawi
 large sums from the different country
 banks, where it had been invested bj
 his father, and it was strongly believet
 that he kept it in the bouao, as be sue
 pected that these speculative gentle
 men might one fine morning turn out t&lt;
 bo insolvent. Hia walks were confioet
 to within sight-wf hia solitary mansion
 the precincts of which he was nevei
 known to leave as age crept on him
 but wandered about like an unquie
 •spirit around his self-imposed tomb.
 “In the course of time bis old do
 mestie was conveyed to the vUlagi
 church yard, much less solitary that
 the abode which she had left.
 “Fora moment the old man atoot
 and gazed after the bearers, his whin
hair blown about by the cold wintry
 wind, and his shrivelled hand shad
 ing his eyes. He turned slowly away
 from the sight and closed the door.
 _ “Many were the kind offers from the
 simple people of the village; but all
 offers he resolutely declined, as he sue
 pected that his age and wealth were
 [calculated upon to a nicety, and a
 thumping legacy looked forward to as
 the reward of some trifling attention.
 Distant relations began to hover
 around him and make tender inquiries.
 These he always met on the door-step,
 which was his only audience chamber
 for such callers.
 “That solitary old man sat, as long
 as day lasted, at a window everlooking
 the high road. Here he passed his
 life in reading and watching. The
 same wiudow showed a light burning
 throughout the hours ofdaikness, for he
 always appeared upon his guard,, as
 upon any person approaching nearer
 thau usual to the premises, his ears
 were saluted by the deep growl of his
 dog, who never led the house any more
 than his master.
 “About two years after the decease
 of his housekeeper, the nightly light
 was missed from the window, for it had
 become quite a guide to many coming
 to the village. This of course caused
 some oi the more curious to approach
 the house by daylight, and reconnoitre.
 But there sat the solitary old man ap
 parently deeply occupied with his book,
 and also his god, peering through the
 glass. This satisfied them, and they
 departed.
 “A week had elapsed, and the vil
 lage was alarmed by the appearance ol
 Mawby’s dog, careering in a wild man
 uer through the village.—Upon being
 noticed, he sped hack to the croft.—
 Many followed him, and upon approach
 ing the house and luok ng up at the
 window, they perceived the old mat
 still sitting unmoved, though the
 frame had been smashed by the dng’«
 exit. After repeated calls, which inei
 with no attention, they forced theii
 way into the house.
 “Everything in the chamber was
 neat and comfortable. There sat tht
 poor old man in bis arm chair deac
 and alone! Of what value now wert
 those riches which had closed his hean
 against ail the pleasures of this beauti
 ful world, against the possessions of t
 wife, children, kindred and friends:
 There was no will, for he suspected llu
 moment he made it in any one’s favor
 that would be his last moment of securi
 ty. It therefore spread itself for mon
 evil, and was split up into more tliar
 forty lawsuits lor the benefit of everj
 One but the rightful heirs.”
 The Sultan. ln his Expediton t(
 the Red Sea, Lieut. Lynch thus speaki
 the Sultan of Turkey:
 “He is a man, young in years, bu
 evidently of impaired and delicate con
 stilution. His wearied and spiritless
 air was unrelieved by any inaicatioi
 of intellectual energy. My feeling sad
 dened as 1 looked upon the monarch
 and I thought of Montezuma.—Evi
 dently, like a Northern clime, his yeai
 of life had known two seasons only
 and had leaped at once from youth tt
 imbecility His smile was one of th&lt;
 sweetest I ever looked upon; his voice
 almost the most melodious 1 had evei
 heard; his manner was gentleness it
 self, and every thing about him be
 spoke a kind and amiable disposition
 He is said to be very affectionate, U
 his mother in especial, and is generous
 to the extreme of prodigality. Bui
 there is that indescribably sad expres
 sion of his countenance, which it
 thought to indicate nn early death. A
 presentiment of the kind, mingled per
 iiajw with a boding fear of the over
 throw of his country, seems to pervade
 jai d depress his spirits. It truth, like
 Earn &gt;cles, this descendant of the Ca
 lipus sits beneath a suspended fate,
 'l'hrough him the souls ol the mighty
 mouarchs who have gone before, seem
 to brood over the impending fate of an
 empire which once extended from the
 Atlantic to the Ganges, from the Cau
 casus to the Indian Ocean.”
 How Holland wa» gathered to
 gether.—No description can convey
 the slightest notion of the way in which
 Holland has been gathered, particle by
 particle, out of the waste of waters; of
 the strange aspect of the country, aad
 the incessant vigilance and wondrous
 precautions by which if is preserved.
 Holland is, in the fullest sense, an
 alluvian of the sea. It consists of sand
 and mud rescued from the ocean, and
 banked up at all tides.—Produced by
 the most dexterous and indefatigable
 exertions, it can be maintained only by
 artificial means. If the efforts by which
 it was redeemed from the waters, were
 to be relaxed, ihe ocean would reassert
 its rights, and the whole kingdom would
 be submerged. The slighest accident
 might sweep Holland-mio the deep. It
 was once nearly undermined by an in
 sect. Indeed, the necessity of destroy
 ing insects is so urgent, that the stork,
 a great feeder on them, is actually held
 in veneration, and almost every spec
 ies of bird is religiously protected from
 injury. Bird-nesting is strictly pro
 hibited by law. The drift of all this is
 palpable enough. But it ia curious that
 the very existence of such a great
 country should depend on such guaran*
 tees. Bentley's Miscellany.
 How to Make tour Friends In
 visible. —This is a rare device, only
 lately pome to be known, and is prac
 tised as follows; take a slip of thin sil
 ver paper, auch as is wont to be cashed
 at ye Bauk of England, and be sure
 that it hath “£2O” imprinted conspic
 uously in one of the corners thereof.
 When your friend a'sketh for small
 loan, ye which be promieeth shall be
 promptly returned, peas your talisman
 into his hand, and let him keep it about
 his person until he shall depart, ye
 which he doeth presently, with many
 courteous speeches. If this cunning
 feat hath been well contrived, you shall
 not be able to see him for some time
 afterward. This will answer nine
 tiau out of ye ten. Pvnch.
 Mp. Calhoun. —The corespondent
 of the New York Commercial Adverti
 ser says that aome of the friends of Mr
 Calhoun assert that be will never again
 he able to take an aetive part in public
 affairs, his health being completely
 prostrated. He is new about seventy
 y ears of age.
4\boertiscnunte.
Asylum for the Sick*
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hydropathic and Any*lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established aad in successful opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseas Chat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor w ishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems af practice, anti are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 onlv entirely remove disease hot give increased
 strength and'elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne tlieir weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth ami
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. Tire treatment of thii-
 Institutiun is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stage*
 ami conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confined tc
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble tc
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pair
 in tire Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spina
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 tire Stomach, Palpitation ui me Heart, Dyspepsia
 allies forms ami stages. Piles, Cost iveness, l&gt;i
 arrlupa, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Discuses, Cob
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetters ol
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms. Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux. Rheumatism, CoiiMimptiod ii
 its fit si stages. General Weakness ami Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole alteniion ti
 the alsive diseases for the last ten years, and hat
 treated tliem in an entirely different way from an;
 other private practice or public Institution in thii
 country; and such has lieen his snccess, and so rer
 tain art* Ids remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 fified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalidi
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guaranty
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration* impo
 sdtion or deception, so (hat no one need be to an;
 expense in this Institution without being baneGtei
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one tvho wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mu into'the Institution, to advance tlie money am
 pay all the expenses from any part of the Uuitw
 States here and huh home again, tefore be com
 inences the treatment, and give a bond to board tliem
 togethet with his professional services, for nothing
 if he does not help them according to contract. An;
 one thinking the above proposition not a sutficien
 guarantee against misi ep; esentations and exjiensi
 a ithoui receiving equal benefit, can let the proo-ie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shill bi
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 nee by the influence qf Uiose who have i*en helpei
 here, as nothing lias ever been published before
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel
 by its own merits, or pay the ex|)ense of those wh&lt;
 choose to make a contract in case of failure, Tb
 design of itiis Circular is not to make known th
 cures that have lieen made in this institution, hecauai
 they must soon be believed; but to let it he mo
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying al
 other systems of practice, and without much or an;
 heuefii, and still remain confined to tlieir beds froii
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institutioi
 I lose treatment is different from any other one tin
 UnitedJS tales, and is particularly adapted to the*
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unles
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in &lt;his Institution
 the number of patients must be limited, therefoi e tin
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight am
 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by nthe
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one t&lt;
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are wiiliiij
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenf
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day ii
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor anti fatigue as most of peopli
 that call themselves well, as be means that ever
 one that goes through a tltorough course oftreatraeii
 in tlie Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased stiength, elasticity of motion, firmness u
 texture, ca'paliility of endurance, and improve)
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on lb- natural laws of organized matter, am
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 lerent t-yaiem of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receivi
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 be made to those wlw&gt; have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 nrthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,’
 required.
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the higlies
 awrards and most hearty testimonials of all tIM
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons o
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those wht
 have used the limb, u» being in every resjiect supe
 rior to any limb ever belote invented in Europe 01
 America, is now manufactured in Spnnafield, Matt.
 by Me«»r». Palmer, Currier Huuson.
 They warrant entire tatiefaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sfkague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gansok, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tLe attention
 of Invalids, especially those 'suffering Iron
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient/
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili*
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 palhy. The supply of water is abundant, and ii
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” 1 tie location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. AM. railroad. Tlu
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha.
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So thai
 with tin water, suitable regimen, mountain air, am
 exercise, patients cun scarcely fail to obtain tbi
 healthiul results fotowhich they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Ilea. 8., of Warwick, Maas., agei
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me uisi
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If bging well supported, she made at.
 effort to walk, either loot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tin
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when sh&lt;
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half* a
 mile with ease. Since Her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to hei
 domestic duties,'uud with the assistance of a smal
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets!
 half a dosen towels marked, with old linen toi
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or aro willing to occupy them in eommoi
 with others, will be charred less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Fine Pro
 dues Association, and for sale at No. 81, Nortl
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities am
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er
 cdlent ankle; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton
 Ac. Ac.
 Orders for Goods, or letters disking information
 may ha addressed to 1. Miller McKun, 81, Nortl
 Filth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or b
 Jams* Mott, No. 16, Church Alley.
 A large and hamlsomr assortment of Prints nov
 on hand. jul—-tf
 Colored Sailors’ Hobo,
 880, Pearl Shvet, New York
 FRIEND* and strangers ea a vim
 to New York, can now be accommodated wit)
 M good Board,aud at as lowa price as in any othe
 house in the city. The house is large ami
 venient; will hold eota&amp;rtebty savsuty persons
 ££3 BgiSST iSME
 May 11,1848.
 sft*. mm
HalstN’s Eclectic Medical lastltate,
 a mi Water-Care EstiUteft«eDt.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operati.n
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Dimm, and surh as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tient)* hare been restored to health and useful***
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find r. lief by any otlier course of me,ii
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theb
 bed* for years, and alio were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under a* many discour
 agements as thems- Ires, have been ctirea by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES.
 Ac., which produce symptom* oi almost all otbci
 diseases, with their accompaniment*—aa DYS
 PERSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVE NEB.*, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other disease*
 arising from the saroe cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor tlieir physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not core—to such
 sufferers we would sav, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring tlieir wive*
 and "children" to have them cured—why not quite
 yourselves, and save life, time and money I
 We ure using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TRKAIMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 Irnlf the time it take* under any otlier treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which i* not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident l
 that period know n as tlie turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their ow n practice.
 Females frequently suffer" for years from the diseases
 incident to tlieir sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at moat a
 lew months'll eatm-nt, would remove iheirdifficultie*
 and restore them to their families, with health t&lt;
 lala.r, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 liappint'ss of otliers. 'Phis has-never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds ot
 miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who hud not walked for years. These
 ladi- s Imve walked miles daily befoie leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in thw vnpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome die
 eaeee, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 W r will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyrieftm from
 those interested in keeping patients under theirowu
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not *|&gt;emi tlieir money
 without benefit, and that no lalse statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of curing Female difficulties is
 a neW discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hows after commencing treatment,
 wit hold fear or trouble in reg ard to their QR.uiN.tL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pom or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy ewe is performed. If any
 one double let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test ow veracity and shiU.
 Our terms are eaey.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about oui
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any othei
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wil
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificate!
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free oi
 cliarge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B.—Our room is limited, therefore we warn
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunat*
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toHALSTr.t
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., posi
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, ant
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saiooi
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reductioi
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various style*.
 New stylet of Print* of medium quality, usual width
 Fine and wide Paper Muslin*. Also Cokret
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 OilCloth*.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly n
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities "am
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillov
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.|
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Abo Linei
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, ant
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brow n Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The wimle stock exclusively Free Lalx&gt;r Goods
 to which the Subscriber would iuvite the atieiuior
 of counwyr merchants as well as his friends and tin
 public generally.
 Much pains i* taken by the Managers of the Fret
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sti
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office ol
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 Plie Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 280 pages of close
 reading; 800 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87$ cts. in muslin,
 ami 25 cent* in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Coqditiou, Influence Rights and Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United State* touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 ceols.
 Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Abo a hand son*
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and uaetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letter* relating to the bushes* of th# office
 to be directed to J. Miller MTKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jut—-tf
 “Every Mad his own Physiciaß.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a MW and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. At ha title page
 indicates, it ia “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Fumtl)
 Manual, giving the cause#, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 uealth, and rules for preserving that state. Appea
 led to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and aiticles for diet for the *ick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily.practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Abo, accompanying this book, or aepemte, is
 •‘THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,&lt;Je»cr»ption,
 nedical properties and doses, use, time ol gathering,
 md many other direction# very uaefel for every lain
 dy to know, and written exp.es.ly for fomily use.
 The Herb Book is devoted aolefv to Popular Med
 ial Botany, and will furntsh on that point all the
 wsiradinformation wanted forgeneralime.”
 The two books are put un and bound together and
 rontaiu tOO pkges, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 a 12$ cent*.
 Tim symptom# of each thetaae are carefully given
 .o mat one may be recognised from another, to ore
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 Aetclef general physiology, awl rules for keeping
 n health, together with observation, on tbeircau.es,
 naans of avoiding deleterious hdhmaess, and suck
 ■lyi rfom, far both
 m. dip pip hmt nm ot t&amp;mt
The book has been written with great care, 'tm a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to le or*
 •fcrstood by ew»y person, and I &gt;y x practical physi
 ciaanwla thorough botanist. We cnn recommend
 it witH entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other hook of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the cooninr, and cAper-intly these be
 ing ia new countries and uihrahhv eliftuites, shoal!
 not fail to proem* a copy am) hnv* it at all tinea at
 hand, in case oi sickness ai tliey might ti-cu U ly
 some simple remedysave an expensi ve ard i fo'trrc
 ted doctors bill. W'liether weH or sick, such abit k
 should lie in every i tot we ns a safe and mire adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family mat have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tim book is put up in Paper binding, end can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only §4 cents to any
 aart of the United State*.
 (0* Any person sending us mi cioiirr by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him frtt of pottagt.
 Scno in your orders#, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 alw.iys reach th"*ir destination.
 OCh Four families can chib together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 W ANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 carried to tlieir doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $5O will he necessary fur each agent. Addi ess,
 oortpvd, GEO. W. FIS!!ER,
 April 1,1849. 6 F.xchange-st, Rochester, N. Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORT OP
 MEDICINE;
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 t/A I V ERSAL REMEDY' has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested diameter of its won*
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is woithy of spe
 cial remaik.that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of tlia
 public generally, it has been nucces.-fully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts ami philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possets within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen rears baa nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most enses and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which tills
 Oil has beeircompletely successful and in which oth
 er j,Mretended remed.es have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM. PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 factions. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, W hitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 aud Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ol the mus
 cles,Wounds, dwellings, &amp;c
 Also a host of disease*
 in Horses and other
 animals,such aa
 SPA VINS,
 fe wwnty
 ringbone.
 Windfall, 801 l Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 JFistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft
 .Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and other* who have used the Oil,
 of cure* which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were tliey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 'l’he Dr. Parkei also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external u*e ia
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in ail rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less wlteie the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is liie most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow iu
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a renark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consentient soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands ot
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been well adapted to the prom; t cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it luu beea
 very justly called a C omplete Panacea for die Horse
 For instance, read the iollowiug:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES
 Th jg is to certify that 1 have had for many years die
 caFe of from one bundled to two buuureu horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil foi
 two years past, and can safely say, that foi all tiw
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the be--t medicine foi
 lioises now iu use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will U
 promptly responded to.
 U«t a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted Stales and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pith*, L. B
 S WAX, WISSLOW it YOUXO, H. D- d ADA
 Rochester.
 H It E Gaylord, Henderson It Panderson, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding St Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 It lsiaei, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Allany:
 Hollister it Co, Buhalo; Greenmau It iMnitli, UU
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July IS—6m
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Weetnuneta Review,
 and Blackwood't Edinburgh Mug axine.
 THE wide-spread fame of the** splendid period*
 cat* renders it needless to say much ia their praise-
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance ot
 anything of the sort now publi.hed, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is maikcd by a dignity,
 enndor, and forbearance, not often found ia works
 of a party character.
 They embrace llie views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. Tlie North (Brithk Re
 view is mote of a religious character, having beea
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sines
 his death, being conducted Dy hi* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Iu
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, i hough reprinted un-.ei that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster— it being in lact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefor*,
 the advantage by this combination of milling iu on*
 work the best feature* of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful dear typ*, on hue whim paper,
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magasiae, being an exaCt/ac-Madi* *f th* Edinburgh
 edition.
 mesa for 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the (bur Reviews, s&lt;W&gt;o per an sum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For a(T (our of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Mafasine, S 00
 For Bfeekwood and tie 8 Reviews, 9 00
 Far Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in aU cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 tent to one address on payment of th* regular mat
 icriptton for three the tourth copy being gnus. 0
 EARLY COPIES.
 A lata arrangement with the British publishers
 Blackwood’s Magaxine secures to os early sheets
 that work, bv which we shah be able to piece the
 entire number in th* heads ef subscribers More nay
 portion of it eaa be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Meg*,
 cine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early whsie
 tbe price is low. t*
 Remittances and commeaieelions should always
 aririrwMaa/1 IttMtfalttlTli OP fimnltml ton tiuj Rißiltt^Mw
