FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
VOL. 111. NO. 9.
The NORTH ST.lßju published {every
 Friday, at No. 35, BaJtalo Street,
 (Oppamttikt Arcade.)
 TERM-4.
 Two dollar* per annum, always in advance. No
 sebicripnow will b« received fin a leu term than
 nix imnitu.
 A lverti*tf:)ieui-i not exceeding ten lines inverted
 three times fur one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
 The object of the North .Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspedts; advocate
 Universal Emancipation exalt tlie standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and tiUeUec
 tual improvement of the Color eu Pkoplk; and
 Itasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thref
 41 11 lions of our aaetaved fellow romKrymmi.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All cumiuunications relating to tlie business
 .nature of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, Sic., should Ire addressed to Frederick
 Dovolsss, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 yj- Agents, and all others sending ua-nes, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Pant office,
 tie Vaunty, and die State. Each Subscriber is itn
 me'liately credited for money received.
 QjV Any person sending in pavmeat for four sub
 scribers, to he forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o.ie year.
 IjCJ" All letters and commtmirations must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M ns achusetts.—R.4. Wallcut, 21, Cornliill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 IV. Foster, Lowell; Janies N. Bnffuin, Lynn;
 Bo irne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut.—Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury,Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Pena Yau; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Knout: Island. —Amtirancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bnstill, 149.
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Bi ightou.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robart Banks, Detroit?—
 Panada. —John Jauie« Carey, Toronto.
 Selections.
 ARGUMENT
 Of Charles Sumner. Esq., against the. {Con
 stitutionality of Separate. Colored S Jiools,
 tn the case of Sarah C. Roberts vs. The
 City of Boston. Before the Supreme Court
 of Mass., Dec. 4, 1849.
 [CONTINUED.]
 Still further —and here I approach a
 more technical view of the subject—
 it is an admitted principle, that the re
 gulations and bye-laws of municipal
 corporations must be reasonable, or
 they are inoperative and void. This
 has been recognized by this court in
 Commonwealth vs. Worcester, (4 Pick.
 R. 462,) and in Vardine’s Case (6j
 Pick. 187.) And in the City of Boston
 vs. Jesse Shaw, (1 Met. 130,) it was
 decided that a bye-law of the city ol
 Boston, prescribing a particular form
 of contribution towards the expenses of
 making the common sewers, was void
 for inequality and unreasonableness.
 Assuming that this principle is appli
 cable to the School Committee, their
 regulations and by-laws must be rea
 sonable. Their discretion .must be ex
 ercised in a reasonable manner. And
 this is not what the Committee or any
 other body of men, may think reason
 able, but what shall be reasonable in
 the eye of the law. It must be legally
 reasonable. It must be approved by
 the reason of the law.
 And here we are brought once more,
 in another form, to the question of the
 validity of the discrimination on ac
 count of color, by the School Commit
 tee of Boston. Is this legally reason
 able? Is it reasonable, in the exercise
 of their discre.ion, to separate the des
 cendants of tha African race from the
 white children, in consequence of their
 descent merely? Passing over, now,
 those principles of the Constitution,
 and those provisions of the law, which
 of themselves would decide the ques
 tion constituting as they do the highest
 reason, but which have been already
 amply considered, look for a moment
 at the Educational system of Massa
 chusetts, and it will be seen that prac
 tically no discrimination of color is
 made by law in any part of it, A des
 cendant of the African race may be
 Governor of the Commonwealth, and
 as such, with the advice and consent of
 the Council, may select the Board of
 Education. Aa Lieutenant Governor,
 he may be, tx officio, a member of the
 Board. He may be the Secretary of
 the Board, with the duty imposed on
 him by law, of seeing that ull children
 in this Commonwealth, who depend up
 on common schools for instruction, may
 have the best education which those
 schools can be made to impart. He
 may be a member of any School Cdm
 inittee, or it teacher in any public
 school of the State. As a legal voter,
 he can vote in the selection of any
 School Committee.
 Thus, in every department connect
 ed with our Public Schools, throughout
 the whole hierarchy of their govern
 ment, from the very head of the sys
 tem down to the humblest usher in the
 humblest primary school, and to the
 humblest voter, there is no distinction
 of color known to Che law. It is when
 we reach the last stage of all, the
 children themselves, that the beautiful
 character of the system is changed to
 the deformity of Caete; as, in the pic
 ture of the ancient poet, what was a
 lovely woman above, terminated in a
 vile, unsightly lish below. And all
 this is done by the Committee, with
 more than necromantic power, in the
 exercise of their mere discretion.
 It is dear that the Committee may
 classify scholars, according to their
 age and tel; for the obvious reasons
 that these distinctions are inoffensive,
 pod especially recognised as legal in
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
the law relating to schools. (Revised
 Statutes, c. 23, 63.) They may alsc
 classify scholars according to theii
 moral and intellectual qualifications,
 because such a power is necessary tc
 the government of schools. But the
 Committee cannot assume, a priori,
 and without individual examination,
 that an entire race possess certain
 moral or intellectual qualities, which
 shall reader it proper to place them all
 in a class by themselves. Such an ex
 ercise pf the discretion with which the
 CommijMn are intrusted, must be un
 reasonable, and therefore illegal.
 But it is said thatjtha Committee, in
 thus classifying the children, have not
 violated any principle of Equality, in
 asmuch as they have provided a school
 with competent instructors for the col
 ored children, where they have equal
 advantages of instruction with those
 enjoyed by the white children. It is
 said that in excluding the colored chil
 dren from the Public Schools open to
 white children, they furnish them an
 equivalent. To this there are several
 answers. shall touch upon them only
 briefly, as the discussion, through
 which we have now travelled, substan
 tially covers the whole ground.
 Ist. The separate school for colored
 children is not one of the schools esta
 blished by the law relating to Public
 Schools. (Revised Statutes, chap. 23.)
 It is not a Public School. As such, it
 has no legal existence, find therefore
 cannot be a legal equivalent. In addi
 tion to what has already been said,
 bearing on this head, I will call the at
 tention to one other aspect of it. We
 have already seen that it has been de
 cided, that a town can execute its
 power to form a School District, onlv
 by a geographical division of its terri
 tory—that there cannot be, what the
 Court have called a personal limitation
 of the District, and that certain indivi
 duals cannot be selected and set off by
 themselves into a District. (Perry vs.
 Dover, 12 Pick. 213.) The admitted
 effect of these decisions is to render a
 separate school for colored children
 illegal and impossible in towns that
 have been divided into Districts. They
 are so regarded in Salem, Nantucket,
 New Bedford, and in other towns of
 this Commonwealth. The careful opin
 ion of a member of this Court, who is
 not sitting iu this case, given while at
 the bar, (Hon. Richard Fletcher,) and
 extensively published, has been consi
 dered as practically settling this point.
 But there cannot be one law for the
 country and one for Boston.- It is true
 that Boston is not divided strictly into
 geographical districts. In this respect
 its position is anomalous. But if se
 parate colored schools are illegal and
 impossible in the country, they must be
 illegal and impossible in Boston. It is
 absurd to suppose that this city, by
 failing to establish school districts, and
 by regarding all its territory as a single
 district, should be able legally to esta
 blish a Caule school, which it otherwise
 could not do. Boston cannot do indi
 rectly what the other towns cannot do
 directly.
 This is the first answer to the sug
 gestion of equivalents.
 2d. The second is, that in point of
 fact, it is not an equivalent. We have
 already seen that it is the occasion of
 inconveniences to the colored children
 and their parents, to which they would
 not be exposed,if they bad access to the
 nearest public schools, besides indict
 ing upon them the stigma of Caste.
 Stilt further, and this consideration
 cannot be neglected, the matters taught
 in the two schools may be precisely
 the same; hut a school, exclusively
 devoted to one class, must differ essen
 tially, in its spirit and character, from
 that public school known to the law,
 where all classes meet together in
 equality. It is a mockery to call it an
 equivalent.
 3d. But there is yet another answer.
 Admitting that it is an equivalent, still
 the colored children cannot be com
 pelled to take it. Their rights are
 Equality before the law; nor can they
 be called upon to renounce one jot of
 this. They have an equal right with
 white children to the general public
 schools. A separate school, though
 well endowed, would not secure to
 them that precise Equality which they
 would enjoy in the general public.
 The Jews in Rome ate asnfined to a
 particular district, called the Ghetto.
 In Frankfort they are condemned to a
 separate quarter, known as the Jewish
 quarter. It is possible that tha accom
 modations allotted to them are as good
 as they would be able to occupy, if left
 free to choose throughout Rome and
 Frankfort; but this compulsory segre
 gation from the mass of citizens is of
 itself an inequality which we condemn
 with eur whole souls. It is a vestige
 of ancient intolerance directed against
 a despised people. It is of the same
 character with the separate schools in
 Boston.
 Thus much for the doctrine of equi
 valents, as a substitute for equality-
 In determining that the Committee
 have no power to make a discrimina
 tion of color or race, we are strength
 ened by yet another consideration. I
 the power exists in any caso, it mitaf
 exist in many others. It cannot be res
 trained to this alone. The Committee
 may distribute all the children into
 classes—merely according to .their dis
 cretion. They may establish a separ
 ate aahool for the Irish er Germans,
 where each may nurse an exclusive
 Spirit of nationality alien to ear institu
 tions. They may separate Catholic*
 from Protestants, or, pursuing their
 discretion atill further, thev may separ
 ate the different sects of Proteatants,
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1850.
and establish one school for Unitarians
 another for Presbyterians, another foi
 Baptists, and another for Methodists
 They may establish a separate ecboo
 for the rich, that the delicate taste o
 this favored class may not be offends*:
 by the humble garments of the poor
 They may exclude the children of me
 chanics from the Public Schools, anc
 send them to separate schools by them
 selves. All this, and much more, car
 be done by the exercise of the high
 handed power which can make a dis
 crimination on account of color or
 race. The grand fabric of our Public
 Schools, the pride of Ma—achusetts,
 where, at the feet of the teacher, inno
 cent childhood should meet, unconsci
 ous of all distinctions of birth—where
 the Equality of the Constitution and of
 Christianity should be inculcated by
 constant precept and example—may be
 converted into a heathen system ol
 proscription and Caste. We may then
 have many different schools, the repre
 sentatives of as many different classes,
 opinions and prejudices; but we shall
 look in vain for the true Public School
 of Massachusetts. Let it not be said
 that there is little danger that any Com
 mittee will exercise their discretion to
 this extent. They must not be entrust
 ed with the power. In this is the only
 safety worthy of a free people.
 TO BE CONTINUED.
 From the Eighteenth Annual Report, of the Ma»-
 •achu-ietla Anti-Slavery Society.
 OUR AIM.
 The lapse of Time and the progress
 of Events have'but served to confirm
 o-’r deliberate andotten recorded opin
 ion that the only Exodus for the Slave
 from his bondage,’ the only redemption
 of ourselves from our guilty participa
 tion in it, lies over the ruins of the
 American State and the American
 Church. Both the one and ihe other,
 as this Report, however imperfectly
 and feebly, has abundantly proved,
 are in league with the Oppressor and
 batten on the crushed bodies and man
 gled souls of the Oppressed. The
 corner-stone of the American Church,
 as well as of the American State, is the
 Slavery of the African race. We pro
 test against both. We call upon all
 men who love God and regard Man to
 come out of both and tq unite in build
 ing a holier Temple for the worship ol
 the True God, a more sacred Capitol
 for the service of a better Common
 weal, than those structures which rest
 on the hearts and are cemented with
 the blood of Three&gt;Million Slaves. We
 are convinced more and more by the
 experience of every day, that this
 course is not only the Absolute Right,
 but that it is the Highest Expediency.
 We know that we have never so shak
 -1 en the Church, we have never extorted
 from her so large a share of the decent
 homage of hypocrisy, or compelled her
 to assume the mask of Anti-Slavery so
 eagerly, as since we have shaken off
 the dust of our feet as a testimony
 against her and left her to be joined to
 her idols. We know that we have
 never made our voice reach to the ut
 termost part of the Union so clearly,
 our opinions and practices have never
 been so distinctly repeated and pro
 claimed by the universal press, by the
 Legislatures and by the Congress ol
 the United States, or our Philosophy
 and Method been so well understood by
 the General Mind of the Country, as
 since we have adopted the principle ol
 “NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLD
 ERS.”
 The work which the American Abo
 litionists have undertaken is no light
 one. They aim at nothing less than a
 Reformation of the Religion and a
 Revolution in the Government of the
 Country. Tiiey seek to rescue Chris
 tianity from the shame, and Republi
 canism from the infamy, which Slave
 ry has justly brought upon them-both.
 They aspire to assist in the building up
 of a Church and of a State such as the
 Martyrs of Religion and Freedom in
 all past time foresaw, when they joy
 fully yielded themselved to the Stake
 or to the Block. These hopes of the
 yearning Ages have been hitherto
 mournfully defeated. The experiment
 of a Great Nation with popular Institu
 tions, on these Western shores, has
 signally failed. We are not the Model,
 but the Warning of the Nations. And
 this, owing to the disturbing element of
 Slavery which our Fathers introduced
 and we suffer to exist in our National
 Economy. We see plainly that the
 elimination of this abhorred ingredient
 must precede any successful attempt
 to erect a true Republic, enduring and
 flourishing under the auspices of a
 pure Religion. To do this is the ap
 pointed and the chosen work of the
 Abolitionists. In the of such
 a Puupose, the Sectarian strifes, the
 Partizan struggles, the Social compe
 titions of the hour dwindle and disap
 pear. Oars’is the only Movement of
 this Age and Country that will impress
 itself indelibly on the destines of all
 coming Time. While the ephemeral
 objects which agitate the contempora
 ry mind must soon pass away and be
 forgotten, the change which we eeek
 to achieve will influence the condition
 of mititons as long as the Earth sheH
 endure. For such an End we may #ell
 forego the temptations of a vulgar am
 bition and cheerfully dedicate to its
 Accomplishment the best powers of our
 miuds, and the beet years of our lives.
 For the Messing of our labors will
 never cease from off the Earth, and
 their Memory wiH endure forever!

 It has been decided in New Orleans
 that a colored man is competent to tes
 tify in a court.
THIRTY-FIRST &lt;'O\GRESS.
 Washihgtoo Feb. 11
 Senate.—The Vice President »tate&lt;
 the business before the Senate to be
 the motion to receive a petition of citi
 zens of Delaware and Maryland, ask
 ing a peaceable dissolution of the Uni
 on. Mr Chase having the floor, Ad
 dressed the Senate in support of the
 petition. He cited a case wherein a
 similisr petition had been frequently
 quoted in discussion. Kfcfeelievedthal
 the Senate wpre boundkio receive every
 petition no matter character,
 and if it exhibited a mhrtnkcn- view ol
 the powers of Congress, or the expe
 diency of the measure prayed for, Con
 gress should express its disapprobation
 by subsequent action. The right ol
 petition was a great and sacred one, to
 be demanded, and, not a poor one to
 be begged for.—He had no objection
 to whatever action the Senate might
 deem proper to give to this and similiar
 petitions. He only asked that all he
 received and treated alike.
 Mr. Dayton said that the right of pe
 tition was well settled. It was the rem
 edy which a citizen or subject had to
 ward the sovereign, and he had yet
 to learn that it extended to the destruc
 tion of the sovereign. It was limited
 always to the redress of grievances.
 He wns opposed to the reception oi
 this petition, and would vote against it
 because it asked the destruction of the
 sovereign—the dissolution of the Uni
 on—the violation of the Constitution
 by those who had sworn to support it.
 It asked what the Senate had neither
 the right nor the power to do, and was
 not respectful to the body to whom it
 was addressed.
 He agreed with all that Mr. Hale
 had said the other day, relative to the
 petition from North Carolina presented
 by Mr. Mangum; there were wrongs,
 as have been said on both sides, and
 he was prepared, and her after always
 should vote against rccei\ ing these ag
 itating petitions, no matter where they
 come from.
 Mr. Cass honored the right of petit
 ion as much as any man, but he did
 not reckon it so high as the Seimtor
 from Ohio. The people, thank God,
 had a much more effectual remedy in
 their hands than the right of petition—
 they had the right o* action. The bal
 lot box was worth a thousand rights of
 petition, and could be exercised by all
 the people. Was it to be contended
 that Congress had no discretion as to
 the reception of petitions? Would they
 consider themselves bound to receive a
 petition asking Congress to pass an act
 declaring that there was •no God?
 Surely not. The Constitution secured
 the right to the people of petitioning
 for the redress of grievances—would
 any man contend this was such a pe
 tition? There was no comparison be
 tween this petition and that presented
 by Mr. Mangum.
 He alluded to the blessings with
 which a kind Providence had crowned
 our country, and said that the root of
 all our evil was to be found in our fail
 ure to appreciate and render to the
 Creator the meed of gratitude, for all
 that we have received. Dissolution
 was but another name lor War—and
 yet, here were the descendents of Penn
 asking that it be granted. If the petition
 was to be granted, our borders, where
 ever they inay be, would be the scene
 of one of the bloodiest Wars the world
 ever saw—and for what? What was
 to be gained by it? Who were to reap
 anything but the bitterest fruits?
 Mr. Webster regretted that this pe
 tition had been presented, and he would
 be surprized if it received any votes in
 the Senate. Lest any one shonld, by
 his vote, imply that Congress had any
 power over the subject, he thought that
 the petition, to be consistent with itself,
 ought to have been preceded by a pre
 amble somewhat as follows:
 “Gentlemen, Members of Cougress:
 Whereas, at the commencement of the
 present session, you and each of you,
 took a solemn oath upon the Holy E
 vangelists of Almighty God, that you
 would support the Constitution and the
 Government; now, therefore, we ask
 you to take immediate steps to break
 up the Union, and destroy the Consti
 tution as soon as you can.”
 Mr. Hale was glad that Mr. Cass
 had obtained new light, since he voted
 the other day against receiving a peti
 tion from Pensylvania,asking no action
 by Congress, but simply requesting
 Congress, in view of contemplated ac
 tion upon the subject of slavery, on the
 admission of new states, not to admit
 such states into the Union. The Sen
 ator had declared that North Carolina
 was right in remonstrating against the
 contemplated action by Congress, that
 was all the petition which Mr. Cass
 had voted against.
 Mr. Cass replied that [the petition in
 question contemplated adverse action
 by Congress, in case ot the application
 by a new state for admission without a
 restriction upon the.question of slavery.
 Mr. Hale said the petition intimated
 no such septiments.
 Mr. Wale# stated that he had exam
 ined the petition and recognized the
 name of no one of its 4 signer# as a citi
 zen of Delaware.
 Mr. Cooper eloquently addressed the
 Senate adverse to the petition, and
 hi support of the Union, alluding to the
 evils which must follow its dissolution,
 and declaring that he would vote against
 all petitions from either north or south,
 looking in the remotest degree to so
 disastrous an event.
 Mr. Clemens declared that the South
 had never been guilty of aggressing—
 the North alone was responsible for the
GOT) IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
(danger which menaced the Union
 there are no dissolutionists in the Soutl
 I —not a man who would dare rise ant
 1 avow the treasonable sentiment.
 i Mr. Chase said the question of re
 ception had uot been met. Mr. Cast
 and others had passed over the res
 question, and stated the reasons fbi
 which they would not grant the pray
 er of the petition.—They mistook theii
 own position. He contended that.the
 reception of the petition was no jest a*
 to the principle involved in the petitiou.
 Mr. Seward wished the Senate and
 the country distinctly to understand
 that the question was not upon the
 propriety of dissolving the Union, or
 the power of Congress to dissolve it,
 but simply whether the petition should
 be received, and referred to a commit
 tee, with instructions to report that the
 Senate had neither the power nor the
 disposition to entertain the question.
 With this view he would vote to re
 ceive the petition, which he had de
 nounced as emanating front madmen—
 that he had never seen and never ex
 pected to see, the petition which he
 would not recieve. It was no apology
 with him for refusing to receive the
 prayer of his fellow-being, that he had
 no power to grant it.
 Petitions from madmen were at least
 harmless, and the easiest way to get
 rid of them was to recieve them, and
 dispose of them ns they deserved. No
 other petitions tor a dissolution of the
 Union would ever be sent here, if the
 present one should be received and the
 rebuke administered to it which was in
 the heart and mouth of every man in
 the Chamber. The Senate were not
 above giving reasons even against a
 dissolution of the Union— George
 Washington had not been above it,
 and why should the Senate?
 The question being taken, the mo
 tion to receive the petition was nega
 tived yeas 3 nays 50—Messrs. Hale,
 Chase and Seward voting in the affirm
 ative.
 The Senate proceeded to the con
 sideration of the order of the day.
 Mr. Berrien arose and addressed the
 Senate on the subject of Slavery, ex
 pressed his views of the magnitude and
 difficulties of the subject, and conse
 quent conviction of the crisis which
 now exists in the affairs of the country.
 The people of the South had at last
 been awakened to a sense of their dan
 ger; and a feeling has been awakened
 which could no longer be trifled with.
 He uttered no menaces, and trusted
 the North would heed the voice of
 calm, dispassionate warning which he
 b«w raised. The oounlry had passed
 through many crises, but none so
 fraught with danger as the present;
 and, unless better counsels prevail than
 hitherto, the direct consequences will
 ensue.
 He trusted that a better feeling would
 prevail. This hope amounted almost
 to conviction, that the storm would lull,
 and peace and happiness would again
 be diffused throughout ail our borders.
 After paying a most beautiful tribute to
 Mr. Clay, wishing that he might long
 live to participate in the blessing ot uni
 ty and peace, and that when he should
 be called to leave off the frail gar
 ment which he has so gracefully worn,
 his closing eyes might rest on a free,
 united, and happy republic—
 Mr. Berrien proceeded with an ar
 gument upon the immediate question of
 legislation, for the territories, and
 against the establishment of a princi
 ple which should forbid, in all future
 time, the flag of the Uuion to float over
 any State ;or territory where slavery
 may exist, except in those States where
 that institution now exists. The South
 called upon Congress not to legislate
 upon the question of slavery. They
 had not asked legislative aid: it was
 legislative interference which they de
 precated. They called upon Congress
 to exercise whatever power it had, to
 organize governments for the Territo
 ries, and abstain from any aefion upou
 the domestic institution of slavery.—
 They called upon Congress to leave
 the slavery question to the great Con
 stitutional arbiter between the two sec
 tions. That was all tbe South asked.
 What then, he would appeal to the
 Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clay)
 what had the South to yield? What
 was it that they had to yield? Was it
 their constitutional right to‘ invoke the
 decision of the highest tribunal in the
 Union, that they were called upon 1 to
 give up? Surely such a demand could
 never be entertained. He then pro
 ceeded to examine more specifically
 the question of the power of Congress
 to take any action upon the question
 of slavery in the new territories, argu
 ing against the existence of any such
 power.
 At three o'clock, Mr. Berrien gave
 way to a motion that the further con
 sideration of the subject be postponed
 until to-morrow, which was agreed to.
 Mr. King submitted a resolution call
 ing upon the Secetary of State for any
 papers in his department relative to
 the conduct of Captain David Cook,
 of the British bark Sarah, in rescuing
 the passengers, officers and crew of
 the Caleb Qrimshaw, which was a
 dopted.
 After the transaction of additional
 routine business, and an Executive ses
 sion the Senate adjourned.
 house or RsmasaMTATivEs.
 A motion was J pending from last
 week to lay on the table a petition pre
 sented by Mr. CromrMl. from citizens
 of Ohio, asking Congress to adopt
 measures for the settlement of interna
 tional difficulties by Arbitration and a
 Congress of Nations,
The question wastaken, and decided
 in the negative —yeas 65, nap 100.
 Mr. Thompson of Miss, desiring to
 debate the petition, the question goes
 over.
 The House then went into Committee
 of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
 on resolution relative to collection ol
 customs.
 The amendments were considered.
 Mr. Winthrop of Mass, took occa
 sion to present a memorial from 100
 importing merchants of Boston, without
 distinction of party, remonstrating
 against the Treasury Circular, and
 requesting; that the expenses of weigh
 ing, gu aging and measuring be paid by
 that class, and expressing regret that
 the revenue cutters have been called
 out of service. He believed that not
 less than twenty millions of imports
 were received at Boston, on which a
 duty of $5,000,000 was paid.—The
 Secretary issued the circular only on
 compulsion, and would relieve the
 merchants whenever he bad an oppor
 tunity.
 Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, offered an
 amendment to the resolution of the
 Senate, the same as that offered and
 adopted as a substitute by the Com
 mittee of Ways and Means on Friday,
 excluding the expenses of collecting
 revenue in California and Oregon from
 the appropriation proposed, suspending
 laws limiting compensation to officers
 and expenses there until further action
 of Copgress.
 After five minutes’ remarks made in
 explanation on one side contending
 that appropriations for California and
 Oregon should be specific, and that the
 amendment did not allow one cent
 more than was asked by the Secretary
 of the Treasury, Mr. Vinton’s amend
 ment was lost by a tie vote.
 Various amendments were offered,
 and remarks predicated on them.
 Mr. Thurston had conversed with
 the Representatives from California,
 and they took the broadest ground
 against giving the least discretion to
 the Secretary on that section. He was
 told that the Collector at San Francis
 co was giving four dollars a day more
 to assistance than was allowed at the
 North, and that Congress will be called
 upon to make appropriation for special
 services. It is a fact, that the expense
 of living in San Francisco was $lO a
 day; and unless Congress make ade
 quate provision, how can it be expected
 that the necessary officers can be em
 ployed? The port of Asteria has long
 been without a Collector, and the gov
 ernment was in consequence cheated
 out of hundreds and thousands by the
 Hudson Bay Company bringing in tfieir
 cattle and goods without paying duties.
 Whatever course the committee may
 adopt, let them not include any portion
 of the Pacific coast. He was in favor
 of retrenchment, but not such as would
 cause the Government to lose in the
 collection of duties.
 Mr. Green offered a preamble, in
 the nature of a censure on the Secre
 tary of the Treasury for spending too
 much money, and accused him of not
 carrying out the spirit of the act of
 March, 1849.
 The committee rose and reported the
 following as agreed to, in lieu of the
 Senate’s resolution: “That instead of
 the sum appropriated for expenses for
 collecting the revenue, in act, 3d
 March, 1849, a sum equal to one-half
 of that expended in collecting revenue
 for the fiscal year, ending June 30,
 1848, exclusive of expenses for storage,
 cartage, drayage and labor in that
 year, be appropriated for the remain
 ing halt of the year, ending June,
 1850, together with such sums in ad
 dition, as may be received for cartage,
 drayage, labor and storage, exclusive
 of expenses incurred in California and
 Oregon; and provided that ail laws
 limiting the compensation of officers,
 and other expenses shall be suspended
 in Califoania and Oregon until further
 action of Congress.”
 Mr. Bayly moved to strike out the
 exclusion of California and Oregon.
 Motion disagreed by one majority.
 The question was taken on agreeing
 to amendment in committee of the
 whole—99 to 103— party vote.
 The queston was now taken on
 agreeing to the resolution as it came
 from the Senate.
 Mr. Preston King moved to recon
 sider the vote.
 The question was ordered—pending
 which the House adjourned.
 MASON*# FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
 Enclosed you have an office copy of
 Senator M a son’s intended amendments
 to the Judiciary Committee’s Bill for
 catching slaves while they are remov
 ing from the Slave States without per
 mission of their masters, to avoid
 Eternal Servitude.
 Mr.Masou,who is a high-minded Vir
 ginian,would authorize each ol the 40
 U.S.District Judges(in bis District) to
 create three commissioners in each
 County, to determine complaints and
 authorize claimants to carry back the
 slaves claimed. In short, be would
 provide nearly 4,000 additional judges
 of slave cases, besides a large batch
 in the Territories.
 2 Commands United States Sher
 iffs (Marshals) and their deputies to
 obey the 4,000 Judges, to execute
 their process, and to summon the aid of
 the neighbors to help to catch and
 keep the escaping Slaves, or the whole
 force of the County if wanted; all good
 citizen* being also commanded to a*,
 sist. ififi -it fria- so*
 3 Permits Slave-proprietors or
 their agents to chase, catch, and re-
JOHN DICK, Primtkr.
WHOLE NO.; 118
claim their Slaves who shall have fled
 to other States; to seize them with or
 without warrant; to carry them before
 a United States Court, or before one
 of the 4,(KM) Judge*, who is “to hear
 and determine the case of such claim
 ants in a summary manner In no
 trial or hearing shall the testimony ot
 such alleged fugitive be admited in ev
 idence. Affidavits of claimants, duly
 attested, shall entitle them to carry off'
 their alleged Slaves, using all necea
 i sary force and restraint. Juries of the
 neighborhood, there are to be none.
 §4 Orders any one obstructing the
 seizure of all alleged “fugitives” from
 i slavery,{who would not ruu from it?]
 or who may harbor or conceal them, to
 be fined not over $5OO, sent to jail for
 not more than half a year, and also
 compelled to pay $l,OOO for civil dam
 ages to the slave claimant. The pre
 sent enormous fees allowed in the Fed
 eral Courts are|to be extended to tbi
 slave-catching business. Each Com
 missioner, or Slave Judge, is to get a
 $lO fee, if he thinks lie is justified in
 delivering up the slave brought before
 him; but only $5 if he fears that there
 is not proof enough. Mr. Mason thus
 makes it his interest to be content with
 as little of proof as he possibly can.
 The constable or he who may catch
 the slave, also gets a $5 fee, and such
 other fees nre allowed as some one of
 the 4,000 new Judges may think fit to
 order. The worthy Senator wishes bis
 bill to go into operation on the Ist ol
 June next.
 1 perceive that Messrs. Pihenix and
 Underhill supported Giddings’s re
 solutions, embracing the principle in
 volved in Root’s, on the same day; and
 it is understood that the New-York
 Delegation will go firmly and unitedy
 with the country on the great question
 of Free Territory.
 Affrican Colonization. -There are
 two aspects under which the Colonisa
 tion cause may be regarded—first, as
 an opiate for slaveholders’ consciences,
 by confirming the prejudice that blsck
 and white men cannot live under the
 same government in a state of legal
 equality—that general Enrancipation
 can only be safely attempted on condi
 tion of the total expatriation of the
 black race from this country. Hat
 sort or phase of Colonization wo de
 cidedly object to. But the Coloniza
 tion from choice of a great number of
 our emancipated blacks on the soil
 from which their forefathers were tom
 by the man-stealer, with a view to the
 introduction of Christianity and the
 Useful Arts there, and the closing of
 the entire eoet ©f Africa against the
 ravages of the slave-trade— that aspect
 of Colonization we heartily concur and
 delight in. The following resolutions
 just adopted by the Legislature of Indi
 ana savor of the right spirit:
 Ji Joint Resolution in relation to the
 Slave Trade.
 Whereas, The policy of suppressing
 the “African Slave Trade” by au
 armed blockade has, upon the whole,
 praved an entire failure, said trade be
 ing as vigorous now as it was before the
 blockade was attempted; And, where
 as, it is likely that England will soon
 make overtures to our General Gov
 ernment demanding a release from all
 treaty stipulation whereby she is ob
 liged to keep her expensive fleet on
 the African coast, tor the suppression
 of the Slave trade; And, whereas, both
 the Government of the United States
 and England are convinced that some
 other plan must he adopted to check
 that traffic; And whereas the settle
 ment of the African coast with colonies
 of civilized colored men is the cheapest
 and best plan of suppressing said
 traffic, being likewise calculated to
 further the work of colonizing oar
 people of color, which plan of suppres
 sing the tade is true American policy;
 Therefore,
 Be it Resolved by the General As
 sembly of the State of Indiana, That our
 Senator and Representatives in Con
 gress be, and they are hereby request
 ed, in the name of the State of Indiana,
 to call for a change of national policy
 on the subject of the “African Slave
 Trade,” and that they require a settle
 ment of the Coast of Africa with colored
 men from tHe United States, and pro
 cure such changes in our relations with
 England as will permit us to transport
 colored men from this country to Afri
 ca, with whom to effect said settlement.
 GEORGE CARR,
 Speaker of the House of Representa
 tives.
 JAMES H. LANE, President of the
 Senate.
 Approved Jan unary 16, 1850.
 Joseph A. Right.
 Things in General. Haynau at
 Home. The following, from a cotem
 porary print, exhibits the progress of
 refinement and humanity among the
 chivairic, intelligent and highly culti
 vated citizens of South Carolina, where
 it appears that a man is to be literally
 cut to pieces, probably for defending
 his own rights. It were better to be
 committed even to the tender mercies
 of the semibarbarians of Missouri.
 “Cowards are cruel,” &amp;c:—
 Two negroes were convicted lest
 week, at Newberiy, S C., for an as
 sault and battery on two white men,
 and one sentenced to receive five hun
 dred lashes: the other to be hung an
 the first day of March next.
 .5 cat -ffua
 Mr. Clat’s Compromise.—Resolu
 tion* have been introduced in the Ma
 ryland Legislature, endorcing the plan
 proposed by Mr. Clay 4 for disposing 0 f
 the Slavery question.
