From the Liberator.
 Slavery in America.
 A public meeting was held in the Stock
 Exchange Hall, Albion street, Leeda, Eng*
 land, on Tuesday evening, January 15th, for
 the purpose of hearing an address on the
 subject of American slavery, by William W.
 Brown, a man of color, and a fugitive from
 slavery. The attendance was good, and but
 for the inclemency of the evening, there is
 no doubt the hall would have been crowded.
 Amongst the gentlemen present on the
 occasion, were noticed on the platform Al
 derman John Wilson, Rev. Thomas Scales,
 Rev. C. Wicksteed, Rev. A. M. Stalker,
 Rev. R. Brewer, Mr. Councillor Town, Ed
 win Baines, Esq., Thoe. Hovey, Esq., Jas.
 Kitson, Esq., Ac., iic.
 Tbe Rev. C- Wicksteed expressed his re
 gret that Robert Jowiti, Esq., who was to
 have taken the chair, could not attend— a cir
 cumstance that Mr. Jowiti regretted as much
 as the meeting would. In his absence, Al
 derman J. Wilson (a Friend) was called to
 tbe chair.
 The Chairman expressed his regret at the
 absence or their much esteemed friend and
 fellow townsman, Robert Jowilt, who was
 one of the oldest and most zealous anti-sla
 very advocates in the town. (Hear, hear.)
 With the object of the meeting he had entire
 sympathy, and he did not think that tbe ques
 tion of slavery, as it existed in America,
 could be too frequently or too prominently
 brought before them; and he trusted that the
 statements to he made to the meeting that
 evening would be such as to induce all pres
 ent to promote tbe extinction of such an evil
 m a land which prided itself in the profession
 of so much liberty and freedom. (Applause.)
 With these observations, he would intro
 duce to them William Wells Brown.
 (Applause.)
 Mr. Brown, who spoke with much effect,
 and in a style of great perspicuity, said the
 subject he had come there to lay before them
 was one he had no need to say should com
 mand itself to the hearts of the English peo
 ple, as it was one in reference to which they
 had shown by their past acts that it not only
 commended itself, but that they daly appre
 ciated it. He occupied that evening a
 strange position, or it might seem so to some,
 He was there from the United States of Ame
 rica, the country of hfs nativity. People
 were so accustomed to speak highly of the
 institutions under which they had been bred
 and reared, that it might seem strange that
 one from the boasted land of liberty, one fiotn
 ‘the land of the free and the home of the
 brave,’ should arraign tbe government of thal
 people before the British public. (Hear,
 hear.) He came there not for the purpose
 of misrepresenting, of praising, or of speak
 ing against the government of America bui
 he came there as the representative of the
 three millions of slaves of America, and ol
 the anti-slaveiy movement of that country.—
 So much had boen said in favor of America
 by Americans who had visited this country,
 that it only seemed proper that some one
 should speak in favor of the slave, who could
 not, and who would not put confidence in the
 slaveholder or Ins apologist who might visil
 England he chose rather to send his own
 representative, one who had himself wore
 the chain of slavery. He should therefore
 speak of slavery as he had seen it, and as he
 knew it to exist in the alaveholding Slates 01
 America. Mr. Brown (says the Leeds Mer
 cury) concluded a most thrilling and elo
 quent address, amidst loud and lepeatec
 plaudits.
 Edward Baines, Esq., rose at the call oi
 the Chairman, to propose a resolution. He
 said the meeting would be glad of an oppor
 tunity, not only of expressing their syrnpa
 thy with the gentleman who bad addressed
 them, and who had given them so interesting
 and instructive a narrative, but also of stating
 to the proud slaveholders of America thal
 the good man, whom they called a chattel,
 the people of England were not ashamed tc
 own as a lellow-nian, as a Christian and s
 brother. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He
 alluded to the almost hopeless position of the
 anti-slavery movement in America, when, bui
 si few years ago, George Thompson, Esq.,
 tbe now M. P. for Tower Hamlets, raised his
 eloquent voice against it in that country, anc
 waa obliged to flee for his life, observing thal
 anch had been the progress of the anti-slavery
 movement since that ume, that although peti
 tions lor the abolition of slavery were prohi
 bited by law from being presented to eiihei
 House of Parliament, now the House ol
 Congress had fur three weeks been brought
 to a dead lock by the evenly balanced slate ol
 patties on this very question. The plea that
 the slaves, if liberated, might some morning
 rise up and cut the throats of their masters,
 he regarded as utterly without foundation.—
 The masters had the army, knowledge, edu
 cation, and everything on their side, which
 could make a small minority submit to the
 rule of a majority. The whole number ol
 •laves did not exceed three millions out of a
 population of twenty millions; whilst in the
 West Indies we had only 30,000 whites to a
 black slave population of 800,000; and yei
 not a single outrage had been committed when
 tbe whole of these slaves were emancipated.
 (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, he called upon
 the meeting to give expression to their opin
 ion by passing the lollowing resolution
 Resolved, That this meeting has listened
 with deep interest and lively sympathy to the
 statements of Mr. Brown, which increase
 their sense of the dreadful injustice and cru
 elty of slavery as it exists in the United
 States that the meeting rejoices at the rapid
 advance of the anti-slavery cause in that
 country, where religion and humanity are
 rousing a large part of the enlightened jMipu
 lation, and of their representatives in Con
 gress, to vindicate the rights of their fellow
 men held in bondage and thal it looks for
 ward with earnest hope to the period when
 the freemen of America shall wipe out the
 foul biot on their escutcheon, and thus take
 the greatest step in the entire suppression ol
 slavery through the world.’
 The Rev. Thomas Scales very cordially
 seconded the resolution, observing that his
 best energies had been devoted iu this great
 and glorious cause. They might think they
 had done much in emancipating the slaves in
 their own colonies, but they ought not to re
 gard their work as done tiU slavery itself
 should cease to exist thioughout the wide
 world. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the influ
 ence of England would be felt in America,
 and convince their brethren on the other side
 of the Atlantic that, however much they
 might admire ihem in other matters, they
 could not hut regard them as dishonored and
 degraded so long as slavery existed in any
 part of the United States. (Applause.)
 The resolution was carried amidst loud
 applause.
 The Rev. Charles Wicksteed stated that
 this wts not the first time he had met their
 friend Mr. Brown, for he had met him iw i
 very splendid place and excellent society, at
 the Peace Congress lately held at Paris,
 where he had seen him shake hands with
 distinguished men of every sect and nation.
 Mr. Brown acknowledged the vote taken
 on tbe resolution, and after singing two anti
 slavery melodies, tbs business of the meet
 ing wss brought to a close by a vote of thanks
 to ths Chairman.
 A Scene in the Senate.
 Last Tuesday in the Senate, during ibo
 morning hour, Mr. Hale presented the pe
 tition of sevem) hundred women of Dover,
 N.JH. protesting against the extension of sla
 ve™ or admission of any more slave States.
 Ths question of reception was raised, but
 the usual motion lo lay on the table failed.
 On this motion, Mr. Douglas took the ground
 that, as the Senate bad decided to receive
 petitioos from the South protesting against
 action, hs should bow vote to tpceive this po
 sition from the North, which ahw protested
 against action. There should be OTWXulefor
 both sections.
 Mr. Butler of South Carolina tried bishop
at patting down Mr. Hale, with what aucceae
 the following report will show:
 Mr. Butter. Mr. Preaident, I have peti
 tion* to offer, resolutions, andfother matters,
 really requiring immediate action; otherwise
 there would be no necessity for acting upon
 them at all. Yet, sir, every morning a gen
 tlemen who is in the minority is monopoli
 zing the whole time of the Senate by peti
 tions,such as this, breeding mischief; and this
 without rebuke, and almost with the counte
 nance o' those who vote for these resolutions.
 Can this be tolerated, that the time of this
 Senate and Legislature of the United States
 shall be appropriated by mischievous incen
 diaries who claim the right to introduce icso
 lutions,memorials,and propositions of this kind
 to the Senate? Why, sir, I have business
 now that I think ought to engage the atten
 tion of the Senate, but I cannot bring it be
 fore them, for every morning that gentlemen
 takes up the whole time. He has the whole
 Senate to himself. A mere minority comes
 here, and makes all this mischief, and stands
 unrebuked, so far as I can see,by the Senate.
 I know, sir, this is a part of his existence.
 I know that, in what I am now saying, I am
 Siving him the food upon which he cui feed.
 [e lives upon mischief. It is the very food
 that sustains him. 1 know lam not rebuk
 ing him. Sir, it is intolerable, that a miser
 able minority, a mischievous incendiary, a
 madman, if you choose to call him so, should
 come here and interfere with the rights of
 other men upon this floor.
 [Amidst cries of Order! Order! he sat down
 inflamed with passion]
 Mr. Hale. I have a word to say, sir, to the
 Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.]
 He says that 1 live upon mischief, and that he
 gives me the food I live on. If that be the
 case, he is responsible for it, and not myself.
 But to be more serious; he is pleased to de
 nounce me as a miserable minority, and com
 plains of my trespassing upon the privileges
 of the Senate. I leave that questiou to be
 decided by tbe community, who it is that tres
 passes upon the time of the Senate. Sit, he
 will have to talk longer, and denounce more,
 before he ean convince me that this has been
 my prerogative.
 I have “taken up the whole time of the
 Senate! 1 Have 1, sir? For two mornings,
 and ouly two, have I presented.anything of
 of this kind since the year 1850 commenced;
 one of them was the othet day, and the other
 was this morning. So far was I from saying
 anything to take up your time, that I confined
 myself simply to stating what the nature of
 the petitions was. The talk did not come
 from the “miserable minority,” but from a
 majority. I will not apply any adjective to
 them, but I have enough at hand, that I could
 use if I chose. The mischief comes from a
 majority, that seeks to tread down the minor
 ity —that desires to make.them more miserable
 than they really are. “Miserable” as we are
 I think the Senator will find out that our pow
 er of speech is not exhausted; and while we
 may exercise it within the privileges of the
 Constitution, he will find that it will be exer
 cised at any and at all hazards.
 We are not to be frightened ojt of our
 rights upon this floor by denunciation, or even
 by the threat of danger personal to ourselves.
 Small and few as we are, we are not misera
 ble cowards that can be frightened from the
 assertion or the maintenance of our rights.
 New Hampshire blood, coursing in New
 Hampshire veins, from the commencement of
 this Government, in the Senate, in the House
 of Representativ&lt; ;s, and upon the field ofbatlle
 has attested her rights; and she has sons that
 will still vindicate those rights against all her
 foes, come when they will, how they will, and
 where they they will. She will not be intimi
 dated by threats, or any language of the sort.
 National Era.
From the National Era.
 Intimidation.
 lie have never known the system of inti
 midation pushed to such an extreme in our
 National Councils as at present. Every de
 mand is a threat—every speaker from the
 Sou’e seems to think himself called upon to
 crack his whip about the ears of Northern
 members, wbo are treated like inferiors, not
 equals. No matter what the language or
 sentiments of resolutions presented from the
 slave States, they are received with profound
 deference,and ordered to be printed. Vermont,
 presuming, as a sister State upon a similar
 reception, is repelled with words of soorn, and,
 though one month ago her resolutions were
 presented, to this hour the Senate has not
 made up its mind whether it will print them
 or not And Northern Senators submit!
 Some people of Wilmington, North Caro
 lina, get together, pass resolutions denouncing
 the fanaticism of the North, in favoj of Slave
 ry, and threatening the Union. Mr. Mangum
 takes occasion to submit them to the Senate,
 accompanying them with a bitter assault on
 the free States, and threatening war, bloody
 war, should they persist in their aggressions.
 The Senate, overawed, graciously receives
 the papers, treating them with marked respect.
 But let a Northern Senator present a petition
 against the extension of Slavery, and thefSen
 ate refuses even to entertain the question of
 its reception I That body is cowed by the
 menaces of the slaveholders.
 “We have but to show our teeth,” said
 Mr. Holmes of the South Carolina, the other
 day, “and the North is frightened.” Great
 was the exultation among Southern members
 on the sth, in the House, wheu so many
 Northern men voted to lay Boot’s resolution
 on the table. Jt was a triumph they had not
 anticipated quite so soon, not dreaming that
 their threats could accomplish so much all at
 once.
 The Northern People, they presume, are
 like their Representatives. They regard them
 as shopkeepers, tame-spirited, eaten up with
 the love of gain. The Richmond Whig, of
 Virginia, commenting upon some belligerent
 remarks in the North American of Philadel
 phia, sneers at the graodiloquent talk of its
 editors, and coolly tells them that they “had
 better stick to the counter.”
 Twice in Congress have menaces of bloody
 conflict within the Capitol been thrown out
 by fllaveholding members. In the Senate.
 Mr. Davis of Mississippi thought the strug
 gle, if Northern men persisted in their ag
 gressions, should commence “here and now,’,
 between the Representatives of the two sec
 tions. Mr. Clingman, in the House, thought
 if the worst came to the worst, not a quorum
 wou'd be left in the Halls of Congress to do
 business.
 While these brutal threats are common in
 both Houses, craven-spirited members from
 the North are writing home letters calculated
 to create a panic among their constituents.
 Mr. Buchanan, a sort of lobby member,
 never feared before for the Union: he does
 now—melancholy are bis forebodings. Gen
 eral Caaa, too, is shaken with alarm; and,
 convervng with one of the Indiana members,
 wbo has been taken under the special care of
 the South, he learns that in the event of a die
 solution of the Union, the State of Indites
 will go with the South Letter-writers do
 their share to get up a Northern panic; end
 the newspapers in Northern cities give curren
 cy to all kinds of fearful rumois. The South
 ern men are determined, they say, to dissolve
 the Union, any bow—they have marked off
 several Confederacies already—the seat of
 Government for the great alaveholdiog con
 federacy is determined upon—no matter what
 the North does now, Disunion moat come.
 One leuer-writer goes so far aa to aay that,
 if neceasaary, six SoutherniSenatora are pre
 pared to vacate their aeats, to let the Wtlmot
 Proviso paea, so that the South may have a
 casus btlU —and the Ntw York Tnhfn* gives
 countenance to the felly!
 WiU the People of the free States permit
 themselves to be imposed on by this trans
 parent trickery 1 Or, admit that all these ex
 hibitions of Southern wrath sad determination
 are to be taken in earnest—are they prepared
 to succumb, and excuse their Representatives
 for abandoning the Ordinance of 18171 If,
 •thdcr jnlMiMfctioa, they now give ap free
territory to Slavery, of what degradation are
 they incapable? What exactions will they
 not suffer, what burdens not bear 1 there
 anything more that slaveholders can ask, ex
 cept the privilege of setting up Slavery with
 in the boundaries of /re* States If prepared
 to do and suffer all the slave Power demands,
 we hope they will say so, in some authentic
 way, so as to enable Congress to ootne to a
 speedy settlement of the controversy- Let
 them meet together is Conventions in the
 seven! States, and pass some such resolutions
 as the following:
 That, as slaveholders will tolente no
 Union in which their claims to supreme power
 is not acknowledged, therefore, we cheerfully
 assent to this claim, now sod forever, provid
 ed they allow us, without molestation, to de
 vote ourselves to the plough, the loom, .and
 the anvil.
 If this do not suit tehm. and if they really
 do cherish a purpose to maintain the rights of
 the majority, to keep free territory free and
 secure the ascendsncyof the Principle of Free
 dom in the Federal Government, we submit
 whether they ought not to hold a Maas Con
 vention of all the friends of Liberty through
 out the country, on the 4th day of July next,
 or earlier, at some central point, when and
 where they may take into consideration the
 proceedings of the Convention of the Friends
 of Slavery, to be held at Nashville in June
 next.
THE NORTH STAR.
Rochester, February 22,1850.
Th* North Star ip sometimes sent to friends
 wbo do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for tha same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Dougi.ass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
{^Wanted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Present Aspect of Anti-Slavery Affairs
 at Washington.
 It is deeply painful and mortifying to ob
 serve.that the cry ot Disunion,” raised by
 the South, has already so far accomplished
 its purpose, as to alarm the members of Con
 gress into a retrograde movement on the sub
 i ject of slavery. It strikes us, that there is
 either a subtle defect in the very organization
 of Northern men, or a marked superiority in
 the composition of Southern men for in all
 controversies between the two, the latter
 have come off victorious. A most humiliat
 ing illustration of this has been all along
 1 presented in the proceedings of the present
 Congress. Northern men have shown, in
 their conduct, that they have inherited the
 blood, without the spirit of their ancestors
 r Phrenologists would say, (judging of North
 ern paleness, induced by Southern bluster,)
 that the organs of caution and acquisitive
 ness had been cultivated at the expense of the
 oigans of firmness and destructiveness. The
 f poor Northern Whigs and Democrats, in
 Congress, have been so completely overawed
 by the haughty woman-doggers of the South,
 that they have recently voted twice against
 the principle ot the Wilmot Proviso; and in
 one case, they even voted against the very
 words of the Declaration of Independence.
 This occurred in the House; while in the
 Senate of the United States, a scene has
 lately transpired, which, if possible, exceeds
 in infamy and disgrace the shocking develop
 ments of aposiacy in the House.
 Never has the Right of Petition been more
 ruthlessly assailed, nor more wantonly tram
 pled on, than it was in the Senate a few
 days since. A petition, clothed in respectful
 language, asking for a peaceful dissolution
 of the Union, was virtually spurned from the
 Chamber by our lordly seoatora, and not even
 permitted the ordinary privilege of reference
 to a Committee. Out of all the liberty-loving
 Hungarian-welcoming and despot-despising
 members pf that body, only THREE—Sew
 ard, Hale, and Chase, were found ready tc
 vindicate the sacred right of petition—the
 poor privilege of prayer. The American
 Senate in its action on this question, has set
 an example of usurpation which deserves the
 sternest rebuke. The members pf that body
 are elected by the people, to legislate for the
 country; and for the performance of this duty
 they receive a suitable emolument. We pre
 sume that it never entered the minds of the
 fiaroera pf the Constitution, that the Senate
 of the United States should have the ppwpi
 of determining, for the people, for what they
 shall or shall not petition. The assumption
 of this power, on the part of the Senate, ii
 an invasion of the rights of the people, sc
 flagrant and so dangerous, that the whole
 land should reverberate with indignant pre
 tests against it. Upon the reasoning adopted
 by the Senate, a petition on almost any 01
 every subject, might be rejected, withoul
 reference or consideration. These legislator!
 should be*taught that they are not elected to
 tell the people what they want, but to give
 them what they ask; or, at least, to givt
 them reasons for not granting what they ask.
 Rut why should we attempt to define the
 rights of the people, or the limits ot the
 Senate’s power Such an effort implies, on
 our part, a belief, that the people of this
 country entertain an honest lore of liberty
 Slid a sincere detestation of slavery, and that
 they only need to have the evil exposed, and
 the wrong pointed out, to adopt spcfi mea
 sures as are necessary to remedy the evil,
 and to redress the wrong. It would be the
 veriest affectation in us to indicate any such
 belief. A knowledge of the state of the
 public mind, and of tbe public conscience,
 leaves no alternative or conclusion for the
 judgment to rest upon, but the utter hollow
 ness and hypoerisy of the nation, in its pro
 fessions of attachment to Liberty. We are
 laughed to scorn by our own mocking spirit,
 when we speak on this subject, as though the
 people only needed light! We opoe cher
 ished that amiable delusion. It has now
 vanished. Nothing short of the scorpion
 lash of mingled soern, contempt and ridicule,
 seems capable of rousing in the masses, any
 thing like sensibility ot eelf-rsepeet.
 We have been both surprised and shocked
 to find to little indignation and asloojshmpot
 provoked by tbe insulting and high-banded
 violation of the Constitution, on the part of
 the Senate, in its recent outrage on the Right
 of Petition; not have we been leap aston
 ished to find so little of honest rebuke admin
 istered, by the Northern press, to the miser
 able Northern apostates, who meanly ate
 their words, tamed their beck* upon tbeif
 professions, hewed their ftilfff knees to the
dark spirit of slavery, tnd voted with the
 slaveholders of the Sooth egsiost the very
 principles which they were sent to Congress
 to protect asd to vindicate. Vsrfly, Slavery
 has wroogfat an evil work In the land! It
 has not merely unmanned and brutalised the
 slave; hot k has also, poisoned the life-blood
 of Americas Liberty, and bumbled the pride
 and spirit of the North into the very dost
 r. d.
Editorial Items.
 Tub Editor of tbs Anti-Slavery Standard
 seems to confess his inability to understand
 how an anti-slavery fair £iay prove a moral
 as well as a financial failure.*' This is la
 mentable. We can, perhaps, help him a
 little in this natter, by staling the proposition
 in a more logical form than that originally
 published in the North Star. Thai measure
 which fails to produce a good moral effect, fails
 morally; and, ergo, is a moral failure. —r. n.
 We are sorry to observe that the receipts
 of the Standard, from its subscribers, from
 the first of January to the first of February,
 amounted only to one hundred and seventeen
 dollars—a sum wholly inadequate to its sup
 port. —F. D.
 The article which refers to the action of
 the Legislature of Indiana, on the subject of
 Colonization, should have been accredited to
 the New York Tribune. It is a great pity
 that the Tribune should, just at this time,
 feel called upop to favor, even in the most
 qualified manner, the unhallowed scheme of
 colonization. If any one thing awakens in
 our inmost soul a detestation more intense
 and bitter than another, it is the idea that it
 is necessary to remove the colored man from
 this land, in older to effect his elevation. We
 regard this proposition .emanating from whom
 it may, as being a most scandalous and im
 pudent one, that the colored man cannot
 prosper here, in the land of his birth, in a
 climate adupled to his health, where labor is
 abundant and well rewarded, where the pre
 judice against him is rapidly disappearing
 where, we ask, under the broad canopy of
 Heaven, can he prosper ?—r.'o.
 Do our readers carefully read the Poet’s
 Corner of the North Star I If they do not,
 they make what seems to us a great mistake,
 by which they themselves are the greatest
 losers. We not only have there, from week
 to week, a collection of choice pieces, from
 poets ot established celebrity, but we often
 have original pieces, from persons of our own
 despised race, which would reflect no discre
 dit on the fame of some who have won the
 high appellation of poet. It is, indeed, a
 source of ineffable pleasure to our heart, to
 be able to stand at this point, and to see,
 rising up all around, men of talent, and even
 of genius, who are aspiring to the higher
 walks of literature, and are thus nobly refut
 ing the monstrous and atheistical idea oi
 natural inferiority, so often suggested in re
 ference to our people.—r. p.
 Gekrit Smith.—-We have just had a call
 fmm, and a refreshing interview with this
 great and good man. He had come to out
 city to be present at the funeral of a family
 relative, to whom we alluded last week. We
 feH it excessively kind of him to seek us out,
 doting his short stay, and to give us tbii
 proof that bis is a heart large enough to re
 ceive and shelter every member of the human
 family, of whatever country, clime or color,
 he may be. Not a member of our home
 circle, but who felt the better for his cheering
 influence and instructive conversation. What
 a world should we have, were it peopled with
 such men as Gerrit Smith His whole soul
 seems to be occupied with thoughts as to how
 he may best advance the well-being of his
 race. God bless and preserve this man I —f.d.
 It is highly gratifying to learn, that our
 New York friends are awakening to the
 importance of extending the circulation of,
 and otherwise sustaining the North Star.
 We are assured pf a strong desire, on the
 part of a number of ladies, to hold a Fair in
 New York city, for its benefit during anni
 versary week in the month of May next.
 This manifestation of interest is highly cre
 ditable to fhem, and excites our deepest gra
 titude.—r. p.
 It will be seen, by reference to a circular,
 emanating from the Executive Committee ol
 the American and Foreign Anti-Slavery So
 ciety, that an extensive plan of petitioning
 the general government, op various points
 connected with the anti-alavery agitation, is
 proposed. The measure, if carried out, must
 result in good to the cause of the slave, in
 that it will add to the general agitation.
 Every abolitionist should be active in the
 work qf petitioning although such petitions
 should be treated with indignity, and even
 hurled back in the face of the petitioners, as
 is likely to be the case.— r. d.
 T«e Apti-Slayery Bugle is qne of the best
 anti-slavery papers with which we exchange.
 Its Editor has the faculty of compressing a
 wide range of intelligence into the narrowest
 possible space. Such a paper ought to re
 ceive the hearty and abundant support of the
 abolitionists of Ohio. f. n.
 Wiuua* Jay.—The last among the many
 good things, which this gentleman has per
 formed, is the searching examination and ter
 rible exposure which he has made of Clay's
 Compromise Resolutions. His letter, ip the
 Evening Post, on this subject, is s masterly
 performance, and will, doubtless, prove the
 musns of opening the eyes of many who
 were rushing, blindfolded by the eloquent
 sophistry of Clay, to the support of his adroit
 scheme to dofeat the exclusion of slavery
 front the Territories.—r. p.

 The strange and not jet accoontod-far
 knocking which has, for soma time, engaged
 the attention of p»py credulous persons in
 this city, hi making quite a noise in the world
 just now. Hie papers, in all directions, are
 copying long accounts of this mysterious
 something, which is represented to have come
 to let u« into the mysteries ef the future state.
 Well, it's an easy thing to make a noise in
 the world! Moat of our citizens, we balieva,
 have decided to pursue their own business,
 undisturbed by the little mischief-maker, ft
 now goes on as nsnal, however, in its ooijne
 of throwisg over tables, raising chain, tast
 ing about tedtsa' garments, playing an the
 piano, |nd performing other wild and erratic
 capers, which give it the appearance of being
 anything than useful, and tend to remove
 all solemn impressions even from tbp minds
 of Us Mjevera —r o-
Tk« Pim Mkn of XtwaekoMtU.
 Hon. Hoary Wilooo, Foot Whittier, and
 Hon. Milton Earle, have issued a thrilling
 call, for a contention of the Free Soil
 Party,” to be bold in Faaoail Hall, Boston,
 on the 97th., February.
 Sotnetbiag of their spirit nay be fathered
 froa the following extract, eel from their call:
 “At any and every hssard—their fixed un
 alterable purpose under the Constitution and
 within the Union to arrest tbs extension of
 Slavery into the territories now free,—to
 abolish the Slave Trade and Slavery in the
 District of Colombia—to reiievs the Federal
 Government from all connection with and re
 sponsibility for Slavery,—and to place the
 Government openly, actively and perpetually
 on the side of freedom. The people and the
 people alone can avert the timid action ol
 their representatives and reassure the oppo
 nents of Slave Extension.
 “In this crisis, the true friends of Liicbty
 and Union, in Massachusetts, are called upon
 to assemble in Faneuil Hall, where their fath
 ers were wont to meet, in the dark and troub
 led days of the Revolutionary contest. The
 Committee would urgently press upon their
 fellow citiseus, the importance of taking im
 mediate measures to secure a full attendance,
 of firm, true, and wise men, who will devote
 one day in an honest effort to reseue liberty
 now periled—the Union now madly assailed.”
 If the above were a fair type of the general
 eealiment and spirit of the North, no power
 beneath the sun, could carry slavery into the
 new territories. It that vile accumulation ol
 guilt and infamy shall be fastened upon the
 Free Soil of New Mexico, the responsibility
 for the outrage must fall upon the North
 for if Slavery shall go there, it will be in con
 sequence of Northern indifference on the one
 hand, and Northern votes on the other.—-r. o.
Eighteenth Annnal Report of the Mas
 sachusetts Anti-Slavery Society.
 We welcome this document, for which we
 here been impatiently looking, as we would
 the face of an old and dear friend. We have
 read it With deep interest, and have given our
 readers a taste of its quality on the first page
 of this week’s paper. From the name of the
 Report readers might infer that it embraced
 and treated of matters merely oi a local char
 acter. Such, however, is not the fact. It is
 a most complete and philosophical history of
 the various events connected with the ques
 tion of slavery, which have transpired
 throughout the whole country, from January
 1849 to January 1850. This Report is from
 the pen of Edmund Quincy, Esq.; and his
 name is a sufficient guarantee for the literary
 ability and philanthropic fidelity with which
 the work is performed. We hope to enrich
 our columns with extracts from this invalu
 able document, in future numbers of the
 North Star.— f. d.
O*. Liberty what deeps are dome im
 thy name !”—We hare copied the following
 list of Advertisements from single number
 of the St. Louis Republican. To each of
 the advertisements, as it stood in the Repub
 lican, is prefixed the figure of a human being,
 as if in the act of running. We have no
 such figures nor prints in our office, to en
 able us to follow copy but the reader must
 supply them for himself. Think of a respect
 able newspaper, representing the moral senti
 ment of the roost influential paipt pf the ppm
 munity, stringing together, in its long col
 umns, in company with horses, sheep, and
 swine, the figures of thirty or forty human
 beings, to be disposed of in the same market
 with the former. In view of such advertise
 ments, how scandalously wicked is the state
 ment made by Mr. Lee, declaring that the
 moral obligations resting on the slaveholder,
 are fully recognised at the South, and that
 slaves are well treated. There, is, perhaps,
 no charge which slaveholders more stoutly
 and perseveringly deny, than the charge of
 brptal indifference to the feelings and wants
 of the slave, as a man. There is not one,
 among all who carry on the infernal traffic in
 human flesh, who does not flatter himself that
 he is a hind and amiable master. He can
 hunt his slave with a bloodhound lacerate
 his back with a benumbing and deadening
 colt; cause the blood to flow with a piercing
 cowskin sell a babe from the bosom of in
 mother; sunder the bonds pf marriage;
 darken and blight the understanding, and yet
 console himself with the idea that he is a
 kind, and gentle and that the pool
 slave, wfAaut such a protector would soon
 reach a depth pf misery, pf which he Pan
 now scarcely [conceive Oh, the deceitful
 ness of sin! the perverseness of the human
 heart! That human nature can be so harden
 ed and so depraved, is as humiliating as it it
 appalling. But here are the advertisements.
 They speak for themselves.—r. d.
 Negroes for sale,and wanted'—seam
 stress, two sprightly girls, 18 and 13 yeari
 old; a boy J 5, two men, and several gooc
 women for sale, from the country. Thi
 highest cash price paid for negroes of every
 description, at our depot, 03 Olive st„ where
 we are prepared to receive and board oegroei
 brought imp the market for sale,having a goo«
 jail and yard. Blake y dr McAfee.
 B. M. LYNCH— Suocessor to White A
 Tooley—No. 104 Locust street, St.Lonis,Mo
 is prepared to pav the highest prices, in cash
 for good and likely Negroes, or will fnrnisl
 boarding for others in comfortable quarters
 under secure fastenings. He will also attorn
 to the sale and purchase of negroes on com
 mission.
 ItyNegroea for sale at all times.
 Negroes wanted— The highest cash prim
 will be paid fot all descriptions of Negroes,by
 the undersigned, who c*n always be found a
 the Planters’ Houae, St. Louis, Missouri.
 B. W. Powell.
 Runaway Notice.—Was committed tc
 jail in the eounty of Ste. Genevieve, State
 of Missouri, on the 19th day of December,
 1849, as a runaway alaye, a negro boy, who
 call# himself General; aged about 16 yean;
 abqut 5 feet nigh; a mulatto; had on an old
 cloth cap, casaimere pants, blue roundabout
 coat, white pleted bosom shirt; says be be
 longs to two gentlemen by the name of Con
 ner, whoreside in the town* of Memphis,
 and to McAfee of the city of St. Lewie.
 The owner of said slave is hereby notified
 to make application, andjpay charges for said
 slave within three months frpqj this date,
 otherwise he will be eold on Wednesday, the
 80th day of March next, (I 860) at the court
 honee doer, m the city of Ste. Genevieve, to
 the highest bidder for cash, in accordance
 with th« statute in such oases made and pro
 vided. W. C. Varner.
 Sheriff Ste. Genevieve Co. Mo.
 Arkansas, on the «th day of Oat. 1849.
 betdad^SioJ 4
was formally tbt property of William F.
 Esq., diwsd lata of this place.
 Tba abort reward will be given for the ap
 prehension sad detection of Mid boy in any
 J" 1 State to the Union, so that 1
 get hiaa; half the anaoent if appeahawded and
 committed to jail in Arkaaeae!^^
 B. H. Neely.
 Fon hied— Several yoong negroes, male
 and female, suitable for house servants or
 aaraes.
 Enquire south-east come rof Pine sad
 Eighth attests.
 Fob sale —I wish to sell privately, an ex
 cellent Dining-room Servant Boy, aged about
 years, very likely and of good character.
 Tnoa. N. Welch,
 City Hotel.
 Two HUNDRED AND MITT NEGROES WAN
 TED.—From the ages of 19 to 30, men, wo
 men boys sod girls, for whieh I will pay the
 highest cash price; sod gentlemen of the city
 of St. Louis and the State of Missouii will do
 well to give me a call befote selling at any of
 the negro yards, as they buy and sell in this
 market and speculate upon the people here at
 home, and I buy for another market, and can
 afford to pay better prioes than they can pay.
 I can be found at Barnum’s City Hotel at
 all times. Gentlemen that should call and
 not find me in, will leave their namea on a
 note book and their numcers in the City
 Hotel office. J. M. Heady.
 Negro ron sale— l will sell to the highest
 bidder for cash, at the Court House door, on
 Fourth street, in the city of St. Louie, by or
 der of the St. Louie Probate Court, a negro
 Woman named Priscilla, aged about forty
 years. Sale will tike place at 11 o’clock,
 a. m, on the 10th day of January, 1850.
 John. F. Dabby,
 Admin, of the estate of Louis Constant dec.
 For sale—The undersigned will on Mon
 day, the 14th iost., between the hours of 10
 a. u. and 4p. m ,at the east end of the St.
 Louis Court House, sell to the highest bidder
 for cash, a likely negro Man, apout 39 years
 of age, belonging to the estate of William
 Laaley, deed.
 John F. Nelson, Adm’r de bonis non.
 Negroes foe sale—We offer for sale a
 likely negro man, sound and healthy, aged 2d
 years. Also, two girls, aged 9 and 19 years,
 logethei with a very likely house girl, aged
 15 years, all from the country and well raised.
 Also two house women aged 30 and 35
 years, good Cooks, Washers and Ifoners
 We are also prepared to pmy the highest
 prices for negroes at our Yard N 0.93 Olive at.
 Blaxey McAfee.
 A Black Stator to Tbomas Carlyle.—
 Pleasant is it to record the ready gratitude
 of bodies of men. Well, Thomas Carlyle,
 the man who, with hia iron pen, prtcks“wind
 bags;” who, with his Vulcanic fist, knocks
 down the gisnt “Sham,”—Thomas Carlvle
 ia to be rewarded by the West India plantar*
 for hia late advocacy of “benehcent whip,”
 and the Kentuckian wrath with which he has
 all but destroyed emancipated*Black Quashee,’
 the wretch who will not work among sugar
 canes, unless well paid for his sweat, prefer
 ring to live upon pumpkin! to be, in fact, a
 free, luxurious cilixen of accursed Punpkin
 dom. Thomas Carlyle is to be vicariously
 executed in blsck marble, and to atand in (he
 moatjconspicuous spot of the island of Jam
 aica, with a pumpkin fashioned into a stan
 dish ip one hand, apd the sugar-cane pointed
 and nibbed into a pen in the other.
 So should it be done unto the man whom
 the slaveholder delights to honor.
 There will be copies in little—statuettes—
 for the American market, to grace the man
 tel-shelf pfthe Viagipian man-buyer. (Punch.
A Picture of Northern Servility to
 Southern Slavery,
 Tbe following is from the Independent, and
 is probably compiled by Joshua Leavitt.
 What a disgusting catalogue of instances of
 base truckling*, on the part of the North, to
 tbe slave power. This catalogue should be
 in the hands of every abolition lecturei, and
 ought to be used by him to shame Northern
 men into tbe appearance, if not the reality of
 independence.*-?, p.
 Mr. Qodey, finding that'syoophancy while
 it worked admirably at the South was injuring
 him at the North, replaced the name of Grace
 Greenwood on his covers, without her know
 ledge or consent! On being informed of this
 characteristic act, this gifted authoress pub
 lished a card disavowing all connection with
 the Book.” which ought henceforth
 to be styled Godey’s Sycophsntic Magazine.
 A year or more ago Mr. Godey published
 in hi Dollar Newspaper” a very humble
 confession, that he had scrupulously en
 deavored to avoid the most distnat allusion m
 Ike subject of slavery.
 But Mr. Gadey is not the only member of
 the Sycophantic Association. A neighbor
 of his, the American Sunday School Union,
 last yeaT suppressed, or as they expressed it!
 ‘‘dropt from the catalogue’W of their stereo
 typed books of sixteen years’ standing, at the
 dictation of one of their Southern Vice-Presi
 dents because in the work—“Jaeob and Hia
 Stana”-~there was a definition of American
 Slavery written in mild language.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church had, says
 the Western Citizen as a card for member
 ship in one of their Societies, a picture repre
 senting some view of Liberty and the Gospel
 operating upon the slave scene in the distance.
 This scene was found to be so unpleasant tt
 the Slaveholders thst it was carefully erased,
 and fair white figuree made to fill the place
 of the blacks!
 The impartial Citizen says that a relative
 of F. Garre taon, who waa in hia early years
 a Slaveholder, prepared hia memoir for pub
 lication. In it waa mentioned the faet that
 F. G bad become perauaded of the sin ol
 Slaveholding, had freed his slaves, and peace
 of conscience was the result. The MSS.
 were sent to the Methodist Episcopal Book
 Concern for publication, by whom the above
 faet waa stricken out.
 The Old School Presbyterians, offended at
 the mutilations which had been perpetrated,
 from time to time, on ike hymns of the good
 J&gt;». Watts, opposed to issue a perfect and
 unaltered edition of “Watts’s Psalms and
 behold when the book was pub
 lished,it w|sa perfect transcript of the original
 edition—except that sundry verses and some
 entire hymns, in which there were ailasieor
 to Slavery were omitted!
 We remember, says the Citizen, the nu
 merous instances of religious and Other books,
 reprinted from Idondou editions, from which
 4nti.Slavenr paragraphs and chapters were
 cot, by the Helpers and other publishers, for
 fear of offending the Sonth. Mias Sedgwick
 wrote a book a few vean ago, which
 aorno unwelcome u'utfi shoot “Southern Ip
 aututioua.” The South fintad fault, and tbe
 Harpers promised not to publish soy mors of
 thst objectionable sort. So ia ’42 Judge Jay
 furnished Professor Ron wick with MSS. from
 which to write the life of his illustrious fa
 ther, Juum Jay. To suit his owu taste, and
 to please the Harpers, Prof. R. so mutilated
 the Life of Jay as tolfalsify his position on tbs
 Slavery qnestion. kludge Jay
 through the columns of ibe N. Y. American
 In 1817, J. K. Paulding puMiahed bis Lot
 te™ from tbs South. Among other thinn he
 A-eriM g.ng „f Sl.™. .odT.«
 .h. fcr Ki». P. aiding boo.™ "„T
 drdate for office, and upon the aeeessk* of
 Mr. Van Burts tg tbs Presidency, Mr. Paul
 dmg waa mads Bseistary of ths Navy. But
 during tbs canvass a new edition of ths Lst
 loro »Mpablub«d,do-
lion of aoontt which would folkfll abolition
 at tbo South, and of tbo hue of that “fanau
 ciam” at the North, with aoeurato dslioaa
 tiooa of tbo reception which abolitionism had
 already met with—all which wae altered in
 the language of propheay, purporting to have
 been written io 1847, hut in fact ia 1838, after
 be bad beheld thebeeult of the agitation at the
 Noith.
 Baa croft, the historian, soon after the pub*
 Ikmtion of hie first volume, and while he
 foughi. school at Northampton, Maas, referred
 the writer to a chapter on Slavery, which he
 believed would please abolitiooiat*. Soon af
 tar he bad political aapiiatiooa, aad ia tbe
 naxt edition struck out and amended so aa to
 remove all matter distasteful to the South.
 He too received a seat in the Cabinet.
 Longfellow, the poet—but very few Poets
 of any age or country have yielded to tha
 Slave Power—made some suppressions to
 suit Southern readers. Time would fail to
 enumerate all the American authors who
 have stultified themselves to please their
 Slaveholding readers. Some have had their
 reward—some are expecting it—and some
 have experienced that "hope deferred rack
 et h the heart sick.” But we detain the rea
 der too long from a peruaal of the article
 from the Independent written by one of our
 most popular orators, and applicable to others
 beside Mr. Godey.
 4 MIN IN THE MARKET.
 If any of our readeis, befogged by patriotic
 literature, or mystified by Scripture, have in
 clined to believe all men born with the right
 to be free, let him read the following letter,
 and recant hia enrol.
 {Here was inserted Godey’s letter to the
 editors of the Columbia Telgeraph.)
 This is a letter written wuhin sound of the
 old Independence bell that baa swung so long
 in Philadelphia, “proclaiming liberty to the
 captive.’’ We do noi know which end to
 touch of this monstrous meanness. We may
 aa well dismiss al! faatidiousnes about our
 hands, and take bold baldly. And so Grace
 Gieenwood has gone off from that cover
 “where it [her namejwaa placed nominally as
 editoi she never having had the least control
 over its columns.” Ah, dear Grace, we are
 glad with you for this confession, aad shall
 love you better for it as long as we live.
 Not to have uttered a word for freedom for
 twenty years ia a sterling virtue with this fel
 low. To have spoken a word against the
 gulf stream of abominations that deeply and
 darkly flows all around the southern shore, ia
 food for repentance. The very report of it
 ia more than he can bear. I have not seen
 the article in your paper alluded to, and should
 like to receive it” The very suspicion of be
 ing manly was not to be endured. Down he
 goes on bis knees, begging pardon for every
 thing possible in a lump, and ready for spec
 ial contrition whenever the “paper alluded to
 should oome to uand.”
 Why do not Hope, or Slitter, or Bruin,
 or Hill stop their dangerous trick of kidnap
 ping black men at the peril of piiaone and
 fines, and oome a little further north and take
 men with white skins, and livers whiter yet?
 The Slaves so got would be much more docile
 and obsequious; and there would be little or
 no risk of courts and sheriffs. Tha follow
 that wrote that line about Graee Greenwood,
 and about Sartaia’s rival Magasine, might he
 kidnapped without violating any statute
 which forbids the enslaving of Men. Ha
 might prosecute under the set for sheep-steel,
 ing; hut the penalty ia light, if the fleece is
 worth the trouble of stealing.
 The publisher says, “I have been publish
 ing the Lady a Book for twenty years, and if
 m that time one lint can bo found aspersing in
 any way Southern Institutions I am willing lo
 foil under your censure.” If fo that long pe
 riod he has spokan oue woid of humanity—if
 he has uttered one sentiment of justice—if he
 has contributed one spark to the fire of patri
 uttara—if there has breathed one stans% of
 poetry for Right—ii he has had in his Maga
 ame one word in favor of love, of the family
 of the sacred relations of parent and chiM
 husband and wife, mother and sister—then he
 has sspersed Southern Institutions; whose
 very foundations are laid in the negation of all
 these. la this the magazine for our sons and
 daughters to read?
 Where is Box Brown? He ought to draw
 out a chart of every step by which he escaped
 from the meanest depths of Slavery, and send
 it to this Magasine, that the infamous crowd
 of pilgrims seeking to become slaves may have
 something to steer by.
 We are becoming acquainted with tbe
 struggles of slaves to become freemen we
 are also to learn how easily freemen become
 slaves without a struggle. Every rood of
 ground from the Potomac to the Gulf has
 at me wretch,unlettered, untaught, who, with
 out book or teacher, vindicates by hia irre
 pressible aapirat.ona for freedom, his title u»
 he man. The Slave’s darkened eye has
 never read a word in our noble Decleration, or
 a line in that Book from which it sprang but
 the law’ of Nature and of God written on hia
 heart he has deeply pondered. All tha rubs
 and grindings of poverty and oppression have
 not effaced une letter of it. By this sacred
 instioct they have burst all restraints—turned,
 to the North Star and to God for guidence and
 protectioh and groping by night and hidden
 by day, or half smothered in ships’ holds, and
 boxed up in cubic inches not enough tor a
 child, with weariness, hunger, foar and faint
 ness, they have sought a place of freedom.—
 The fesr of bondage swallowing up all other
 fear, as did Moses’s serpent-rod all other rods.
 God’s blessing on every such fugitive! They
 are worthy of liberty. A slave who knows
 his rights and is determined to be free, is more
 a freeman and more a man than bis master
 who denies hia rights and clutches at him for
 Slavery.
 This same {road ia mow thronged with a
 motley crowd traveling southward, as anxious
 lot the shame of supple servility as tbe slave
 a for the manliness of liberty. They hang
 themselves up in the shambles of every South
 ern market. They trust the pliant good na
 ture ot the North, and are only fearful lest
 they shall foil to be mean enough to nlease
 he Sooth. r
 Are these the men who are to direct the
 eading of our children Are their maga
 unea to lie upon eur tables Are publishers
 o emasculate every transatlantic book, until
 t wilt pass onrrent at the South Are our
 chool-book publishers timidly to weigh every
 vord, and let our children grow up ignorant
 tow to spell the words slave, oppression,tyrant.
 rat tbe South should be offended
 We do not say that the North should stand
 p tor Northern rights far there is no -rrh
 ding as Northern rights. But we do aav
 list every man, North or South, should stand
 p for the rights of Mm; aad that truckling
 illowa in high places should meet the rebuke
 nd buffet ot every one who has an instinct to
 tent the approach of meanness, or a heart
 ith which to roll indignation upon H.
To OB* English Faitsi» and Coaax
 spom dints. —It ib wi'j deep regret that we
 hear, through out friend, A. H. R., of New
 caMle, that our papers have not been regular*
 Ijr received of late. We eaa eel; state that
 they have been punctually mailed for Eng
 land ,and that no neglect bee occurred, in thin
 wspect, in our office. —r. o.
 The Executive Committee
 Of the Western New York Anti-Slavery
 Society, are requested to meet at the houae of
 Isaac Post, 38 Sophia Meet, ee Saturday
 February 83, at o'clock punctually.
 JOHN DICK, &amp;e y.
 Mr. Calxoch.—Mr. Calhoun is said stiH

