Tht Question of Labor.
 “The Bights, Wrongs and Hopes of La
 bor” waithe theme of an evening’s eloquent
 discount by Dr. William Elder, of Philadel
 phia, JMt week, at Washington Hall, in this
 city. The great question of labor in its re
 lit** to Capital,—of which it has been said,
 *‘lfcestudious everywhere are pondering it—
 tie philanthropic everywhere, unintentionally
 eften, and indirectly are strengthening it —it
 reminds one of the fabled sphinx sitting by
 the wayside, it demands of the politician, the
 philanthropist, and the Christian, “Unriddle
 me thia riddle, or I will devour thee—How
 to employ and pay the peoplel”—was dis
 cussed by a man who combines the roosi
 genial humor with a profound and far-reach
 ing, philosophy and consecrates both to the
 cause of humanity, and great was the satis
 faction all present experienced.
 Mr. Eldet beautifully portiayed the icU nti
 ty of labor and capital, the advantages oi co
 operative industry, the futility of “strikes’"
 and organized antagonisms generally, and
 the tendency of the age to associative enter
 prise. Nothing ia gained, he remarked, by
 (be laborer in combinations against wealth.
 The spirit which prompts fraternity to break
 down the power of capital equality impels an
 unity among caphalisls to maintain its power.
 The former pursues its object without the aid
 which the latter, in its own defence, can so
 readily command. Hence, all combinations
 against capital, save in a very limited and
 partial degree, had been unsuccessful, and
 would alwsys be. The true philosophy was
 for labor to count, to coSx, to solicit capital
 —to form an alliance with it—to make use
 of iu power for right purposes—in a word,
 to render identical labor and capita], and by
 co-operative industry and associative action
 accomplish that which the two, in indepen
 dent positions, in opposition to each oilier,
 never could hope to effect.
 This was the idea of the discourse. We
 pretend to present only that. For the rich
 imagery, the touching illustrations, the elo
 quent language of the speaker, our readers
 should have listened. We hope yet to
 present passages from a verbatim report, if any
 phonographer was fortunate enough to make
 one. In lieu of that, at this time, we may
 lemark that the suggestions which the lec
 turer threw out were not merely the fanciful
 conceptions of a warm-hearted enthusiast,
 gjowingwith thoughts whichthe impracticabil
 ity of our present civilization will not allow ol
 realisation, but the calm, carefully conceived,
 prudently-digested,deliberately-adopted philo
 sophy of an earnest, whole-souled man, who
 has made the evils of society his study and
 offers plans for their remedy with heaven
 inspiring confidence in their efficacy. —New
 Eng. Washingtonian.
The Canadian Question in England.
 The London Times of the 29th ult, in a
 long article on the subject of Canada, winds
 up by saying
 When we have to deal with elements so
 violent and capricious, it is almost idle to cal
 culate their action on the principles of reason,
 justice, or self-interest itself. The orbit of a
 comet that sweeps rapidly across the heavens
 once in two centuries, can be calculated with
 tolerable certainty but who can measure and
 predict the humors and vagaries of spoilt
 children, or any self-willed, unprincipled
 mind It is, however, evident, and will
 probably have some weight, even with the
 Canadians, that by annexation they would
 give up a good certainty (or a very problem
 atical advantage. All things considered, a
 Canadian settler is in a most enviable condi*
 tion. There is not a being in the whole world
 pretending to civilization, who is so lightly
 taxed. For all the actual expenses of gov
 ernment the Canadian population have to pay
 about 2s Id a head, the rest of their taxation,
 which ia not much, being the interest on a
 debt contracted for roads, canals, and other
 improvements, likely before long to be re
 munerative to the province. From those
 taxes which an American citizen pays to the
 federal government, the Canadian is en
 tirely free, as they are borne by the mother
 country. The recent acts of the Imperial
 Legislature have deprived Canada of a pro
 tection from which it never derived any sub
 stantial and permanent advantage, while the
 repeal of the navigation laws has given new
 facilities for the disposal of her produce, and
 the employment of her ships. Whatever'
 the effect of that measure on the rest of our
 empire, there can be no doubt that Canada
 will have a large share of its benefits. Her
 commercial relations with the United States,
 we would hope, are still under revision. An
 entire freedom of trade between the two
 countries would be for the benefit of both, j
 and certainly is deseived by the high and
 generous spirit which lias animated the coun
 sels of the British Legislature on these im
 portant questions. We are well awate thatj
 a large party in the United States believe,
 that by continuing and even aggravating the
 present barrier of customs against Canada,!
 they will ultimately fotce her into annexation. j
 Such a consideration we hold to be foreign to
 a question of commerce or of customs, and
 unworthy of the giowing friendship between
 England and the United States. “All these
 things,” as old Homer says, “lie in the lap
 of the gods.” Whether Canada is one day
 to add her start to the Union, is as purely
 conjectural as the possible disruption of the
 Union itself. It is, however, certain, that if
 England is really destined to lose her last
 footing on the continent ot the New World,
 that event will not be caused, or much has
 tened, or much retarded, by any tricks of
 legislation. All the.power attainable by sucb
 devices, is that of doing ill what Heaven will
 otherwise do well.
From Ned Buntline’a Own.
 Treason, ‘Black and Monstrous.*
 1 hare just read the report of a body oi
 creatures who were assembled at Syracuse,
 in this Slate, on the 10th day of January, call
 ing their assemblage the ‘Anti-Slavery Mast
 Convention of the Abolitionists of the State
 of New York,’and have read it with astonish
 ment —astonished that such sentiments as
 were there Ottered should be listened to
 calmly by men professing to be Americans,
 or that those who dared to speak them were
 suffered to go unhung (or a single hour.
 1 have ever avoided saying one word in
 regard to polities in this paper. The words
 ‘Wilmot Proviso’ were never in these col
 umns before; nor have I ever written one line
 either for or against the institution of slavery,
 as it exists in the South. I had not intended
 to do so—l do not now mean to do so. But
 1 would not be true to the ancestral blood
 which flows in my veins, if I could read and
 pass unnoticed such sentiments as were not
 only uttered there, but are now being repeat
 ed through the land in the columos of the pa
 pers.
 A black fanatic named Douglass, as re
 ported in last Sunday’s Herald, used theac
 words:—
 ‘1 believe the slaves would be more than
 a match for the enslaver*, if left to them
 selves. Let the Union, then, be dissolved
 1 wish to see it dissolved at once. It it
 the Union of the white people of this coun
 try, who etui be summoned in tbeir w hole
 military power to crush the slave, that pet
 petnates slavery. Dissolve the Union, and
 they will raise aloft tbeir unfettered arms
 and demand freedom; and, if resisted, would
 hew their way to liberty, despite the psie and
 puny opposition of their oppressors. In view
 of the oppression of this Union, I welcome
 the holt, whether from the North or from (hr
 Sooth, whether from heaven or from hell,
 yrhich shall shiver this Union in pieces. Lei
 this unholy, unrighteous Union be dissolved
 Wo are told of the wisdom and goodness oi
 our aoeestu.'** know the y wer sisvehold
 ers. Tslk to se °f tk® love of liberty oi
 your Washingtons, Jefferson*, Henrys!
 They were stringers to ,dea ibw
 2! He who does not love ,c end liberty
 raH, does not love liberty TanJ J«*ice.
 They wrote of liberty in the Declaration 01
Independence with one band, and with the
 other clutched their brother by the throat.
 These are the men who formed the Union!
 I cannot enter into it. Give roe no onion
 with slaveholders! I wish to dissolve the
 union of these States, and to do it in a* direct
 way.’
 Did one American hear that? Did one
 man who dares to say that he is an American
 and loves his country, stand still and listen to
 such language—hear the names of Washing
 ton, Jefferson and Henry, polluted by such
 slanders from human lips! No! If a per
 son were to come and tell roc he had calmly
 listened to those sentiments, 1 would not even
 honor him by calling him a Judas or an Ar
 nold—to call him a coward would be flattery,
 to call him a fiend would be too high a com
 pliment. Is there no law against treason in
 ihis land—or are the officers of the law too
 dastardly or too cowardly to enforce it?
 I am not a friend to slavery—would gladly
 see it pass from our land, by due andpioper
 action of the people; but I would also gladly
 see every wretch who dares to speak of a dis
 union of this Republic, (which can only live
 and prosper with union,) hung higher than
 H&amp;man wan! 1 would gladly see these fana
 tics, who pretend to so much feeling for the
 slaves, and who in their insanity are only riv
 etting the otherwise fast loosening manacles of
 slavery, kicked from the union to which they
 are traitors —driven like bastards, as they are,
 from beneath the protection of our national
 banner.
 The head devil among them, one Garrison,
 used this language—‘The Constitution of the
 United States is a covenant with death and
 hell.’ And he who is enjoying eveiy privilege
 guaranteed by this Constitution, dates to ut
 ter such a thought! It were as just, as ap
 propriate, and quite as decent, for him to call
 his own mother a prostitute, to brand himself
 as a bastard. I cannot find language strong
 enough to express the indignation which fills
 my heart as I note the action of these would
 be murderers, who, to carry out their own
 views, would gladly drown the land in blood,
 and glory in the groans of dying millions,
 and shout glory to God, while the nation
 which Washington and his compatriots give
 to us as a birthright perished from among the
 nations of the world; like Greece aud Rome,
 into the sea of oblivion!
 If proper action was taken, I think sucl.
 meetings could be stopped, or, aUeast, such
 sentiments could be strangled in the black
 throats of those who dared to utter them. I
 |am not very}easily moved to anger,but I think
 that if 1 had heard the baboon Douglass use
 the nameof Washington as he did, I should
 have tried to choke all the black out of him!
 It is such things as Douglass, Garrison, Bur
 leigh, and other 'colored pussons,’ that are
 helping to perpetuate slavery, and forcing
 those who would gladly ameliorate the con
 dition of the slave, and prepare him for eman
 t cipation, to tighten, rather than loosen the
 bond! They the frtendt of the slave! Just
 as much as the devil is the friend of sinners!
The Price of the Union.
 What an alarming and melancholy illus
 tration of the depraving influences of slavery
 has been exhibited in the halls of Congress
 within the past* w weeks, After all that
 has been said and done to expose the baibari
 ties and cruelties of the slave system, Henry
 Clay, a man endowed with persuasive and
 commanding oratorial poweis, comes for*
 ward and attempts to mingle light with dark
 ness, to unite freedom with slavery; a work
 1 which tlie Author of Christianity, (to say
 nothing of common sense,) gives us to under
 stand is impracticable. To prevent a dissolu
 tion of the Union, is the object which the
 able and plausible Kentucky orator contem
 plates in his efforts to effect the adoption of
 1 what are called the Compromise Resolutions.
 Let us look at the object, or end, and then
 at the means proposed to effect that object.
 1. The object: To prevent a dissolution of
 the Union. What is this Union which is so
 much lauded? and what are the privileges
 which it secures? It is a Union by which
 three millions of men are held in cruel bon
 dage. It is a Union in one half of which, no
 1 expression can be given to those deep feelings
 of haired to sl*?ery and love of liberty which
 burn in every true and maniy heart. It is a
 Union in which the right of petition js denied
 and in which free men are imprisoned and
 sold as slaves. Such are some of the privile
 gea derived ftom the Union, any one of which
 every freeman knows, is a sufficient cause for
 condemning and destroying that Union.
 But what are the conditions on which
 Henry Clay proposes to effect the continuance
 of so glorious a union? There are eight pro
 posed; but as one of them is of such a charac
 ter that no Christian or freeman can accept,
 the rest need not be considered. I allude to
 his seventh resolution, which, presented in its
 true light, amounts to this, namely:
 That, when a man, who has been com
 pelled to work all his days without wages,
 ssiose wife and children have been torn from
 him forever, sold on the auction block, sub
 jected to the most brutal treatment, and him
 self gtoaning under sufferings tor which no
 remedy can be had, attempts to escape (and
 who would not?j from so horrible a state, and
 while the North Star, that lighthouse which
 God seems to have set in the heavens for this
 very purpose, beckons and guides hiig on;
 when such a man, heaven guided, comes
 among us weary, hungry, panting with fear
 and imploring our protection, we are deman
 ded, forsooth, to extinguish every spark of
 humanity within us and deliver him up to the
 tender mercies of his bloody pursuers.
 Who of us will consent to terms like this,
 to perpetnaie such a union u has been de
 scribed, or any union whatever? No one, it
 seems to me, who hates tyranny, loves man
 and reverences God. The slaveholder is lit
 tle aware of the deep sympathy existing in
 multitudes of breasts for the fugitive slave,
 How many a fond and fearless lieart
 Would rive to throw
 Its life between him and the foe.
 Aud I trust that to the free North it may
 ever be truly said,
 ‘There’* freedom at thy gates, and rest
 For Earth’s down-trodden and o|»prest,
 A shelter for the bunted head,
 For the starved laliorer toil aud bread.
 Power, at thy bounds,
 Stops and calls back iiis baffled hounds.
 SETH HUNT.
From the Independent Democrat.
 The Poor Whites ol the Soath.
 There is a very prevalent error in commu
 nity that supposes that opposition of Free
 Soil men to the extension and perpetuation ol
 slavery rests chiefly, if not wholly in theii
 sympathy for the enslaved African. Thu
 feeling undoubtedly has, and should have its
 due weight. The cries and groans of three
 millions of men and women shut out from the
 enjoyment of all theii God-given fights, and
 subjected to all the wrongs of cupidity cruelty
 and lust, cannot but stir the blood and awa
 ken the sympathies of all within whose breasts
 throb human hearts. The existence of a
 whole race in theveiy garden of our country
 to whom God, Christ, and Immortality are
 unmeaning words, is a fact to make our
 whole nation put their bands on their mouths
 in the dust and ery Unclean, Unclean, before
 I the world and its Creator.* Disguise it,seek to
 hide the truth even from ourselves as we
 will, there stands the damning tact that we
 the people of the often boasted on y free
 country on earth, are guilty of supporting a
 darker and more grinding oppression than
 an v for which God ever visited the earth m
 judgement
 But heavy sod cruel as are the sorrows of
 our sabla brethren, they are far from being
 the only sufferers. The yoke that g»Us their
 iiecka pierces also the souls of another class,
 the institution which enables an hundred
 thousand nabobs to riot in the blood of sev
 ered affections, broken hearts and overburden
 ad souls, crushes also, with scarcely less
 blighting power, millions of the poor laborers
 of our own nee. Fearfully as slavery
 bears upon the blacka of the South, its effects
 upon the vast majority of the white* is no way
 &gt;«m dreadful. Slavery degrades all labor,
and with it mil laborers. Such, in spite of
 the degradation attaching thereto, a large ma
 jority of the Southern citizens are compelled
 to be. They do not and cannot own Mares.
 The great mass of them do not eren own
 land. Bought and sold, like their colored
 brethren, they are not. But saying this they
 are scarcely lees dependant than their neigh
 bor “chattels.” Forced to work with slates,
 to associate with slaves, independence, bold
 ness, and Jhe spirit of freemen is a stranger
 to them. Nowhere in the old world is a
 state of more abject indigence than exists be
 tween the slare-hclders and white laborers of
 South Carolina —And what is worst of all,
 the evil is increasing. Socially proscribed,
 and without a single free school, every gene
 ration is growing up poorer, more ignorant
 and more degraded.
 To us who have breathed but in sight of
 schools free as the air of heaven, it seems in
 credible; yet it is nevertheless true, that such
 a prodigy as a system of free schools, is ut
 terly unknown in every slave state. The
 poor white children are in all of them as fa
 tally doomed to ignorance and consequent bar
 barism, as the slave children. What must be
 the result of such a state of things, requires
 no prophet to foretell. The slave states must
 get rid of their slavery or they must sink,
 whites and blacks together, into a state little
 short of heathenism. Talk of such a commu
 nity nuppciting republican principles! It is 1
 utterly preposterous. They cannot long sup
 port anything but chains.
 Yet such is the institution, bringing forth
 such} fruits that we are required to plant
 anew upon God's free eaith! Nay a free en
 lightened Christian nation in the middle of the
 nineteenth century are threatened with intes
 tine revolution and civil war if they will not
 do it. Well if so it must be, give us revolu
 tion, give us war, give us all other curses
 but spare the guilt of carrying this greatest
 of all, to any part of this fair world which
 God created and pronounced “good” Spare
 a Christian people the crime of banishing
 Christianity from the newest and richest por
 tions of the earth. Spare a republican nation
 from sacrificing their children and the end
 less generations that shall pioceed from them
 to the chicfest demon of the pit, the demon
 of Barbarism, Ignorance, Cruelty, and Moral
 death.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 1, 1850.
The North Star if sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that tliey
 may sm fit to subscribe fop it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may lie safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
QC^*Wantei&gt;— Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for t)|e North Star. A
 liberal commission will tie given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Anti-Slavery Meeting*,
 Charles Lenox Remond, of Massachu
 setts, and Mifflin W. Gibbs, of Pennsyl
 vania, will visit the following places and
 address t)ie citizens on the subject of Ame
 rican slavery, on the evenings speeitied
 Le Roy, Thursday, March 7th.
 Batavia, Friday, March Bth.
 Lockpoit, Monday, March 11th.
 Buffalo, Wed. and 'flips. Rjarch }3 14.
 Jamestown, Sunday, March 16th,
 Busti, Tuesday; March 19th.
 The friends in the above places will please
 secure houses and make the necessary ar
 rangements fpy the meetings, and thereby
 subserve the cause and oblige the friends.
New Yore State Peace Convention.—
 The American Peace Cougrees Committee
 appointed to secure a delegation to represent
 the people of the United States in the Peace
 Congress to be held at Frank fort-on-the-
 Maine. Germany, in August, 1850, would
 respectfully invite the friendsjof peacethrough
 out the State of New York, to njeet in
 Convention at Albany, on Tuesday, March
 sth, for the purpose of appointing two dele
 gates at large, to represent the State in the
 Frankfort Congress; and also to devise and
 adopt measures for securing representatives
 in the same assembly, from the different Con
 gressional Districts, Towns, Universities,
 Literary Associations, Municipal ant) Religi
 ous Bodies of the State and to take such
 other steps as, in the judgment of the Con
 vention, may promote the cause of permanent
 ant) Universal Peace. A delegation from the
 Peace Congress Committee will attend the
 Convention and take part in its proceedings.
 AM ASA WALKER,
 ELIHU BURRITT. Secretaries.
 Public Meeting at the Court House,
 A meeting was held in this city, on Mon
 day evening last, to consider the present as
 pect of the slavery question, as exhibited in
 the late proceedings of Congress. The as
 semblage waa summoned together without
 distinction of party, and was, as might have
 been expected, few in numbers, and not very
 enthusiastic. It will not, however, be with
 out its influence in this community. Upon
 the organization of the meeting, Samuel D.
 Porter, Esq. rose and addressed the audi
 ence in a clear and forcible manner, on tbe
 necessity of taking prompt and decided mea
 sures for arresting the impending danger of
 extending slavery. He exposed the hollow
 and one-sided compromise resolutions of Mr.
 Clay; rebuked the time-serving and swindling
 course pursued by the Northern Press, in
 withholding the proper information from the
 people, and in strivipg to get up a panic at
 the Noifh, by publishing the empty threats
 ol dissolving the Union. Mr. Porter pre
 sented a string of resolutions, pertinent to the
 occasion, whioh will be further considered at
 an adjourned meeting, whieh is to lake plaoe
 at the Court House, this (Friday) evening.
 The friends of Freedom should all be on
 band.— f. p.
 Henry Clay on lfMaappiag,
 Ob, for tbe powers of Punch! Did we pos
 sess them, they should be exerted in linking
 the benevolent face of Henry Clay to the
 neck and shoulders of a furious bloodhound.
 He should be in full chase in pursuit of a
 panting fugitive—perhaps s woman, flying
 from the embrace of brutal master. His
 lofty brow would look well prey the breast of
 a bloodhound And his neck, too, should be
 adorned with s collar labelled with his own
 motto, traced in letters of blood—“ In pur
 suit &lt;f fugitive slaves, I will gam far as the
 farthest." fc
 In no man living is there more completely
 combined, nor more strikingly exhibited, the
 dignity of human intellect with tbe savage
 brutality of a beast of prey, than is to be
 found in the chancier of this distinguished
 senatorial kidnapper. Ha talks as coolly of hi*
right to hunt down, bind, and feller his bro
 ther man, and to drag him back to the infer
 nal prison-house, as though his victim were a
 well' or a bear. Such a being appeals to us
 only in the light of a moral monster. e. d.
Weekly Review of the Congressional
 Proceedings.
 It would require sheet six times larger
 than that of out North Star, to record the
 speeches made, from week to week, in the
 National Congress, and the State Legisla
 tures,on the subject of slavery, and connected
 therewith. Wishing to give our readers a
 full and ample assortment of intelligence, we
 propose, in future, as in the present instance,
 to lay before them an editorial review of the
 moat important of these speeches weekly,
 instead of publishing the speeches of indivi
 duals entire.
 The past week has been no exceptien to
 previous ones in the agitation of slavery in|
 the Halls of Congress. That subject, in
 some form or other, has been constantly
 pressed upon the consideration of both the
 Senate and House. Mr. Fitch, of Indiana,
 made quite a lengthy speech in the House, on
 Thursday, February 14th. in which he took
 up the slavery question. His discourse,
 though on the Northern side, and containing
 many excellent hits at the blustering brag
 garts of the South, was, nevertheless, so
 untruthful and contemptuous in its tone to
 wards the real fnends of freedom at the
 North, as to give it the appearance of a mere
 harangue, designed for personal and political
 effect. Among other things, Mr. Fitch made
 the following observations:
 The North is charged wiili an intention
 of violating the Constitution in legislating
 upon this subject of slavery. Tlie Constitu
 tion guarantees rights in common to all the
 States, and certain special rights to the slave
 holding States. Yet, though special, they
 are constitutional rights, and as such, should
 be recognized and protected in the State*
 where they exist. And the gieat mass oi
 the Northern constituency have as little idea
 of interfering with those rights, as of peimit
 ting interference with their own. There are
 exceptions to this —there are, 1 am sorry tc
 say, Northern disuniomsts. But they are
 few in number, and of limited influence.—
 Can the same be said of the Southern The
 latter arrive at the same conclusion with the
 fonder from adverse premises—reach the
 same goal by a different road. In aiding the
 accomplishment of the ultimate design of the
 northern disunionists—the men they were
 wont the moat contemptuously to denounce—
 the South add nothing to their own strength.
 They do but divide the responsibility of an
 odious cause. The pseudo-philanthropy of a
 few of these Disunionists at the North the
 Garrisons and Abby Folsoms—a philanthropy
 manifesting itself by an officious intermeddling
 with the property rights of the South insti
 gating the escape of thp slave, while if turn;
 its back upon the free negro, leaving him to
 steal or starve— a philanthropy which, in
 stead of expending its pecuniary means as it
 legally might in ministering to the wants of
 the black already free, or sending him to the
 country of hts origin, wheie he could attain
 the dignity of a citizen —invests such means
 in printing incendiary publications, or hiring
 emissaries to create discontent in the s'ave, or
 increase that already existing this kind of
 mistaken philanthropy, with its attendant in
 direct efforts at disunion, is unjustly charged
 to the entire North, while the South appar
 ently seek to precipitate its consequences.”
 On Tuesday, Feb. I9lh, Mr Venable, of
 North Carolina, made quite a long speech, in
 opposition to the doc'rines and measures of
 the free Soil party,” and in defenpe of
 slavery. His speech seems, in part, to be a
 reply to one made by Hon. Horace Mann,
 which we have not yet seen. Mr. Venable is
 the worthy colleague of that young Republi
 can minister of human bondage, Mr. Cling
 man, who led the way, at thp commencement
 of the session, in a long, dull, and tedious ar
 gument in favor of his blood-shedding and
 man-iqtbruting system-
 The first part of Mr. Venable’s speech is a
 recapitulation of the dangers to which the
 South would be exposed in case of a dissolu
 tion of the American Union. He defies such
 dangers; but ridiculously whines because
 Northern men are not willing to abandon the
 Wilmot Proviso,” lest the South ahpnld ex
 pdse herself to such dangers by dissolving tfre
 Union on the adoption of that Proviso. This
 is like a band of villains threatening to blow
 out their own brains, unless peimitted to
 plunder whom they please, and pleading lot
 the latter privilege as the least of two evils.
 He greatly dislikes a remark made by Mr.
 Palfrey, a year ago, that a large number ol
 colored persons resided in New Bedford, and
 that most of them had paid for themselves
 with their heels,” This is evidently a sore
 point upon which to touch slaveholders. Mr,
 Venable expresses himself thus with respect
 to the danger of the dissolution of the Union:
 “We cannot avoid the conviction, that
 unless that disturbing cruse is removed, it is
 impossible for the Government to extend its
 existence, without such internal convulsions
 as must sever the tie which unites the States
 of this Confederacy.”
 He ridicules the idea that the President
 can, by physical force, perpetuate the Union;
 and speaks of equal justice as the only founda
 tion upon which the Uniou can stand. The
 speaker then goes on to give a narration ol
 the causes which have been for some time
 operating, and which have served to bring
 tha nation and the Union into (what he con
 siders) its present perilous condition. We
 shonld be amused, if we were not shocked,
 by the speaker’s solemn warnings against in
 justice, and unequal legislation and by the
 mock fervor with which he portrays the fate
 of nations and governments which have, in
 time past, fallen into ruin from these causes
 For a slaveholder, (that most unscrupulous oi
 all earthly tyrants) to stand up before thii
 nation and the world, and lecture on behali
 of justice and equJ legislation, is the con
 summation of audacity, and the climax ol
 hypocrisy. Mr. Venable displays great
 adroitness in outing the blame of the present
 agitation upon the North. He says
 I am aware, air, that it belongs to the
 policy of those who pursue a system oi
 wrong and oppression, to divert attention from
 themselves, and fix the blame of disturbance
 and disorder upon the wronged and op
 pressed.”
 It is notorious that for whatever agitation
 now exists in the councils of the nation, the
 South, and pot the North, is to blame It
 was in obedience to the insatiable and out
 rageous demands of that section of the Un
 ion that Texas was annexed, and that the
 Mexican war was waged and, as a conse
 quence, the present territories, -forming the
 field of contention, were added to this gov
 ernment.
 It is equally notorious that the South, from
 hi first, declared Its intention to hr, the ex-
tension -of slayerjr over the “free soil'* ac
 quired by the war in Mexico. In view ol
 these plain facts, which are too generally ad
 mitted to need proof or illustration, an attempt
 to make the North responsible for the present
 agitation, can only originate with one pro
 foundly skilled In the use of impudence and
 temerity. No! the North is not to blame
 we wish it was. It ought to have long since
 assumed an aggressive aspect to slavery; but
 this it has never done. The real abolitionists
 at the North are yet but a handful!. The
 overwhelming mass of the people are still
 clinging to the compromises and guarantees
 given by the Constitution to the system of
 hnmao bondage. Mr. Venable’s allegations
 ought to be true; but the facts are against it.
 The speaker, in the following remarks,
 doubtless utters the BentimeuU of all the raen
 stealers of his section!
 I recognize no party ties uniting me to
 ohose whose system of aggression has for its
 result the equalization of the black and white
 races—which looks even remotely to the pos
 session of civil or social oquality of those
 races at the South at least, (amongst them
 selves it may be a trotter of taste with which
 it does not become us to interfere.) Neither
 will I acknowledge party allegiance to those
 who vote for or approve the Wilmot Proviso,
 or any equivalent measure, the abolition oi
 slavery in the District or elsewhere by Con
 gress, or the obstruction of the recapture ol
 fugitive slaves by State authority. My con
 stituents have declared disunion preferable to
 any of theae results, and so instructed me at
 the polls.
 Oh that there was manliness enough al
 the North to meet the issue, and to say to the
 South boldly, We of the North are pre
 pared, and we will, God helping us, stand as
 firmly by freedom as you of the South have
 resolved to stand by slavery! In such a con
 test, it is easy to see on whose standard vic
 tory would peroh. We must not follow this
 windy Venable further, since we have more,
 of the same sort, to present from othei
 quarters.
 The Senate, on Wednesday, Feb. AO, wa*
 the scene of a warm debate, on the Union,
 slavery, and the admission of California. A
 Mi. Clemens, from Alabama, led off as the
 champion of slavery. Among the liot-heada
 of the South, there is not a more violent sla
 very-defender than he. Though but recently
 elected to the Senate, and perhaps scarcely
 known five years since beyond the limits ol
 his own State, he talks of and to Senators ol
 forty years standing, as though he was, in
 every respect, theiz equal. Cass, Clay and
 Benton are handled by him with all the free
 dom and careless indifference with which he
 would throw about an old shoe. It is quite
 probable that his swaggering immodesty and
 Open rudeness have already won for him the
 contempt of his brother Senators, though we
 very much doubt whether he has the sagacity
 to see, or the sensibility to feel it.
 Mr. Clemens is apposed to Mr. Clay’s com
 promise resolutions. We shall not weary
 our readers with any extracts, since he brings
 nothing new nor important to the considera
 tion of the subject. He hqs all of Foote’s
 impudence, without his graceful flow of
 language.
 Robert C. Winthrop, (who has remained
 singularly quiet since losing the Speaker
 ship) has at length opened his mouth and
 his Bpeech shows no abatement of his attach
 ment to slavery, nor qf his desire to conciliate
 the favor of the human flesh-mongers who
 prowl about the Capital. He said the Presi
 dent was at the helm, and, by the blessing of
 God, he trusted that he would be hailed as
 the pilot who had weathered the.storm. This
 is just what we should expect 43 the opening
 of a speech from this panderer to the slave
 power. He went on to bind himself, by the
 cords of feu years’ growth, to the slave sys
 tem, In the following emphatic manner. We
 copy from the Tribune
 Ten years ago, when he was a'candidate
 for Qongress, he said that if it was his for
 tune to be elected, he would deem it to be his
 duty not fo agitate the subject of slavery
 that he had no sympathy with any fanatics,
 and that whenever the interests of the North
 were assailed, lie would defend thenr— a
 plague on both houses!” had been his con
 stant exclamation. He thanked his God that
 he was incapacitated from commencing ultra
 ism in any way. If he had the approval of
 the ultraiats, he should inquire, in the lan
 guage of one of old, “What evil have I done
 that they should speak well of me?” As to
 Mr. Root’s resolution, instructing the Com-
 Territories to bring tn territorial
 bills, with the slavery restriction, he regarded
 it as fraught with the greatest cpischief—
 hence ha voted to lay it on the table and he
 oanqe to the conclusion that the honotable
 member. Mr. Root, for the sake of a misera
 ble notoriety, put in peril a cause of which he
 professed to be the proudest advocate. If the
 resolution had been pressed on the House, all
 hope of legislation would have beep at an
 end, and California not admitted during this
 session. If the Wilmot Proviso was dead,
 its death lies at the door of Mr. Root; and
 the epitaph on the tomb ought to be, Here
 lies the victim of restless vanity and the
 headstrong rashness of the gentleman from
 Ohio, who held it up deliberately to receive
 its death-blow.” It was a fatal blunder—
 that resolution—but Mr, Winthrop had sought
 the favor to say to his constituents and hia
 country that these gentlemen are not the
 proper judges of his votes. There has never
 been a party under the cloak of philanthropy
 that has been so vituperative and abusive as
 the Free Soil sect. He did not believe that
 there was ever witnessed, in the history of
 this or any other country, such audacity and
 false statements as the presses of their parly
 have exhibite&lt;f; —he had his it, and
 more than his share, here and at home.—
 There was a nest of vipers in his district,
 who had be%n biting a file, and having-broken
 their own teeth, they want the uae of the
 teeth of honotable members of this House.”
 If slavery be extended to New Mexico and
 Deseret, it will be through the agency of just
 such toadies as this same Winthrop. This
 speech of his (if we do not mistake the spirit
 of Massachusetts) will gain few friends, and
 add largely to the list o his 'political ene
 mies. His attempt to mako what he alleges
 to be the imprudence and rashness of Mr,
 Root an excuse for his own treachery tp the
 principle of freedom, will he fully compre
 hended in the Old Bay State.
 We now turn with pleasure from the slave
 bolding to the anti-slavery side of the Con
 gressional proceedings and by far the most
 important of these, is the speech of the new
 member of the House, from Pennsyvania,
 Thaddeus Stevens. His effort, a# reported in
 the Globe of Saturday morning, Feb, 83d, is
 one of the most powerful, eloquent and
 acathiog deuunciations of alavery to which
 the slaveholders in Congress were ever called
 upon to listen. S. S. .Foster could scarcely
 have been much more severe in his conclu
 sions, nor more logics] in his mode of st
 riving at them, than Wte Sttvene, Wt
had intended to extract largely from thia
 speech in the present article, but are per
 suaded that our readers will be better pleased
 to have the article entire in our next week’s
 paper.
 The Senate has bedPcompatativelv dull.-
 The South has had the largest share of its
 time and attention.— r. o.
No Union with Slaveholders.
 The following is the Petition which was
 so furiously denounced, ind so contempt
 uously rejected, s few days ago, by the Ame
 rican Senate. We observe that the Penn
 sylvanian” has published the namea ot the
 signers in a black square, as a mark of its
 indignant displeasure, and with a view to
 excite against them popular odium; but we
 greatly miscalculate the material of the peti
 tioners, if any measure of a malignant and
 scurrilous print, such as the paper in ques
 tion, shall either alarm or disquiet them.—
 The objection to the existing Union of the
 North and the South, is founded upon the
 rocls of immutable principle, and can never be
 removed by vulgar abuse nor dignified con
 tempt. This treatment will have no other'
 effect than to deepen the conviction, and to
 strengthen the determination of the noble I
 men ahd women who signed the petitition, to
 persevere in their bold and conscientious ef
 forts to free the Northern States from the
 ctirce and guilt of being parties to this slave
 holding confederacy. Lei the heathen
 rage “He that sitteth in the heavens will
 laugh” at their attempt to stay the behests of
 His Government. r. d.
 To the Senate and House of Reyresenlath'es of
 the l ruled States in Congress assembled:
 We the undersigned inhabitants of Pennsyl
 vania and Delaware, believing that the Fed
 eral Constitution, in pledging the strength of
 the whole nation to the support of slavery,
 violates the divine law, makes war upon hu
 man rights, and is grossly inconsistent with
 republican principles; that its attempt to
 unite freedom with slavery in one body poli
 tic, has already brought upon the country
 great and manifold evils, and has fully proved
 that no such Union can exist but by the sac
 rifice of freedom to the supremacy of slavery,
 -respectfully ask you to devise and propose,
 without delay, some plan for the immediate
 peaceful dissolution of the American Union.**
Ihe following Resolution, introduced by
 Mr. fiarrison, find adopted by the Afstssaohu*
 setts Anti-Slavery Society, is being exten
 sively quoted and commented upon, as evi
 dence of the bigotry and intolerance of its
 author, and of those who co operate with
 him in breaking the chains of the hopeless
 millions who writhe in bondage, under the
 ponderous weight of our blood-stained Union.
 I’o us, the alleged intolerance is nothing
 more than the intolerance that truth and jus
 tice must always create against falsehood and
 cringe, fhe stand point of Mr. Garrison
 differs from that of his accusers he looks at
 the Union from the cotton-field—the slave
 shambles, and the cane-hrakes of the South
 he reels the lot of the bondman to be his
 own; and remembering those in bonds as
 bound with thorn,” be feels every eulogy
 upon the Union to be a rivet in his chains
 and the resolution is but a natural expression
 of his sense of the wrongs of the oppressed,
 j F. D.
 Resolved, That it is with deep regret
 we peroeive that the Poet Longfellow has
 prostituted his fine poetical genius to eulogize
 the blood-stained American Union as freighted
 with the hopes and interests of Humanity—
 as being a noble ship, invulnerable to the
 rock, and proof against the storm, built in the
 most skillful and workmanlike manner;
 whereas, the history of its creation and its
 ernise demomatrates it to have been
 _ A perfidious bark,
 UuiU i t|i ecUp*e, aiul rigged with curses dark,”
 rotting through all her timbers, leaking from
 stem to stern, laboring heavily on a storm
 tossed sea, surrounded by clouds of disastrous
 porten.t, navigated by those whose object is a
 piratical ofie, (namely, the extension and
 perpetuity of slavery,) and destined to go
 down full many a fathom deep,” to the joy
 and exultation of all who are yearning for the
 deliveranoe of a groaning world.”
 We copy the following correspondence
 from the Standard;
 Colored People in Canada*
 We are indebted to the London Inquirer
 for the following article and interesting corre
 spondence, copied from the Montreal Patriot,
 Having no Canada exchanges, we are in
 debted to the American press for our news
 from that Province, and that contained in Mr.
 Cameron ’s is not of such a character as Ame
 j rican editurs ate desirous of laying before
 1 their Republican readers. It gives rise to
 reflections which would not be considered as
 conducive to a sound political morality in the
 United States
 CORRESPONDENCE
 Between the Hon Malcolm Cameron and the
 Colored Stockholders of the Elgin Asso
 ciation.
 We publish the following correspondence
 with great pleasure, having already, on more
 than one occasion, advocated the rights of our
 colored fellow -citizens in this province; and
 expressed our surprise and indignation at the
 attempt made to take them away. The op
 ponents of free settlements may be reminded
 that we are not yet annexed, and that it is far
 too soon to anticipate, by an anti-British po
 licy, an event, the possible occurrence of
 which is contemplated by the genuine lovers
 of freedom and independence with strong
 feelings of aversion. The prejudice against
 color is a moral weakness, to say the least,
 of whioh an Englishman should be ashamed.
 It ought to have no place among us.
 To the Hon. Malcolm Cameron —Sir—
 We, the undersigned Committee, have been
 appointed by a number of colored stockhold
 ers of the Elgin Association, to ask your
 views on a subject that chiefly concerns our
 civil rights. Your long residence in the
 Westein part of the Province, where
 our people are settled, makes you well ac
 quainted with our pppdipon, and the many
 disadvantages under which we labor, in con
 sequence of an unjust prejudice, which de
 prives our children, in a great measure, of
 the use of the common schools, and excludes
 us from participating in ftp rights privi
 leges g isranfeed us by law. This preju
 dice has lately assumed a hostile form, in an
 Address published at Chatham in August
 last* the object of which is to prevent us from
 settling where we please, and, if carried into
 effect, would eventually drive os ftom the
 Province. As you represent the county where
 the Elgin Association have purchased land
 for colored settlers, they wish to know if you
 are in favor of oar settling there, or sny
 other place that we stay select in the Pro
 vince, sod if you will aid us in obtaining ail
 the rights and privileges we are entitled to by
 law. An answer at your earliest conven
 ience will oblige the Committee.
 Adolphus Judah,
 W. H- Abbott, J Cbm
 David Ho lain,
 *na. casrron’b reply.
 Gentlemen—ln reply to your letter Of this
 lay, 1 beg leave to a«y, that the evil yea
 tomplaiu of, rotative to your position in oom-
ful! pro tided for ia the
 B j'' wh,ch had the honor to
 l ,hroa b Parliament last session, and
 h —weiiiio opera non in J«m« next.
 I regretted tnueh the tone and sentiment,
 of the resolutions and addreaa to which you
 allude, as having been passed in August last
 and 1 feel quite sure they are not fhe senli
 ments ot the great mass of the County of
 Ken*, I-or my own part, 1 hate eter advo
 cated the perfect equality of aU mankind, add
 the right of all to every civil and religious
 privilege, without regard to creed or color.
 And under the Constitution we now enjoy
 all men are really “fiee and equal,” anj
 none can deny to the African anything grant
 ed to the Sotchman, the Irishman, or the
 Saxon; they have the right to purchase where
 they please, arid settle in groups or singly as
 c j &lt;e ml w herevcr they are, they will
 find me ready to defend and maintain the
 principles ol civil and religious liberty to all,
 as the principle I hold moat dear to myself
 j and most sacred to my country.
 1 have the honor to be your obedient
 MALCOLM CAMERON
 To VVilson R. Abbott, David Holtin, Adol
 phus Judah (.'ommittee
The following little picture, together with
 kindly advice to children, we copy from “the
 Advent Haibinger.” It is from the pen of one,
 who has long, suffered under the hand of afflic
 tion and it is well adapted to impress the
 youthful mind with the spirit of kindness and
 benevolence.—T. o.
 Now, there comes an old rnvn, leaning
 heavily on his staff. His whitened locks and
 tattered garments are streaming in the wintry
 btasi Wicked boys laugh at his infirmity,
 and deride Ins poveny, while lie silently hob
 bles on. Give him your hand, lead him
 gently uneven psth-wity, wrap your
 own warm cloak aronnd his almost fare**
 limbs, conduct him safely to his lonely amt
 almost destitute dwelling, and let his “thou
 sand thanks” convince you, that the human
 heart is always made better by acts of kind
 ness.
 And now listen to that deafening outcry
 and see the snow-balls flying in the air already
 resounding with the shouts and savage yells
 of a crowd of rude and unfeehng boys, who
 are putsutng some object with all rhe fierce
 ness ot a pack of hounds. We will, also
 j watch that professedly pious gentleman, and
 richly attired lady, approaching the scene of
 J rudeness, but alas they havfe tinned aside
 and scornfully passed on, while the tumult is
 so increased, that we must conclude that
 some thief or criminal is making his esctiie.
 Shall we go and aee what it is that has pro
 duced this uproar! Ofit is a colored girl—
 a defenceless little girl, whose only offence
 her sable hue. In attempting to escape, she
 lias fallen in the street, her little basket, and
 the lew pennies with whioh she was timidly
 hurrying to the market, are lost in the snow
 Q let ns, in the love of God, who ta no re
 specter of persons, fly u» the rescue of that
 innocent child, disperse the thoughtless
 crowd, and rebuke them sharply,— regardless*
 of the scornful smile of that haughty Mist*
 who is passing,—lift the trembling innocent
 from the gutter, gently wipe away her tears,
 and brush the snow from her garments, find
 her basket, restore the l&gt;st money, protect her
 from further insult by your own arm, lead her
 quietly down the street, and leave her safely
 in the arms of her poor weeping mother, and
 let the overflowing of that humble grateful
 heart teach you that the power of love, of
 sympathy, on the human mind ia irresiatable,
 let the color, sex, or condition be what it
 may, with the exception of some few cases
 of the most hardened depravity— and even
 then, our duty to love and assist them remains
 unchanged.
 But let us return, and though our abort
 excursion has been an imaginary one, let mo
 assure you, •ear children, that similar inci
 dents transpire in real life, and areof frequent
 occurrence, affording the benevolent child of
 trod daily opportunity of doing good to the
 afflicted.
 But J have said enough to you this time. If
 have wearied you, please let my intense
 anxiety &lt;0 interest my young friends be iny
 apology,_May I not hope to hear from some
 through the Harbinger If lam oos
 rectly informed, the “Youth’s Department”
 i'* designed for your benefit, Theugh you
 may not be accustomed to write for the press,
 you have only to realise that we are all learn
 ers, and together striving to acquire a know
 ledge of God'a truth, and obtain a character
 that shall constitute us heirs of God, give us,
 with all such as do his will, a right to the
 tree of life, and admission into hw peaceful
 kingdom. That we may there meet, is the
 fervent prayer of your sincere friend,
 S. M. M,
 Rochester, N. Y.
A Correspond Ait ot The 7 Mlntno thus
 warns all who are disposed to assist the true
 fugitive Irom the impositions of a pretended
 one:
 Impost kr. A colored man calling his
 name William Johnson, is on a tour of spec
 ulation among the friends of the colored tace
 in the Northern and Eastern States, stating
 that he had escaped from Slavery three or
 four years since and was now in search of his
 wife residing somewhere at the north. His
 address i$ good and statements very plausible,
 and by means of them he has obtained a few
 letters of intioduction to gentlemen prominent
 for their benevolence, who have aided hi.a
 with money and clothing. He pursues bin
 journey from place to place, repeating th»
 same statements, exhibiting his letters and
 mentioning freely the names of different per
 sons who were induced to give because of
 others having done so. It has been lately as
 certained that he has deserted his wife and
 left her entirely unprovided for, with whom
 he only became acquainted in July la^ and
 it is believed that he is now pursuing’ the
 the same means to obtain a living by exciting
 the sympathies of chat itabl«persons,of which
 he is entirely unworthy,
 Rev. J. W. Loooen.—lt is with shame
 for some of our fellow citizens, we are
 obliged to state, that this good man, when
 lately on his way from your eity, and be
 tween Fort Herkimer and Jacksonburgh, 5
 or 6 miles west of this, was Tudely assaulted
 while peaceably traveling hither wi«b bis
 horse and sleigh. A lot of rowdier being
 probably of a hubs whiter skin, but surely of
 dark souls, first came behind him in another
 sleigh, and after exhausting on him the low
 est vocabulary of those who '‘love rum and
 hate niggers,” dtove violently by; vnd then
 occasionally hailing in a narrow place, re
 newed their foul-mouthed abuse, with vari
 ous thieats, and thus harrassed him for about
 two miles, till to his joy they turned frem the
 main road. Were the viMaiiis who could
 thus scandalously treat a genteel stranger on
 account of cqlor hut f»opd out, a houae of
 correction ought to be erected for tlieir pecu
 liar benefit, (Mr. L. is to officiate for the Af
 rican Methodist Society of this village on
 Sundayfnext]
 Legislative Petitions.— White gratified
 to see those filling up around us, praying the
 inmates of the Capital to hear Ihe arguments
 of Gerrit Smith against the lying law of sla
 very, I trust those for the prohibition of the
 drunkard manufacture will not be forgotten
 but poured in copiously from every section of
 the State. “Keep it before the people,” by
 all means, aod may none of your reforming be
 ,B Yours, Ac.,
 —Liberty Party Paper.
 Out thanks are due to Hen. Jem P. Hat*
 for valuable Congressional documents. Oar
 obligations to him are the more sensibly felt,
 because so few of out Representatives feel it
 worth while to send Congressieuai Documents
 to om of our creed and oofor.—r p.
