We published in Jut week's paper, a let
 ter upon Education, by Sarah D. Fish, and
 in the exercise of our Editorial prerogative
 we abridged and compressed it into such limits
 as we deemed suitable to out columns; hut
 in this, we took cate to do no violence to
 her meaning—and to omit no thought nor
 expression which appeared necessary to give
 her meannig force, and point. This, how
 ever has been found unsatisfactory; and we
 therefore, piefer to publish her letter entire.
 —F. D.
 Education,—Kindness.
 The subject of educating children, I feel to
 •be one of vital impotlance: and viewed by
 many very incorrectly. But 1-think it more
 an error of the head than heart. Instead oi
 taking the way in which we were educated
 for a basis on which to improve, knowing that
 those who have gone betore us had not as
 much light as we have, we seem to take it
 for au exact pattern. Children are often found
 fault with, when they ought to have soothing
 words of encouragement, and one of the
 fiist qualifications sought alter in a school
 teacher, ought to be, the very desirable one of
 possessing a faculty of governing by love in
 stead of rigor. 1 have recently heard of a
 school teacher's saying, that he should as
 quick think of taking a gun in his school, as
 a whip or any instrument with which to in
 dict corporeal punishment. This is as it
 should be. i'o think uf mending the heart
 by bruising the flesh—how absurd and how
 debasing! Is it not astonishing that we should
 ever have imbibed so low, so degrading an
 idea. It was evidently from the bottomless
 pit, fur it never had a higher oiigin. “God
 is love,” and every thing that emanates ftom
 him is pure, lovely, and elevating, and how
 dssirable—how indispensable that those
 who assume the dignified stations of parents,
 guardians, and teachers, should be directed
 from above, instead of descending, and im
 pulsively yielding to our lowest naiuies in
 correcting our children. Who ever knew it
 to fail of having a good effect on a child to
 appeal affectionately to their pure mind—to
 their reason—to show them the consequences
 of sin, the sufferings that inevitably follow a
 wrong course, assuring them that it is their
 good, their happiness, we are aiming to in
 sure, and not the giatification uf our own
 missguided pasiou.—Some would say, as 1
 have heard ihem,we have tried that, found it
 of no use, and ar. last had to resort to w hip
 ping. 1 always feel, when 1 hear this, that
 they have not iiad sufficient patience —that
 they have not given Jhe child time, and al
 though our great Exemplar has enjoiued it
 upon us to forgive seveniy limes seven, yell
 believe in the case of children who are com
 paratively innocent, and much easier wrought
 upon by Christian kindness than their super
 iors in age, so much as ill at would not be
 necessary. I think our forbearance and for
 givaness a vety lew tunes, as a general thing,
 would accomplish the desired object. 1 have
 frequently heard it said, “well, i would make
 them mind at any rate:” but I believe it would
 be very wrong to be determined to make the
 child yield at once, unless it could be done by
 mild rnd persuasive means, because “like be
 gets its like,” harshn ;ss calls out its w orst
 possions, which should be carefully suppres
 sed, and never called it into action.
 We should he untiring in our kind efforts
 to cultivate everything in children that is
 lovely—to nurture most assiduously that spirit
 of affection ale love which God has implanted
 in their hearts, and as much as possible,
 while they are young, give it the predomi
 nance, teaching them that this unerring prin
 ciple, which, most assuredly, is from our
 Creator, should be cherished, and strictly ad
 hered to. We ought in all cases to manifest
 to them a yielding on our own part, and after
 we have said all to them which our God-giv
 en —our highest nature dictates, we should
 then leave them to their own reflections.
 Give them all the time they choose to take,
 and w henever suitab e opportunity occurs to
 impress their mindwith the imperativenecessi
 ty of living agreeably to thedivine law, be sun
 to improve it; and always be willing, as was
 Jesus to make any sacrifice to our own com
 fort, toour will, rather than call out an evil j
 passion in Hie being for whom we are so'
 highly responsible. We should thus save
 not only those beloved ones whom our Fattier j
 has entrusted to our care, but ourselves also
 from many a heatt-ieudmg pang: besides be
 ing rewarded with that peace, which would
 indeed “flow as a river,” and in the event,!
 most assuredly enjoy the unspeakable plea
 sure of seeing those for whom we nave
 trustingly labored, forsaking sin and all evil
 and coming up with the powerful weapons of
 love and good will, “to the help of the Lord
 against the mighty, ’—sarah d. fish.
 Rochester, Feb. Bth, 1850.
 We extract the following, from an ad
 dress recently delivered in Philadelphia, at
 the Colored Department of the House of
 Refuge, by the Hon. W. D. Kelly.
 Jt is gratifying to find that meg in high
 places of the nation, are beginning to appre
 ciate the social condition into which ages of
 injustice, slavery and oppression have plunged
 the nominally “Free Colored People” in
 Ftiiladel pbia, and elsewhere in out country.
 We hail this fact as an earnest of the pro
 gress which Society will yet make on this
 •object.— r. d.
 Thus far, 1 have spoken chiefly of our
 white population; but what 1 have said is
 equally true of those for whom this building
 is designed. The colored man is depressed
 hy the causes that depress the white man;
 •no 1 the agencies which strengthen aud de
 velope the Anglo-Saxon child would, if fairly
 applied, give him a sturdy competitor in his
 dark neighbor. The existence of a colored
 community in otir midst is coeval with slave*
 ty. Its members encounter not only the pre
 judice of color; but, go where they may, let
 their worth and ability be what they may,
 they are recognized as the deesepdants ol
 slaves, and too oiled treated as though they
 deserved no better than their fathers’ fate.
 They are with us, yet not of us. Dwelling
 m our midst, they are a distinct community.
 Defied the right ,of citizenship, they are
 •til subject to our laws; and we can no more
 neglect* 1 their moral, intellectual, and social
 condition with impunity, than we can expect
 contagious disease to desolate their poor
 homes and leave our loved ones untouched.
 1 know not how to speak of them as a com
 munity. Numbering less than one-twelfth of
 our population, living chiefly in dependent
 employments, with comparatively few sources
 of revenue, and fewer wholesome incentives
 to ambition, they nevertheless present to the
 eye of the careful observer as wide a range
 of character, and perbape of condition, as is
 exhibited by society at large. Slavery being
 the negation of mail's tight to himself, it, ot
 comae, denies him the right to possess or ac
 cumulate property. It necessarily keeps him
 in ignorance. Whether manumitted on our
 own soil by the wise legislation of our fa
 thers, or elsewhere through the promptings
 of benevolence, they are all come to freedom
 in poverty and ignorance, The condition ol
 the fugitive slave, and we have many of them,
 is still worse. In dread of the law by which
 he would be surrendered if taken, he strives
 to live in concealment until the chase is over.
 Idle, and without resource, he soon exeausts
 kis slender stock of clothing, sod contracts
 the vices of his least thrifty and most de
 graded brethren. Yet, despite all advene
 ciieiunstaooM, they are an improving people.
 They have their own churches and private
 echoole. They maintain and conductassocia
 lJOos for benevolent and literary purposes.
 Ristflg above the mental stations their lathers
 filled, they U* engaged in mechanical pur
 •iiits, in trade, and two of the
 learned professions; man/ of them have ao
 outred real estate, and a few fcf# on income
 7mm their caoital. which they manage with
tact and judgment. I will not uk whether,
 as a people, they are capable of cultiration.
 They had answered that question affirmatively
 and satisfactorily to our community, betore it
 appropriated one of its commodious public
 grammar school buildings for the education
 of colored children.
 The prejudice against color is unknown in
 France; and prominent among her distinguish*
 ed men of science, her statesmen, and histo
 rians,* are to be found those whose cheeks
 are shaded, and whose hair is curled by the
 blood of Africa.
 Alexander Duma*, Gerard, ami others. “You
 have not forgotten that two youths of African blood
 gained the highest honor* in the College at Paris,
 in the year 1838, and dined on die same day with
 tlie King of France, the dercendant of St. I.ouis,
 at die Palace of die Tuilerie*. And let me add, il
 1 may refer tomy own experience, that in Paris 1
 have sat, lor weeks, at die School of Law, on the
 same bench with colored (tenons, listening, like
 myself, to the learned lectures of negrando and
 Kosm.” —Speech of Ckarie Sumner, £’*/.,m Robert*
 t». The City of Button.
We copy tlie following letter, fietn “the
 National Anti-Slavery Standard.” It may
 give our readers some insight into the labors,
 trials, and hardships of those who pioneer
 the way of our anti-slavery Reform. Mr.
 and Mrs. Foster have been, and still are,
 laboring in comparatively an uncul(iva,ed,
 and long neglected region. Stout hearts and
 an enduring zeal, (both of which they large
 ly share,) are needed in the conflict which
 they are now waging.—f. d.
 Our next meetings were at Palenville, di
 rectly under the deep-furrowed, frowning
 brow of the old Catskills, and only two miles
 from the “Mountain House.” Here we held
 four meetings. At the first there seemed an
 involuntary uprising of the place to defend
 Slavery or apologize for it. An elderly, man
 called the slaves cattle. We showed the
 congregation that if he were right they were
 in the practice of baptizing cattle into the
 name of the Father and of sitting at ihe com
 munion table with cattle. We afterwards
 learned that this man is a rumselling Elder
 in the church. The Bible was brought for
 ward and quoted in defence of Slavery, and
 although the minister of the Dutch Church
 did not think the Bible sanctioned it, he after*
 wards wanted some explanation of Abraham’s
 position towards those servants born in his
 house. Indeed had not the subject for that
 evening’s discussion been the terrible system
 of American Slavery and those who were
 apologizing for, or defending it, been in high
 standing in the church or making high pro
 fessions of Republicanism and Democracy,
 the whole affair would have been richly ludi
 crous. It was however, truly pitiful, and I
 olushed and grieved for my race.
 The three following meetings were quiet,
 many of the church members having with
 drawn, and no one came forward to reply.
 Yet when we announced our meetings closed,
 the Dutch Reformed Clergyman, who had
 attended throughout, but had kept aileuce
 since the first meeting, gave notice that he
 would hold a meeting there the next Thurs
 day evening to show that the Church of
 Christ had been misrepresented and slander
 ed. Mr. Foster, rising said, if the Church
 ttad misrepresented no one was so deep
 ly interested to know it as himself, as it was
 not his intention to misrepresent any one;
 therefore he should endeavor to be present to
 listen to the discourse, lie has gone to-day
 ind will probably stop and reply to-morrow
 svening.
 In Palenville we obtained but five subscri-
 Ijera but several others will probably sub
 scribe while Mr. Foster is there, as there
 was quite as much interest manifested to ob-j
 Lain information by books as in other places j
 in this section. At our last meeting in Palen- J
 ville a unanimous vote of thanks were ten
 dered us for our lectures, and an invitation
 given ua to return and discuss the question
 farther.
 1 will here suggest that next summer a
 Convention be held in this vicinity, when by
 the promulgation of truth having swept the
 charming valley below, we adjourn to the
 heights above and refresh our spirits by a j
 view of the varied scenery, rich, beautiful,!
 grand and sublime.
 From PalenviPe we came to Hudson,
 w here we have held four meetings—the three
 first in Temperance Hall which were con
 siderably disturbed by rowdyism, and the last
 in Friends Meeting House, which being larg
 er and more commodious than the hall, we
 believed would secure us from further out
 rage. Yet even hither the rowdies followed
 and proceeded to still greater extremities
 by throwing eggs and other missiles, one of
 which bit our excellent friend, Aton C.
 Macy.
 Although we had designed to hold other
 meetings in the place we gave notice at the
 close of this, that at this late period we did
 not feel it our duly, as in years gone by, to
 speak in disturbed meetings. The liberty of
 speech, which had been trampled under foot
 all though the country was now regained in i
 the North save in a few benighted corners,
 and we chose to speak elsewhere to those
 who were eager to listen to this allabsorbing
 question of the age.
 Injustice, however, to the masses who at
 tended our meetings it must be said, there
 was an evident desire to have older, and some
 of the city authorities weie present at all the
 meetings, save the first, trying to preserve
 order. Their failure to do so must have
 been owing to an unpardonable lack of effici
 ency somewhere. In numerous instances I
 have seen greater turbulence, fiom much
 greater numbers, entirely ‘put down and or
 der preserved by one or two efficient, private
 citizens. I learn there is a class of rowdies
 here who have given the place much trouble,
 foi a long time past, in disturbing temperance
 meetings and m commuting other shameful
 outrages on the citizens, such as taking off
 gales, tearing up doorsteps, overturning out
 houses and the like. If the citizens know of
 no better means of protection than by physi
 cal force, I can assure them their present
 forceless system is woise than nothing. These
 river fiowns are to be commiserated foi be
 ing infested, during winter, by a set of somk
 ing, drinking, gamming loafers who are
 thrown out of employment by the closing of
 navigation. My opinion is, that no physical
 force will reach the difficulty. Much could
 be done for tbs salvation of these places by
 the preaching of the real gospel in lieu of
 that soulless sectarianism which hqs stolen
 its name, and which is a savor pf death unto
 death instead of life unto life.
 We find that thiouhout all this section,
 the menbating, God-defying Colonization
 pause is in all its primitive luxuriance. The
 General ,Synod of the Dutch Reformed
 Church, trie highest pcclesiastial judicature
 of that denomipstton. recompnend* that all its
 minisieis preach, at least once a year, aei
 mofi in favor of Colonization, and take up a
 collection for the Colonization Society; arid so
 far as leap le«n the request is heartily res
 ponded to.
 The work is great, the harvest is ripe for
 the reaping, and our prayer is to the Execu
 tive Committee for moie laborers.
 ABBY KELLEY FOSTER.
 Negroes for Liberia. —One hundred and
 aixty-four negioea, belonging to the estate of
 the late Jacob Wood, Esq., and liberated at
 his death, by his will, arrived here yesterday
 in the steamer Robert CoJlms, destined to
 sail in a few days from this port for Liberia,
 an board the bark Chieftain. Captain Drink
 water. In Überatiqg these negroes, Major
 Wood appropriated by will $5OOO to defray
 the expenses of their emigration. It was
 his desire, and was so expressed ut his will,
 that they should be sent to Hayti, bat his ex
 ecutors, D. Charles West, of Houston Co.,
 and Judge Elias peed, of this city, after
 employing an agent to go to flay tp examine
 and report the condition of things there,
 thought it impolitic to aeod them there, and
 obtained order of Court to change their dee-
tinaiion to Africa, believing that this course
 would better promote and aecure the bsppi
 nese of the negcuea themselves, and carry
 out the benevolent designs of their former
 owner.
From Livermore’* "Review of the Mf xieau \V ir.”
 The True Destiny of our Country.
 There is a genuine Anglo-Saxon destiny,
 i of which we can conceive, that would be
 truly glorious in itself, and beneficial to
 mankind. But it is a destiny of liberty, not
 of license. It is a destiny of peace, not ot
 war. It is a destiny of justice and noble
 ideas, not of invasions and violent annexa
 tions. It is a destiny whose emblems and
 implements are not the bomb and the bowie
 knife, but the priniing-piess and the Bible.
 It is a destiny of raising up the fallen races,
 and administering wise and equal laws,
 wherever our dominion extends, not of tramp
 ling under the hoofs of the war-horse the
 prostrate red man, black man, or "dark
 browed Mexican.” Science, commerce and
 Christianity have given England and the
 United States, the two Anglo-Saxon powers,
 an almost immeasurable influence over the
 rest of the human family. But (rod has put
 this sceptre into their hands for no idle and
 vain-glorioua purpose, but to promote the
 welfare of mankind. Did the grand vision
 of a true and providential destiny, the real
 mission God has sent them to accomplish,
 dawn upon the minds of our statesmen and
 orators, our rulers and people, they would
 sheathe the sword forever. They would
 "trust, not in uncertain liches, but in the
 living Godnot in carnal, but spiritual
 weapons. This is the only worthy destiny—
 the only one that heaven will bless, or futu
 rity honor. It is impious to talk as if any
 people were fated to be ambitious and grasp
 ing, and a terror to the tace, and not a bles
 sing. We might with as much propriety
 say, that an individual was destined to be a
 knave, or a ruffian. The Creator has, in one
 sense, destined all his children to be good
 and true, to obey hiß laws, and share in his
 promises. "He is not willing that any should
 perish, but that all should come unto repent
 ance.” But men have been gifted with the
 power of choice, and the opportunity of good
 and of evil, and if they come short of the
 glory of God, they may be said to have fius
 trated the divine plan, and not fulfilled their
 mission and destinv, as immortal beings.
 These two nations are capable, ifthey have
 grace to seize the memorable opportunity, of
 leaving a mark upon tho history of mankind,
 “above all Greek, all Roman fame.” They
 can make themselves felt for good—we yet
 hope that in a measure they are doing so—to
 the remotest isle of the sea, and to the
 savage tribe, whose name even has not yet
 been domesticated in a civilized tongue. They
 have the saving ideas of science, freedom, and
 Christianity, that are able, if diffused, to
 keep the life-blood flowing, in stiong and
 pure tides thtough their own heaits, and also
 to stir the deep sleep of paganism with fresh
 and waking pulses of regeneration. They
 have both the personnel and the materiel the
 ships, tools, arts, studies, truths, men, to do
 this magnificent work. They and their allies
 of kindred European races, if faithful to the
 high vocation, wherewith they are called,
 and “obedient to the heavenly vision,” can,
 in two centuries, change the aspect of the
 whole habitable globe, and make the solitary
 place glad, and the desert blossom like the
 rose.
 But if, abjuring this kingly power of bene
 ficence, and turning aw ay from this sublime
 mission of realizing the kingdom of Cbiist on
 earth, they bow themselves down to the base
 uses of Mammon and of Mars, they will fling
 away an opportunity of usefulness, such as
 has been rarely afforded in any juncture of
 history, if they consent to track the old bloody j
 tound of sordid, guilty ambition, and seek not
 to bring other tubes and races under the obedi-1
 ence of God, and harmony with his laws,
 but in subjection Ito their own tyranny, then
 it requires no prophet's eve to foresee that
 that are destined to fall a prey to the same
 passions, suicidally acting on themselves,
 which have poured the vials of wrath upon
 other countries. Their prodigious vices wil
 be whips enough to scourge them. The im
 mense agencies which might have proved the
 instruments of an incalculable beneficence,
 will become, when perverted, only the heavier
 millstones about their necks to pull them
 down to perdition. Destiny is a fearful word,
 and when we pronounce it, we remember
 most vividly the life of that mighty man who
 called himself the "child of destiny,” but;
 whose star, brilliant as it was, rushed head
 long in an ill-fated moment from the zenith of
 its glory into eternal night. Imperial as the
 nations are, doth not the Lord "sit upon the
 circle of the earth,” and "bring the princes
 lo nothing, and make the judges of the earth
 as vanity 1”
A Little Matter.
 The Governor of Maryland calls attention,
 in a message exclusively devoted to the inter
 ests of slavery, to a matter in which Penn
 sylvania is directly concerned. It is that of
 the imprisonment of Jonathan Little, in Hun-,
 tingdon county, on the charge of kidnapping. j
 It seems some Virginian of high character”
 has called his Excellency’s attention to the
 matter, and represented Little as being a
 poor man, who is unable to obtain counsel,
 and be therefore recommends that the State
 furnish his means of defence. We hope it
 will be determined. Nothing would sooner
 bring the non-slaveholders of that slavery
 ridden State to think of the evils of slavery,
 and of some early plan for getting rid of it.
 Men are reached, sometimes, through their
 pockets, when they can be reached in no other
 way. Let them be called upon to sustain a
 few such contests for the benefit of other
 peopled interests—such as they are injured
 rather than benefitted—and a change will be
 very apt to come over the spirit of their
 dreams.
 As to the finale of such test cases,” i
 matters little whether the Maryland slave
 holders succeed or fail. All the slave-catching
 laws which can be concocted, and all the de
 cisions of courts that may be obtained in favor
 ol slavery, will go for naught, while the in
 herent impulse for freedom animates the
 heart of the enslaved, and the means of suc
 cor sre within his reach. Self-emancipation
 will go oh in defiance of the machinations of
 the slaveholders and their hired sjaye-hounds
 in the free States. Look at the perils run
 and tfie privations undergone by such "chat
 tels as William box Brown, and William
 and Ellen Cr»fL They a tale that ought
 to teach the oppressor th e futility of those
 movements which desperation is now madly
 concocting.
 As xn illustration of the force of oar re
 marks, we may state that we have private
 advices from Delaware, which indicate a con
 tinued increase in the nomber of fugitixe
 slaves from Maryland and elsewhere, who
 past along that route. A correspondent oi
 ours there, incidentally mentions a recent case
 whjph goes ahead of even the Crafts, for
 craftiness. It seepna fh*&lt; a mulatto man,
 whose completion bad been bleaphed by suc
 cessive stWtlg»WPd*ons, so ss to approximate
 closely that of pur own move favored race,
 has oome successfully from ss far South as
 Georgia, in this wise; He travelled in the
 public conveyances to Richmond, Virginia,
 and thence to Wilmington, Delaware, on foot.
 Getting out of funds, he succeeded in so in
 gratiating himself with a noted slave-dealer,
 as to borrow several hundred dollars of him,
 with a pan of which be dined at the best ho
 tel at Havre de Grace, Maryland, while wait
 ing for the host which conveys the oars serose
 the Susquehanna river at that place, in which
 any white man may ride backwards and for
 wards with pleasure! Of course, be ia now
 safe in Quepn Victoria’s dominions for we
 understood that a branch qf the underground
 railroad k eoonfpied fith that place. Our
 correspondent shrowdiy and remarks
 that the sltvsiiolders shoqld be careful not
 whttnoash their “chattels” so stash, seeing
that it renders it so difficult to distinguish
 them from men '.—Pittsburg Dispatch.
Foote Cloy.
 In the Senate ef the United States, a few
 days since—
 Mr. Foote' interposing, inquired whether
 the Senator, coming as he did from a slave
 holding State, felt himself authorized to vote
 for the admission of California as site now
 presents herself.
 Mi. Clay replied with much warmth, that
 it was not the first time that be had been re
 minded that he represented a slaveholding
 constituency. Sir, (he said,) I tell the gen
 tleman 1 know whence 1 came—l know tny
 duty also, and am ready to meet any respon
 sibility which my course may incur. (Ap
 plause.) Much has been said about alle
 giance to the South, and neglect of and trea
 son to her interest. For one. he knew no
 allegiance to the South, as a section, —he
 owed allegtanoe to two sovereignties—one the
 sovereignty of the Union, and the othet the
 sovereignty of the State of Kentucky. To
 these sovereignties he acknowledged alle
 giance, and to their interests he felt himsell
 pledged; but if gentlemen supposed that he
 acknowledged any allegiance to a Southern
 Confederation now, or in the prospective, he
 would tell them that he utterly repudiated
 such allegiance—he would not live under
 such a confederation. (Applause.) His duty
 to the Union, and lb his State, he was pre
 pared to do at all times,and having performed
 that to the best of his ability, accoidtng to the
 light that was give* him, he was prepared to
 sustain all the responsibilities which attached
 to his acts. He would say fuithet, he re
 ceived last night resolutions passed by the
 Legislature of Kentucky, one ot which ex
 pressed the hearty concurrence of that body
 m the whole series of propositions which he
 had submitted to the Senate. The resolution
 had been passed without a word of intimation
 on his behalf; for he had not written a single
 line to any member or officer of his legisla
 ture since the commencement of the session.
 He begged that-gentlemen would, in the
 continuation of this debate, restrict them
 selves within the limits of Senatorial decorum,
 avoiding all personalities. For one, if the
 contrary practice was to be continued, and
 offensive personalities were to be indulged in,
 he did not and could not know how far he
 might be able to trust himself, in vindication
 ’from the personalities of any man, no matter
 who he might be. But he had risen to vin
 dicate himself from the charge of inconsis
 tency, and desired now to say that he de
 signed, in the event of the Senate’s acting
 affirmatively upon his resolutions, to propose
 a separation or classification of the various
 subjects embraced, lor the purpose of giving
 each its appropriate and separate reference.
From the Massachusetts Spy.
 Mr. Spy Will you have the goodness to
 publish the following advertisement, for the
 especial benefit of the very worthy and hu
 mane gentleman who edits the "Family
 that he may understand and inform
 his readers what slavery means, and what
 means the compromise with slavery which he
 is so anxious to have effected and to have his
 readers pleased with 1 By so doing you will
 do them all a great kindness and much oblige.
 Yours, A Free Soilkr.
 Worcester, Jan. 5.
 NEGRO DOGS.
 The undersigned has on hand some of the
 best Dogs in the State, and he wishes to let
 the public know that he is prompt and ready
 to attend any calls that is not over 15 miles.
 He has been in the habit of charging every
 one five dollars for going and ten dollars catch
 ing each negro; he does not intend to reduce
 his former prices, but will charge more for
 land trips. He does not advise any person
 to-come after him unless he can take him to
 a trial that is not more than eight or ten hours
 old. Any person wanting a negro caught,
 will either go after him or send a man author
 ized to make a baigain with him before he
 starts. Some persons do not like their n'egroes
 caught with dogs on account of having them
 bit, he assures all such that if they request
 it, he can have them caught without being
 bit. Residence two miles west of Clinton, at
 the forks of the Jackson and Port Hudson
 roads.
 The money will be required when the work
 is performed, [jan. 24. J W. B. ROURK.
 P. S. The foiegoing advertisement I re
 ceived, via. New Orlaans, in the "Louisiana
 Floridian, published at Clinton, East Felici
 ana,” June 3, 1846. The date of the notice
 being Jan. 24, shows that it was a standing
 advertisement, and indicates a steady busi
 ness.
 It will be noticed by the careful reader,
 that ''some persons" are more squeamish than
 the generality of their neighbors, and do not
 like to have theii negroes "bit," any more than
 most sportsman do their game. F. S.
The League of Brotherhood.—We have
 hitherto mentioned the operations commenced
 in this countty to spread a knowledge of
 peace principles among the people oi Paris,
 and, eventually, ot all France. We see by
 tecent foreign papers that cortesponding efforts
 are now being made by our transatlantic
 friends in England and elsewhere. A com
 mittee has been formed in Paris itself to co
 operate with that of England. This body
 has made arrangements to dine together every
 month, when the general operations will be
 discussed and diiected. A monthly "olive
 leaf’ will be issued in the French language,
 containing short paragraphs adapted to the
 popular mind in France. This will be for
 warded by post every month to about 800
 newspapers, with a request to tpe editors to
 insert such of the articles as they may ap
 prove in their respective journals. By thus
 feeding the continental press, it is hoped to
 iiubue public sentiment abroad as well as at
 home with the principles of peace and brother
 hood. These “olive leaves” are also to be
 distributed by hand among the ourviers
 (workmen) of Parts and other large towns.
 An effort will be made, in accotdance with a
 suggestion of M. de Lamartine, to form cor
 responding committees in ail the principal
 towns in France. In this way the combined
 influence of many ol the roost progressive
 minds on the Continent will be.brought to
 bear in promoting the widest possible exten
 sion of peace and brotherhood. Is not this
 an age worth living ini —New England
 Washingtonian.
Pius IX the world is wondering at
 the change in the sentiment of Pope Pins IX,
 who is said to regard his former liberal opin
 ions as a great error—a sin, deserving the
 toourge of pod; and many fire the causes to
 which this change ia attributed; we can give
 it in a single word— Jesuitism.
Clay’s Compromise. —The Washington
 correspondent'of the N. Y. Herald of Tuee
 d»y
 ffompromise of Mr. Clay presented
 this morning, roused tip the whole south from
 Virginia to Texas, in opposition toil upon
 one point or another. Hie scheme waa la
 terally demolished. He considers the policy
 of a "masterly inactivity,” a dereliction of
 duty but the difficulty of doing any thing
 may enforoe this policy of doing nothing.
 Mr. Clay proposes to admit California—to
 provide governments for the territories, and
 to aay nothing about slavery,
 He waa listened to with profound attention;
 but was met with determined resistance. His
 scheme msy be cosiderad ns defeated; it is at
 less! s step towards a compromise. Not s
 single northean roan rose to the support of
 Mr. Clay —not a man from the south. He
 stood alone. But this was a mere skirmish—
 the battle has yet to be fought,
 Mr. Clay is admiupd to have sustained his
 high reputation; bat the northern men must
 have tM proviso, and the southern men must
 have s more dt*"-ci compromise The det
 “-Jibn from New York tsMt &lt;tf UMUiog a
 card, defining their p&lt;oStt!uu&gt;J which eat her
 masterly inactivity” or Th?
 position of the MUM wdertuwd to bn
settlement of this dispate— other business af
 terwards. If noteiog is dooe witk it, we
 probably hare no appropriations to carry
 on the government.”
Lake Nicaragua. —Lake Nkaiagua is de
 scribed as a magnificent stream, and the sce
 nery on its borders is remarkable fur beauty.
 The banks near the sea are low, and are co
 vered with palms, which look like so many
 plumes. Higher up the banks are more ele
 vated, “and covered with a dense mass of
 verdure, coming down like a wall to the very
 edge of the water. These are the broad leaf-*
 plaintain, the gigantic cebia, the slender co
 coa palm, besides an hundred other strange
 varieties twined and bound together with
 vines, covered with bright flowers end hang
 ing their long pliant tendrils from every stem.
 On this mass of impenetrable verdure which
 never fades, parrots and noisy macaws glan
 ced in and out»long necked cranes mounted
 on the sand bars, bright green iguanss looked
 from the over-hanging limbs, and queer mon
 keys hung by their tails and chattered vocif
 erously. The Lake Nicaragua is a remar
 kably fine body of. water; nearly as large as
 Lake Ontario. On the north, are the undu
 lating slopes and grassy hills of Chartales,
 the paradise of the cattle raisers—on the
 south, for a long distance, are the rugged
 hills towaids Costa Rica, the abode of tire
 untamed Indians of the department of Ni
 caragua, lately the seat of terrible motions;
 the department of Grenada, with its indigo
 and cocoa estates, and its volcanic peaks. In
 the midst of the lakes rises the regular cone
 Ometne, a very fine fhountain, and by its
 side the volcano of Maderia capped with
 clouds.
 Black Diamonds vs. Yellow Gold. —The
 supplies of coal sent to market for the year
 18-19, from all the| anthracite coal regions in
 Pennsylvania, is estimated by reliable au
 thoiity at about 3,193,755 tons, being an in
 crease in the supply of 1849 over that of 1848
 of about 125,000 tons. The average cargo
 price of this coal—and it has been unusually
 low this season—has been 3 62 1-2 —thus
 making the anthracite mines of Pennsylvania
 yield $11,577,361 worth of coal during the
 present year. The yield of the Calilornia
 gold mines, this season, will fall short of this
 immense sum; and yet, from all accounts,
 there has been more capital employed, and
 more men engaged, in working the golden
 sands of the Sacramento Valley, than in get
 ting out the “black diamonds” of Pennsyl
 vania. And further, all these coal operations
 are carried on noiselessly, without astonish
 ment or excitement, and what is better, there
 is no need of leaving home and frinds and
 country, and travelling 17,000 miles to gather
 up the vast treasures of the coal regions.
 While the old maxim holds good that all is
 not gold that glitters, it is equally obvious
 that some things that don’t glitter are as good
 as gold, if not better, as far as distance and
 trouble are concerned.
Canada Affairs. —The following des
 patch from Toronto, if true, indicates more
 trouble in Canada. It has been supposed
 that the British Government was nut averse
 to a separation from the Crown, and if this
 rumor proves true, we do not know how to
 account for the very general impiession which
 has prevailed on the subject, unless there has
 been a sudden change of policy.
 ToRONTO.Feb. 1.
 ljotd Elgin has received a despatch from
 Earl Gray, urging him to use every means in
 his power to suppress any movement in favor
 of annexation, thanking him for what had al
 ready been done and declaring that so long as
 any portion of people are desir
 ous of maintaining connection with the mo.
 ther country, they will be supported Jby the
 whoce power, Mood and treasure of F.nglahd.
 A Would-be Missionary. —A Mr. Jones
 advertises his plantation for sale, in a southern
 religious paper, and includes in the advertise
 ment, “fifty or sixty servants, which are con
 stantly increasing in number and value.” He
 wishes to sell, he says, as he has a desire to*
 become a missionary.
Receipts
 -Fur the North Star, for the Week ending
 February 27, 1850-
 Calvin Gilmore 2,00
 John F. Williams 2,00
 J. 11. Newton 1,00
 Dr. G. S. Colnveu 1,00
 Henry Macpherson 2,00
 Isaac Titus 2,00
 A. Coolage 2,00
 Loienzo Mabbitt 1,00
 Orrin Preston 1,00
 Robert Palmer 1,00
 M. E. Evans 2,00
 Elijah Lewis 1,00
 3. S. Russell 2,00
 Ditto donation 3,00
 George Doughty dou 3,00
 Robert Fortin do 2,00
 N. E. C. &amp;M. S. Evans do 5,00
 Isaac L. Miller do 1,00
 Davis Gairett do 1,00
 William Esther Ilibberl do 2,00
 S. A. Vanhorn do 50
 James Davis do 50
 Ellick Jones do 50
 Hugh Dever do 50
 John Brown do 50
 John Boyd do 50
 Harvey Ransom 2,00
 Almon Dickinson 2,00
 L. H. Bowser 2,00
 Ditto donation 2,00
 F. R. Newell 2,00
 J. W. Bonsall 1,00
 F. C. Purday 2.00
WISTAR’S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY.
 It was known many years ago that the wild che
 ry tree of this climate possessed valuable medicinal
 properties. Indeed, this fact was known to the
 aborigines, and a decoction of the leaves or bark of
 this tree has ever been regarded hy their physicians
 as one of the moat effectual remedies in many dis
 eases. This fact, several years since, arrested the
 attention of Dr Wistar, a highly respectable practi
 i ionei of Virginia. He investigated with care, the
 healing properties of tlie wild cherry—tested its
 effects when administered alone, and when in com
 bination with oilier remedial agent*. He found that
 its natural virtues might be greatly improved, and
 by combining it with ingredients, whose properties
 were well proved and generally recognised, a medi
 cine was produced which constitutes a remedy of
 great value in pulmonary affections and diseases of
 the chest and throat—diseases which are proverb
 ially prevalent in our cities and large towns, and
 often prpve fatal, swelling the bills of mortality to a
 much greater extent than is the case with most
 others, we liad alnost said all other classes of dig*
 eases.
 pCXAHIRK CLOSELY BEFORE PURCHASING.
 The genuine Balsam is put up in bottles, with the
 words “Dr.Wistar’s Bale am of wild cher
 ry,” J*hil:i,” blown In the glass; each bottle bear
 ing a label on the front, with the signature of
 H. WISTAR, M.D.
 This will be enveloped heieafter with a wrapper
 copyright secured 1844, of which will atmear the
 written signature of L BUTTS." Any one
 counterfeiting the label or wrapper, or forging the
 signature of the General Agent, will be punished
 with the utmost rigor of the law.
 For sale by Post Will;*; also by Vim
 Pitkin.
 Popular Opinion.—lf popular opinion is any
 criterion of the worth of an article, we invite the
 iocredniout to read at least a faw of the many vo
 luntary certificates which appear in our columns
 respecting the great variety of remarkable fcures ef
 fected by the use of Sloan’s celebrated Ointment
 and Condition Powders.
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility—they have paced from Ikr. ,tide of
 experiment and nqw #a*d higher in repotatioo, and
 are becoming more extensively used tkau all other
 articles of the kind —Jfi eh. City AW*.
 OCHJee Agents’ names at the head of A loan’s
 column. For further gad ywtirpsiilii
 get Pamphlets of Aymts. ___
 f^r.
 .mg daughter of Lloyd and MaRY
SUmerttsementß
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 rouatant, sad Confidential Letter Writer,
 would moat respectfully inform his friend* and the
 public in general, that he Ini for their accommoda
 tion, opened his office for the keeping of Books,
 casting accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 the drawing of Bonds, articles of agreement, Con
 stitutions, bye-laws, reports, communications, kc.
 kc., at No. ICS, South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by bis strict attention to business be hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hour*
 from 9 a.m. to 9 Ml.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of whiclTcan be obtained; and the sale of la&gt;u in
 Lein non Cemetery. tf
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and Uae public, dial one of the firui has
 now returned from Europe, where he has hi-en pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, kc., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 I*be designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE A ND ALL,
 CALI. HID SEE TOR YOURSELVES as w foel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less dian the materials can be
 purchased elsewliere, ami made up in a more supe
 rior main er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks ami Visettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 aud will be sold off at astonishingly low tri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSI.EY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Alain st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3tn
Hair-Cutting aud Dressing at
 ZD. k J. PATTERSON’s Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov lb—3m
The Old Cnrosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester
 Lloyd sco'fr, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends ami the public generally, that fie lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented bis stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children's. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment lie will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends’’ of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Cnrosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 l)ont forget The Old Curosity Sliop.
 Rochester March 1849.
NARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to la*
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37Jc
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, tliat I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all wlio may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those wlio are de
 sirous ofliaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me amt satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
 Rail-Road Time.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains wifi commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12k A.M. ,Bk a.m., 1 t.m. 7!p.m.
 Westward—at 8j A. M., 2 P.M., 5J r.M. 11 p.m
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
For Sale Cheap,
 Twenty building lots, in ti* Ninth
 Ward of llie City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 walk from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately,
 will lie accommodated on easy terms. Said Lots
 Iront on Thompson Street aud Morell’s Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neat ONE-HORSE CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or an interview may be had at iny
 apartments in Weekaville, from 4 to 6 o’clock p.m.
 every day iu the week, Saturdays excepted.
 jan 4—6 w
Elihu Burritt’s Newspaper.
 IMIE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. Elihu Bur
 ritt, Proprietor; Elihu Burritt, Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Editors; Edmuhii Fra, Lon
 don, J. B. Symk, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Paris Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVENTH VOLUME of this large ami
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1850. Terms One Dollar and Fifty
 Cents per annum, invariably in advance. Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 The Citizen is the organ of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the (great reformatory questions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises ot
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in the
 spirit of peace. It speaks for the stave as a brother
 bound; and for the abolition of all institutions and
 custnms which do not respect the image of God
 and a human brother, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be post paid, and directed to eitlier of* the
 Editors, at WQROESTER, MASS.
 jan 4—eaw 4t
 TAMES W. continues to
 O keep the Groeery on Second Street, corner oi
 Elm, North side. Has constantly on ham) every
 variety of Groceries. 3m
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 HOME for reformers.
 THE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house, No. 2£ Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be llie central place in Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner J&amp;c., may meet together,'and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 288 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston i Aug, 21,1848.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 •ellor at Law, Braser’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 66, Union Street, Boston.
 J OHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on bond a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, Jto, exchanged for new
 clotting. Cash advanced on all kinds ef goods.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 JJR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad-
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Freuds and thePabhe, that she has removed
 from ISO to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, where site will continue to eautrtain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11,1849,
 E LLIB A, POTTER’S Ready Made Cfotfong
 Store. 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 efel Assortment of Gentlemen’* Furnishing Arucfea,
 constantly o« hand.
 May 18,1649,
 W^IAM B- UXMN.Dseiey in FtuA»bnabk
 uuJT* New
 tSetlfOtUe
 ■am* constantly or hand a |ood aisort
 _ will sell cheap for cash. Stnrt attention
 paid h» custom-made work, by Messrs, Parker and
 Daria.
 ASHINGTON’S Daguerrian Gallery, IX
 Main Street. Kellogg’s, Buildings, Hartford
 •aatetteut.
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
CO- All the medicine* advertised by W. B. Skmn
 are sold by Post A Willis, Window A Young, Bo-
 Chester; 8. Kenohaw, Frankfort A. 8. Bairtto A
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsford; W. William., Rufe urf by
 ato.-t druggists throughout the United Stole*.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT i* now uniterwUy ac
 knowledged to be an infidliibfe remedy, in every
 case where it has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and ia its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that h»« ever heen used. AH diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cats, Cmuuwom*
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, hack, and the
 Other parts of the system. Boils, Ulcere, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every kad at'
 sores containing I lie least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 vV. B. SLOAN,
 Gram! Depot, 40|Lake st., Chicago, 18.
DOCTORING IN UAI.ENA.
 Mn. Sloan:— Dear Str. A lint u tbree years age
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by the
 foiling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Galena
 tried to cure lliem; lait tried in vaiw, until front
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad ns the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well ag.'Jn —bur in order
 that I might neglect no means i- .tHin my reach, I
 purchased of your agent iu Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o f my surprise ami
 gratitude better titan can express it, to find my
 sell entirely well before 1 had finished using the
 second box. RoRMB
 These tacts I make known tliat otlmrs afflicted
 many tielieve ami not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 yottr grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND RNEKS.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Allied, eleven years of age, wa a
 afflicted in his feet from the time ke first Began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of rraks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was oblige, 1 to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has m been free front
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise bis feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from -racks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of km
 own, from hearing in reconunc.mled. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three week.,, at which time
 Ids feet were near ahout in a lic i'.lUy utile, and are
 now the same as though they never iutd lieen other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Kuox Co., 2il, 1849.
FIVE large deep ulcers.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Str: In my opinion,
 llie greatest cures effected are those that liave
 longest resisted die skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact; 1 have a ease in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above tlie ankle. Tlie leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing die swelling ami liealed tw o
 of tlie sores. The other three I tailored at till die
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a font of Si.oan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks lie was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
u SLOAN»S OINTMKXT d
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE earned a great name.
 BURNT TO CINDERS^
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thank* for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught lire, and before tiie flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child,, was so badly burned that deadi seemed inevi
 table in less tlian twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 all and w orf than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion. Hp
 I feel fmaedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perforin.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28tb, 1849. J
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughness SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT sExcelt,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G tils ol all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfest,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove ami
 fever, purify the blood, leoseu the skin, cleans* the
 water, and strengthen every part of the Ixalv; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-humid, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fetal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lakest., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in ne
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with roafi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been efleetrd
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the hone
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the taw of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and teat for your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May oth, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OT.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat,* Wit.
 May 9,1849.
 “Sloar’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to any,
 that hr has used Mr. Sloes’* Huise Ointment in
 several instances during the pest winter, and
 always with the desired eftset, and wishes us to
 recommend it to thane who have the we and care
 of boraes. Mr. Skwo’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and bom the fevorabie ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are piepared with a view to
 give a rrol benofit to whatever purpose they are re*
 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 Dr. W. B. SloaK —Dear Sir —Lest morlk Mr
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, ladkw*, y
 hone badly bitten on tne nose by a Tfittlrual*
 Some ten hours after, I apw thehwy hi* head was
 remarkably swollen, I i«Br£iatoly applied your
 Ointment w- astonished at fee
 prompt roHef aibrdws. fa feu than one hear the
 swelling be**' to abate, and m twenty fear hoars it
 had Bfariy ah sahsided, and within three days fen
 hone was not only it for aw, but was actually pest®
 hard labor without any usurious result.
 1. S.’ B
 jpru win fell
 Ciucaob, Ibb§ 91k, 1849 _
