rOETRT.
the National Em.
 TO JOHN C. CALHOUN.
 I« thin tin to«p, nh&lt;i*c (reblt ww* of fear
 *he via It Awl due* dimi stmkr to hear,
 Aet*-on4iVr, the lot of thy own homtiV,
 Rp«r»i«H the Wj, and leaping o'er their bound*t
 Sore baffled •titwaM, whet tin- ea per hand,
 With speme antltpped the hunzrr park.
 To hunt down Freedom in her damn load!
 Iladst thou no fc-ar, that, ere long, doaUiag hack.
 Three dogs of thine might wnaf ow Hlamy't
 •Mkt
 Where** now the bout which rrta thy gnarde
 tongnr,
 CoU, calm, and proa I, in theAeeth o* the Hemitr
 O’or the fulfilment of thy Inlrftl plan,
 Like Satan’* Inn.nph at the fall of man!
 How atood’at tie mi thea, thy feet on Freedom |&gt;L»nt-
 Aad pointing to the lor id heaven afar,
 Whence all Oowld aee, throogh the modi window*
 ■Untiag,
 Crin Mon an Mood, the Ijra n* of the Lone Star!
 The Fate* are jiwt; they "ire n* lat oor own;
 Neme*M ripens what our hand* hare sawn.
 There is aa F.a*tern atonr, n*t unknown,
 HwlilleM, thee, of one whose tnagic skill
 a lie I demons up wrator jam to fill;
 I Wily an I silcutl&gt; they Hid hia will.
 Hut, when the tvk w»» done, kept pxtrinj still.
 In rain, with spell and charm, die wizard wrought,
 Faster and Cuter were the* I racket* br»uglit,
 Higher and highrr rose the flood around,
 Till tlm fir-!id« clipped their ha-vis above their mas
 ter drowned.
 So, Carolina, it may prove w ith thee,
 For Cxi *till orerr.iles man’s sriiemes, and takes
 Craftiness in it* self-iwt snare,and makes
 Tlie wrath of man to prai«e him. It may bo,
 TJtat die roused spirits of Detn-jcracv
 May l'*ave the freer Stat"s the earn* wi&lt;le door
 Through w hich thy slave-cursed Texans entere d
 in,
 From out die l#lood an 1 fire, the wrong and sin,
 ♦&gt;f the stormed city and tin* gliastly plain,
 Heat by hot hail, and wet with bloody rain,
 A myriad-handed A tree host may pour,
 And swarthy Smith with pallid North combine,
 Rark on thyself to turn thy dark design,
 And heave the engineer of Evil with his mine!
 J. a. w.
 THE BURSTING OF THE CHAIN..
 AW AHTHEM FOR THF. THIRD CFKTERART Of
 THE REFORMATION.
 An offering to the shrine of Power
 Our hands'sliall never bring—
 A garland on the car of Pomp
 Our hands shall never fling—
 Applauding in the conqueror's path,
 Our voices ne’er shall lie;
 Rut wc have hearts to Itonor those
 Who liade the world go free!
 Stern Ignorance man’s soul had I round,
 1.1 fetters, rusted o’er
 With tears—with scalding human tears,
 And re with human gore;
 Rut men arose—the men to whom
 Wc la-ad the freeman’s knee,
 Who, God-encouraged, burst the chain,
 And made our fathers free!
 Light dwelt where darkness erst had lwen,
 The m &gt;m of Min 1 arose—
 The dawning of that day of Live
 Which never nnre shall close:
 Jo&gt; grew more joyful, an 1 more green
 1 lie valley and die lea
 The glorious sun from Ileavcw looked down,
 And smiled upon the free!
 Truth came and mode its home below;
 And Universal Love,
 And Brotherhood, and Peace, and Joy,
 Are following from above;
 And happy ages on tlic earth
 Humanity shall sec;
 A'nd happy li|&gt;s shall bless their names,
 Who ma le onr children free!
 Praise to the Good—the Pure—the Great,
 Who made us wliat wc are!
 Wlio lit the flame which yet shall glow
 With radiance !&gt;righter far:
 Glory to them in coining time,
 And through eternity!
 They burst the Captive’s galling chain,
 And bade tlm world go free!
 ROBERT NICOL.
 THERE’S NOTHING IN VAIN.
 BT ELIZA COOK.
 Oh! prize not the essence of heauty alone,
 And dis Jain not the weak and The mean in oor way;
 For the world is an engine—tlie Architect’s own,
 Where the wheels of the least keep the larger in
 play.
 We love the fair valley, with bloom in the shade;
 We sing of green hills—of the gra;»e ami the grain;
 But lie sure the Creator did well wlirn he made
 The stark desert and marsh, for there's nothing in
 mu.
 We may question the locust that darkens the land,
 And the snake, (linkin'' arrows of «k*»th from its eye
 nut re-nember they rome from the Infinite hand,
 And shall man, in his littleness, dare to ask why I
 Oh, let us not speak of the useless” and “vile;”
 They mav seem sn to ns, lr.it lie slow to arraign;
 From the savage wolf’s cry to the happy child’
 smile
 From the mite to the mammoth there’s nothing ii
 vain-
 There’* a miui n, no doubt, for the worm in th
 dust,.
 As there is for tlie cliargei, with nostrils of pride;
 The sloth and the newt have their places of trust,
 Awl the agents are ne»de I, for God has supplied.
 Oil could we but trace tlie gn-at meaning of all,
 An I w hat delicate links form the ponderous cltnin.
 From the dew drops that rise to the *tar drop* tiia
 fall,
 H o slmuld see but one purpose,-and nothing in vain
 OI.l) FRIENDS TOGETHER.
 BY CHARLES SWAIN.
 Oh, time is sweet, when roses meet.
 With spring’s sweet breath around them;
 And sweet tlie cost when heart* are lo*t,
 If ll»o&gt;&gt;r we live have found t!»em
 And sweet tlie mind that stilt •'an finJ
 A star in darkest w rubier;
 Rut nought ea i l&lt;e so *w&lt;i-t to see.
 Am old fri'- 4 .i* met together.
 Timur day* of oil »h*s yooth was Ivild,
 And tiin* stole wings to speed it,
 And youth ne’er knew bon fa«t time flew.
 Or knowin; did ms heed it!
 Though gray each In ow dial meet* n* bow
 Fur age Ivi-it* wintry weather.
 Ter nought run he so sweet to re,
 A* thnor old friend* tngrthrr!
 TV &lt;*w »—r I.R-rwr u!»« yewi* U*V« mown,
 T Ith lieart* that f&lt; k udabip Ur Mr*
 A hnsof in eh,#-, (arrimm, a tear,
 To nrsli* a liral’, iliatirav*;
 ho »*Hwd and iri«4. m,H mdr In *wfr,
 A ftnnl i» fare Itard wtaihut;
 &lt;Hi, iho. may at ~i i,,
 Alai MU 41 It m mi* u-g. thm
SELECT 10X8*
From the Buetuu A tin*.
 ALEIAMDBB DUMAS.
 Public charity is terally developed
 in the United Stales at a meeting, with
 its President, Vice President*, Secre
 taries, Committees of nine and sub
 committees of three filling up the
 newspapers with long strings of empty
 resolutions. When John Pull gives
 anything, it is after a good dinner, en
 livened by “Rule Britannia from a
 brass band, and the hip—hip—hurra
 of a red-nosed toast-master. The
 Germans send a pretty girl to knock at
 a man’s door, (accompanied by a du
 enna,) and hold out a purse with leh
 habe es nothing backed by a silver*
 winning smile. In Spain the benefi
 ciaries get up a Bull-tight; and Mehemct
 Ali extracts alms from the purses of his
 Egyptian subjects with the aid of a file
 of soldiors. But in France, that land
 ho especially devoted to the worship of
 Terpsichore, charity calls the figures
 in a ball-room; and of the many given
 every winter, the most profitable, as
 well as the most interesting, is the
 Ball of the Dramatic Fund.” This is
 generally held in one of the Opera'
 Homes, fitted up for the purpose, and&lt;
 strangers attend to see the literary cel
 ebrities and pretty actresses. Rachel,
 Grisi, and the other priestesses ol
 Melpomene, hold their courts in the
 boxes where the men of letters pay
 their homage; while mingling in the j
 dance with untiring spirit, may be seen
 Thalia's merry servitors, headed by j
 Dejazet and Rose Cheri. The first
 1 mentioned class are in full ball dress,:
 several wearing jewels which a duch
 j ess might envy; bat their livelier sis
 ters arc attired in all sorts of eccentric
 and anomalous costumes, many proving
 the known propensity of the fair sex toi
 assume the habiliments of the lords of.
 creation.
 Five years since—it was my first
 month in Paris—l attended one of these
 balls, and gazed about as any young:
 man would, who had just been trans-.
 planted from the Southern backwoods;
 to a gay metropolis.' A kind friend
 pointed out the most noted personages
 present, and when the evening was half
 spent took me into the box of Madame j
 Rachel, to whom lie presented me.
 Reserving the Queen of Tragedy for a
 future portrait, I shall not now describe!
 her, or her conversation, which was:
 suddenly interrupted, by the entrance;
 of a tall, fashionably dressed man who
 kissed Madame Rachel’s hand, and
 was cordially received. And yet I felt
 a strong disposition to kick him out of
 the box! Why? because, as I have
 just said, I was fresh from the “sunny
 Sonth,” and it seemed wrong for a
 tcltile lady, of such acknowledged talent, I
 to be so familiary treated by a mulatto.
 Yes, the newcomer was a mulatto, with
 thick lips, a frizzled woolly head, and
 all the peculiarities of the negro race.
 Luckily for him, though, lie does not
 inhabit a land of liberty”—his breast
 is covered with the jewelled orders be
 stowed upon him by the Soverigns of
 Europe—he is a guest at their tables—
 he lives in a more princely style than
 any man in America—anti all strangers
 visiting Paris consider it a rare favour
 to be introducced to this mulatto —Al-i
 exandre Dumas.
 Dumas was born at Villcrs Cottcrets,
 a small French hamlet, on the 23d of!
 July, 1803. His mother was from the!
 West Indies; his father was an officer
 in Napoleon’s army, where his bravery
 won him a general’s commission, but he;
 died thirty-seven days before he had
 served thirty years—necessary in order
 to obtain a pension for his widow. The
 public treasury thus economized the
 widow’s mite, and she had nothing but
 thirty acres of ground, to the proceeds,
 of which she was soon enabled to join
 six hundred francs a year, the rent of a
 license to sell tobacco. This was ob-!
 tamed for her by M. dc Violaines, her
 cousin, who was forest guard of the!
 Duke of Orleans, now King, and by I
 his advice Alexandre was sent to a
 village school, kept by an old priest,
 who charged his scholars sixty cents a
 month.
 I Here Dumas acquired his education,
 and at the age of fifteen was apprenticed
 to a Notary Public, in whose office he
 j copied deeds until he was twenty,
 only dreaming of some day becoming
 Notary General of the district. Just
 then the Count dc Leuven was exiled
 from Paris by the Bourbons, and coming
 to reside at Villers Cottcrets, Dumas
 became acquainted w ith young Adolphe
 de Leuven, who had just left college. 1
 He inflamed Dumas with a desire to f
 compose pieces for the theatres, and
 the two young men wrote a vaudeville
 1 called Un Diner d’JLnis. It was sent
 to a manager, hut he refused to have it
 performed, alleging that it w’ould cer
 tainly be hissed—a refusal that only
 stimulated the writers to compose
 i another. But the literary partnership
 was dissolved by the return of the
 Lcuvensto Paris, and Dumas determin
 ed to follow them. His mother sold her
 plot of land, giving him sixty francs,
 (less than twelve dollars,) and her
 blessing—he played a game of dominoes
 with the stage proprietor, and won !ti&lt;
 1 place. Arrived at Paris, he hired a
 small garret at a hotel in the Place de*
 Italians, and called on General Foy,
 who had been his father's friend, to ask
 for some situation which would enable
 him to gain his bread, until his litcran
 labours were productive,
 What canst thou do r” asked the
 General.
 Nothing,” replied Dumas.
 “Nothing! Why thou must know
 a little of mathematics, of drawing, of
 grammar, of Latin—in fact all those
 studies that every one knows?”
 No, General, J must say that 1
 have never been a very hard student,
 and am deplorably ignorant.*’
 Diablc! That is embarrassing
 No matter—leave me your address
 and I will see what I can find for the&lt;
 to do."
 Dumas sat down at a table, tool
 •ome paper, and wrote. The General
 who had been watching him, crier
 &gt;ut
 Hell, well! Didst thou not sa*
 thou didst not know am thing? and 1
 see thy hand-writing is splendid. Tha
 is something, and I hope will procun
 thee a good place."
 Three year* afterwards Dumas en
 •••led the Sturtirj i offi. yf th*
Duke of Orleans, as copying clerk,
 nnd soon brought out, with De Leuven
 And Rousoeau, a piece, called the
 Chaste, m f Amour which had fifty
 representations, and brought dim four
 francs each time, la France, literary
 property is regarded as the result ol
 the most noble faculties of man, and is
 entitled to the same protection as Any
 merchandise. Here in America, if a
 wealthy manufacturer purchases a
 patent right, the law enables him to
 recompense himself for his investment;
 while the editor, who pays a high price
 for an article, sees it copied into sheets
 which boast of being “cheaper than
 any ether,” without the slightest ac
 knowledgment.
 Dumas’s success as a dramatic writer
 soon placed him in independent cireuro
 mances; but like the ancient warrior
 who sighed for more worlds to conquer,
 he was not content with the applause ol
 the theatre, and became a Romancer.
 This class of writings the French claim
 as peculiarly and entirely their own.
 The Ramon dn bruit one of the oldest
 works in their language, was composed
 in the middle of the twelfth century,
 and was soon followed by the Romans
 de la Table Ronde, which exercised so
 great an influence on (the chivalry of
 Europe. Louis the ,Eleventh —that
 blood-thirsty monarch —-is said to have
 amused himself from time to ime, in
 writing some little obscene story. Anne
 of Austria, introduced the gallant stories
 of Spain, and Madame de Scuderi
 penned long talcs composed of heroism,
 scepticism, and love. Then came
 Mademoiselle de Lafayette, who took
 1 for her object truth and nature, rejecting
 the Princesse de Cleren, in the same
 spirit, as that in which her friend, Mad
 ame de Sevigne, wrote her letters.
 Fcnelon, that brilliant genius of Louis
 XiV’s court, raised the Romance to an
 unhoped-for dignity, by bis Telemayue,
 a work which Homer and Plato com
 bined, could not have surpassed.
 With the eighteenth century came
 Gil Bias, which is to France what Don
 Quixote is to Spain, and Tom Jones to
 England. Voltaire wrote his Heloise,
 i that burning story of young love, and
 then, after the Virginie of Bernardin de
 St. Pierre had flung its chaste light
 over French romance, that romance be
 came extinguished—as the century it
 self was extinguished—in corruption
 and in vice. Democracy ruled trium
 phant, and the guillotine was more at
 tractive than tive purest creations of the
 mind.
 But there was a woman who brought
 back hope to the lovers-of French Ro
 mance—a woman whose mind opposed
 Napoleon, whose eye pierced to the
 bottom of his soul, and sounded all the
 most hidden depths of his heart. Mad
 am de Stael swayed at her will a thous
 and varied passions, and her Corinne
 is one of the inaster-pieces of romance.
 And her Delphiue too, where one finds
 the germs of her subsequently devel
 oped opinions, the romance of her own
 life, though her death is not there.—
 She passed away in Paris, in 1817, and!
 but an hour before she gave up the
 ghost requested to be permitted to look
 once more upon the sun. Her friends
 carried her into her garden, and there,
 under the shade of a favorite rose tree,
 she gave them its leaves as souvenirs,
 with words of affection, of love, of hope.
 Madame de Genlis came next, that
 volatile woman, who instilled everything
 but moral principle into the mind of
 Louis Philippe. The Exiles dc la Si
 berie of Madame Cottin not only im
 mortalized her, but gave to Silvio Pclico
 the first idea of his Le Mic Peigioni;
 and here we are, arrived at the present
 epoque, when romance has left its
 thin volumes and the shelves of cir
 culating libraries. You will find it in
 the columns of the daily press, the in
 tellectual life of the nineteenth century
 —the groat agent of moral civilization,
 as Dickens culls it. Long and brilliant
 has thus been the 9way of romance in
 France, and the most popular of its min
 istering writers, by far, is Alexandre
 Dumas. His writings are read with far
 greater avidity than those of Sue, or
 Balzac, or even that gifted woman
 whose syren-like thoughts win the
 heart, while they destroy its purity—
 George Sand.
 Dumas resides near St. Germain, on
 the road to Marley, formerly inhabited
 by Louis the XIV. and now the summer
 retreat of many a literary character,
 among the rest Mr. Vattemare, whose
 system of international exchange is so
 much talked of. The invited goes by rail
 road to St.Gcrmain, where Dumas’car
 riage with richly liveried servants, is in
 1 waiting, and his blood horses soon whirl
 you to the terrace before the chateau.
 I Here you can see the old palace in
 which James 11. died, the pavilion in
 which Louis XIV. was born, the house
 j of Sully, the aqueduct of Marly, the
 winding Seine, and Paris in the distance.
 The chateau eclipses all buildings in its
 vicinity, and though far inferior in size
 i to many, is probably the most beautiful
 structure in the world. It is built ol
 white cut stjne, exquisitely carved a
 bout the doors and windows, after the
 models of Jeau Goujou, and is a reali
 zation, without and within, of the castles
 erected in the clouds, by young hearts,
 in their dreamy hours. There is a
 I drawingroom, gorgeous with gold and
 scarlet—a library, wh zse shelves groan
 under richly bolind volumes—a conaer*
 vatory, filled with exotics—an armory,
 j containing gift* from sovereigns—an
 eating-room, furnished with carved oak,
 and under it a wine cellar which would
 tempt a temperance lecturer.
 Behind the house there is a large
 garden; in the centre of the garden
 there is a large pond; in the centre of
 the pond there is a small pavilion, and
 reaching it by small boat, you will find
 Duinas.—There he labors like Sisyphus,
 from dawn to late at night, surrounded
 by some half dozen collaborateurg.
 One of these is perhaps engaged on a
 romance, another on a history, another
 m a drama, another answering letter*
 —and 1 have heard it said that Briarens,
 with his hundred arms, could m 4 write
 is much as Dumas composes; while old
 Boreas himself would be exhausted ii
 he attempt'd to fuilow las uupn*rtM*
 ’ions. Say, for instance, that a histori*
 cal romance is ordered for some news
 paper. Dumas sends a young man to
 ransack the Royal Library for notes
 illustrating the epoch. These are rend
 o lam at night, when lie has gone to
 red tired out, and the im it morning one
 4 his collah &gt;ralcurs receives the ptet.
When he has worked it «j», Dumas
 hears it ft ad, ordering additions and
 corrections. This is done two or three
 times, and then he copies it out lor the
 press; for every line that appears un
 der his signature goes to the printer in
 his own hand writing. A fine large
 round hand it too* remarkably clear,
 and never degenerating in neatness at
 the clone, as most men’s do.
 Damns’ pea is mortgaged to the
 Preee and Canstiiuriomiel, to each of
 which he agreed, some two years since
 in furnish nine thin volumes, for five
 successive ygurs—receiving upwards
 of $1*2,000 per annum. He has also
 the profits arising from their subsequent
 publication in book form, and the repre
 sentation of his dramas. Not long ago,
 he was one night at the theatre, suoer
 intending the rehearsal of one of his
 dramas, and complained that the stage
 eras too small. M Build a theatre lor
 yourself, and make me stage manager,
 said the master carpenter —in eleven
 months the Theatre Historiquc was
 opened. It surpasses any theatre in
 the world in the historical correctness
 i of its costumes and richness of decora-
 I tion, and only represents Dnmas’ origi
 nal pieces. Some of these are derived
 from his works, others translated, and
 i lie has just rendered to the Parisians
 the burning words of passion, of love,
 of hatred, and of glory, spoken by the
 bard of Avon, in all their original sub
 limity.
 To give even a brief sketch of Du
 mas’ romances, would be a ycar,s labor.
 Monte Christo stands unrivalled, unless
 it be by the Mcmoires d’un Mcdecin,
 whichdcscribesthefallof theßastile.the
 Directory, the Empire, and the Resto
 ration. The Vicointe de Bragelonne,
 now published in the Siccle, is full of
 interest and emotion, and a remarkable
 book, though replete with improbabili
 ties.
 Ilb travels in Italy and Syria all are
 familiar with, and, like his recent work
 on Spain, gives a more correct idea of
 1 the country than could be accomplished
 by the most laboured delineations. He
 visited Spain in the suite of the Duke
 de Montpensier, and his personal ap
 pearance, sparkling wit, and generous
 extravagance, created a great sensation
 at Madrid. He was seranaded, salu
 ted by applause at the theatres, and had
 his praises chanted by all the many
 poets. None ofthese ovations are men
 tioned in his book, in which a mere
 of the amusing personal ad
 ventures of his friends serves as a can
 vas on which to give vivid sketches of
 national peculiarities and manners.—
 lie was enabled, while in Spain, to in
 dulge his love of dress and gallantry—
 vices to which he is much addicted
 and on his return found that his ser
 vants had plundered his house and wine
 cellar most unmercifully—yet such, w as
 the sale of his book, that the voyage
 was a clear gain of nearly four thousand
 dollars. There is only one country
 I w ish to see," said Dumas last spring,
 as we were taking a cup of coffee to
 gether one day on the Boulevard.
 “And what country is that;” I asked.
 “America.” Coine over, then; it
 is but a fortnight’s journey." “The
 distance is nothing, but the idea that I
 might be insulted on account of my
 complexion, is a sufficient barrier to
 keep me away. Why, Sir, I was on
 my way to St. Germain one day in the
 cars, and though my knowledge of Eng-!
 lish is imperfect, distinctly understood j
 a lady to say, that in the United States
 I would he expelled from the car.”
 AN APPRENTICES WAY OF AC
 QUIRING A LIBRARY.
 “Why, Frank Wilson! How
 where on earth did you get these
 books? Here? what? the Ivnicker-;
 bocker, too! and the North American?,
 Now, Frank, I have ten dollars a year
 more than you; yet I have to send
 down to father for money almost every
 month. You take the Knickerbocker,
 indeed! Why there are none but;
 ’Squire W r aters and Dr. Marvin in the'
 whole town who think themselves able
 to have such a costly work, which is
 only meant for a few rich people toi
 read. Pretty well, eh for a poor ap
 prentice. Where did you get that
 book-case, and all those books that you;
 have got stuck up there? Let’s see;
 Plutarch’s Livesl Who’s he? what’s
 that about? Rollin’s Jlncicnl History!
 why didn’t he write it in one small book
 as w’ell as to have a dozen about it?—
 Gibbon’s Rome! there is no such place
 in the United States. W T hy, my dear
 fellow, whaf a long list of outlandish
 names you have got here! Let me
 sce Milton, Shakespeare, Young,
 Pope, Drjden, Cowper. Bacon, Locke,
 Goldsmith, and all other Smiths in cre
 atjon, as well as those in America!—
 N &gt;w, come, I will light my Havana,
 ai d sit down here, and give you a
 i eti ance to explain howr you, an appren
 tiqe, with only forty dollars a year,
 cqntrive to scrape together a library
 iulf as large as Parson Dayton’s?"
 Francis Wilson did not interrupt this
 iuj errogatory and exclamatory medley
 oP words from his comrade, by an ex
 planation, until he had exhausted all his
 incoherent inquiries. Sitting down in
 the proffered chair, and lighting his
 long nine, Edward Saunders placed his
 i feet upon his friend’s clean desk, and
 seemed really to be waiting for a de
 tailed account of the modus operandi
 by which an apprentice could acquire
 honestly such a collection of books.—
 Nor did Frank hesitate to gratiiy his
 curiosity. Both of the young men
 were in the middle of their apprentice
 ship, and the most cordial intimacy had
 subsisted between them from their
 youth. Edward was deficient in noth
 ing so much as in expending his small
 annuity, and Francis hit upon a very
 l successful method of administering to
 bis young friend a salutary lesson upon
 this subject, while he explained how an
 apprentice could acquire a taste, and
 the means for the cultivation of his in
 tellect.
 Edward," said he, taking op his
 Pencil, ««1 will explain to you in fig
 ures, what seems to have excited your
 wonder, if you will permit me by the
 I way of asking yon a few questions in
 order to solve the problem. 1 see you
 are very food of smoking; how many
 i cigars do you buy a weak
 Oh, none, of any account," re
 plied Edward, anticipating some un
 pleasant strictures upon his fevorite
 practise, n after working all day, k it
 .ready a comfort In u«Xe the genuine
Hanoi; it does not amount to i*jr
 thing I smolre only six in tks course
 of the whole week."
 “Six Havanas s week,” repealed
 Francis, putting it down spas paper,
 with as much formality as if he eras
 registering the date of a problem.
 Six a week, at two easts a iriece,
 amount to the trifling sum of six dollars
 and twenty-four cents per annum. I
 suppose you speod n trifle at tbm fruit
 shops,” continued Francis.”
 Nothing worth mentioning,” con
 tinued Edward, rather startled at the
 aggregate of such little itemsr “ell
 that 1 buy—apples, nuts, raisins, figs,
 oranges, &amp;c., Ac.—do not amount to
 more than nine pence a week. Why,
 that's not half as much as Tom Wil
 liams, the goldsmith’s apprentice buys.
 Besides, Francis, you know I never
 taste a drop of any kind of liquor, not
 even wine. You certainly can't think
 that 1 lack economy, Frankf”
 “Ninepence a week for nuts, raisins,
 oranges and figs,*' repeated Francis,
 in a low, serious tone, pronouncing the
 items, one by one, as he wrote them
 down,with all the precision and gravity
 of a clerk in a counting room. Nine
 pence a week amounts to six dollars and
 fifty cents per annum, which added to
 six dollars and twenty-four cents spent
 for cigars, mokes the trifling sum of
 twelve dollars and seventy-four cents
 for one year. Now, Edward, sec what
 I have obtained for just this sum.—
 “Here,” said he, taking down several
 neatly bound volumes of the American
 Review, and a handful of the Knicker-;
 I have bought all these for a
 less sum than you have paid for cigars,
 nuts, &amp;c., during the past year. And
 as for these other books which you see
 here in my case, I will tell you how I
 obtained them, and how any other ap
 prentice can do the same, with only
 $33 a year too. You know our mas
 ters are very industrious, steady men,
 and are attentive in their business, and
 like to see their apprentices with a book
 in their hands, when they have done
 their work, rather than lounging about
 at the taverns, or in vicious company.
 So when my master saw that I liked to
 read every chance that I could get, and
 spend all the money I could spare fori
 books, he offered to give a ninepence j
 an hour for all the time I would work
 from twelve to one o’clock P. M, And
 this is the way, Edward, that I have
 bought my books, which you thought 1!
 had borrowed, begged or stolen. I i
 work every noontime half an hour, and.
 earn every fortnight enough to buy one j
 of these books—Milton’s Paradise Lost,,
 for instance. To be sure, they are not
 bound in calf, nor are they gilt-edged; j
 but they contain the same matter as;
 if they were, and that’s enough for
 i
 me.
 When Edward Saunders had listened!
 to this very interesting and simple cx-j
 planation of his uncle’s apprentice, and
 had passed his eyes over all the fine
 books in his little library, he arose sud
 denly at the last words of Francis, and
 opened his little chamber window—took
 out of his hat the half dozen cigars
 which was to constitute his week’s
 stock of comfort, and without saying a
 word, tossed them into the garden. A
 new fire of animation lit up his eye,
 as he darted out of the room, 'turning
 only at the door to say, I'll try 1 1
 Frank!”
 Edward Saunders, Esq., and the
 Hon. Francis Wilson never forgot, in
 their intimate intercourse in after life,
 their mutual computation of the cost of!
 nuts and cigars in the garret of the;
 latter.
 REV. J. W. LOGUEN.
 Conspicuous among the colored men
 of talent and moral worth in this State,
 stands the gentleman aSove-named,
 who is now a resident of Syracuse.
 Though but a few years have elapsed
 since his escape from the house of
 bondage,” where the other members of
 his mother’s family are still “toiling—
 toiling.” Mr. Loguen has made use
 of his mind and heart, so as fairly to
 have placed himself in the same en
 nobled category with Samuel R. Ward,
 Henry H. Garnet, Frederick Douglass,
 and others of their complexion, who
 are not unknown to the people of the
 Empire State.
 Mr, Loguen is at present officiating
 as presiding cider among the several
 colored societies of the Methodist de
 nomination in Central New Yoak, and
 has visited Little Falls three or four'
 times in that capacity during the past
 year. At each succeeding visit he has
 made a deep and broad impression by
 his talents, eloquence and evident sin
 cerity. I
 This worthy brother arrived here on
 the 12th inst., and spent nearly a week
 in the vicinity, preaching several times
 at the School-house, and attending
 one or two meetings out of town. On
 Sunday evening, the 13th, he gave us
 a powerful discourse from Acts x. 34,
 35—a discourse that richly deserves)
 to he published, and which would put
 te shame four-fifths of the stuff that
 passes for pulpit oratory at this day.
 On Thursday evening, Mr. L. gave
 his closing address to his brethren at
 this place, taking as the basis of his,
 remarks the Sermon on the Mount; and
 seldom have we heard a more earnest,
 faithful and truly admirable inculcation
 of Christian duty. Though by no
 means concurring with Mr. Loguen i
 in all his theological views, we find)
 him so clear-beaded, sound and un
 compromising as a Temperance man
 and an Abolitionist, and so eloquent j
 withal, that we cannot withhold this
 brief tribute of our admiration.
 We are glad to learn that brother
 L. proposes to spend a week or two ere
 long, in speaking to the people at dil-j
 terent points in this county. All who.
 can will do well to go and hear him.—j
 Herkimer Freeman.
 Eaelt Rising.—The famous philo
 sopher, the really great Czar Peter, of
 Russia, always rose two hours before
 day, and when he saw the morning i
 break, would express his wonder that]
 any man should be so stupid as not to
 rise every morning to behold one of
 the most glorious sights in the universe.
 Men take delight,’ said be, ‘in gazing
 on n picture, the trifling work of a
 ancTpainled by** the Deity himself. Fee
 my part,’ added he, I am far making
 mythic asking as^ I tw, andtherefore
AUTHORS.
 How and where do authors write? are
 questions thus answered by a corre
 spondent of the Home Journal:
 Lest any romantic reader of charm
 ing L. E. L. should be led to believe
 that her passion breathing poems were
 born in some fairy bower, under a mid
 summer sky, warm, rich, and glowing
 as her own Italian soul, a friend of hers
 has recorded that she wrote in “a
 homely-looking, almost uncomfortable
 room, fronting the street, and barely
 furnished.”
 After this, let no one ask, where the
 pen first traced the soft imaginings,
 the exquisite pictures of St. Agnes’
 Eve. One would wish no visions of
 narrow tables, worn writing-desks, and
 high-backed chairs, to come between
 him and Madeline “asleep in the lap
 of legends old;” with that pure, dream
 ing face bathed in the pale, silver,
 twilight of the fading morn.”
 And Shelley's song of melting sweet
 oess, where had it birth?—that song
 the very essence of all that is beautiful
 in passion:
 Tb* wandering airs they feint
 On the dark, the wilerrt stream,
 The rhampak-udnra fail,
 Like sweet thueght* in a dream.”
 Were not those lines written while
 floating in some moon-fit sea, in a* Ibve
 freighted bark, with none to share it
 but thee and me,” swayed gently to and
 fro, over the rippling waters, with the
 son! sinking to soft slumber, lulled
 by the music of its measured motion?”
 Believe it, I pray you.
 Campbell wrote best in the morning,
 calmly, with a heart which throbbed
 never so tumultuously but he could
 count its beatings; Byron, when night,
 and darkness, and storin, accorded
 with the lightning elements of his soul.
 Campbell once said, I have ever
 been an early riser, and have done the
 chief part of my writing before break
 fast. One’s thoughts then arc purer—
 one's feelings more spiritual.”
 A clear-minded divine of New Eng
 land, a deep thinker and fine scholar,
 chooses night, after a day of severe
 toil in the open air, believing that then
 the mind is strongest, the judgment
 clearest.
 Jean Paul, the only one—the man
 divinely commissioned to write—sifting
 in that little room, with his hustling
 mother’? household affairs, and some
 times the chatter of gossipping women
 going on around him, wrote those
 beautiful extravagancies, those sun
 bright thoughts, those strange conceits,
 over all which fell a golden radiance
 from his cheerful spirit.
 In a quiet part of London, not far
 from the Thames, in a second-story
 chamber, is Carlyle’s thought-shop.
 Why is it not in some wild place of
 that picturesque Scotland,whose craggy
 roughness seems stamped with an iron
 hand upon his rocky nature
 Goldsmith wrote hopefully, courage
 ously from his meagre garret. Thomp
 son sketched pictures of the morning,
 while too indolent to go forth to breathe
 its freshness—to behold its beauty.
 How docs Barry Cornwall write?”
 and where?
 “Seated beside this sherris wine,
 And near to hooks and shapes divine,
 Which poets and the painters past
 Have wrote in lines that aye shall last—
 E’en I, with Shakespeare’s self hesiile me,
 And one whose tciwler talk shall "ttulc me.
 Thro* fears and pains and troublous themes
 Whose smile shall full upon mjr dreams,
 Like Mtn«liitie on a stormy day.”
 Barry Cornwall writes in his home—
 a home whose domestic happiness is f
 refined by the purest intellectual en
 joyment—a home which is a sanctuary,
 in whose cool, delicious stillness, a
 weary heart in man, shaking off the
 spirit-staining dust of the world at its
 threshold, could enter, asking and find
 ing peace and sweet repose. With
 the mother and the child—his fair wife
 “golden-tressed ’’Adelaide beside him,
 what wonder that his fireside fancies
 should shape themselves in loving
 poesy
 Felicia Hemans and L. E. L. wrote
 with the deepest enjoyment to the tones)
 of music.
 Upward Still.— Sad and dark are
 some of the pictures of life which we are
 forced to study, there are others which
 cheer and inspire our hearts with hope, i
 It is a glorious faith that human pro
 gress never will reach its zenith—but
 that every new step onward and upward
 is the prophecy of a higher and better
 development the fulfilment of
 its own prediction. Each new victory
 of truth aud right, gives courage and
 ardor to their friends, and withdraws
 strength and confidence from their ene
 mies, and often in the present age is
 the heart of the philanthropist encour
 aged by the signs of an increasing
 spirit of justice and love among the peo
 ple. Facts are almost daily bringing
 proof that the truth has not been spoken
 for nought, and reform labor has not
 been spent in vain, that the seed sown
 in sorrow and discouragement is bear
 ing rich harvest to the sower. Front
 time to time we have recounted some ol j
 these promises of a better day. Eman
 cipation in Tunis, Egypt, the Danish
 Colonies, Bohemia, and Wallachia, the
 abolition of the slave mart at Constan
 tinople, are a few among these “proph
 ets of the dawning.” The late tidings
 from Europe tell of another act of
 emancipation, which goes to swell the)
 triumphs of freedom. It shows that the j
 warm pulse of humanity beats among,
 the rugged and cold mountains of North-;
 era Europe. Sweden has proclaimed
 complete emancipation of the slaves in,
 the Island of St. Bartholomew. Two
 proclamations of the Governor of the
 Island are published in the St. Kitts
 Advertiser of Nov. 23th, announcing
 the abolition of slavery throughout the
 island. This act of the Swedish go
 vernment is of itself a refutation of the
 stale and foolish assertions that eman
 cipation had ruined the British Col
 onies; for in full view of the working
 of that grand policy of freedom, Den-
 mark and Sweden have voluntarily)
 broken down the system of centuries,
 and adopted the British reform into,
 their colonial codes. They have not 1
 taken this step without counting the
 cost, nor without studying carefully the 1
 results of the English experiment.
 Such a esurss from eld conserve! tea
 msnarchiss is n most smphade lent!.
 Mtmy that tha cry of ruin raised over
 Wnt India smancipilion in the crank
 **g of false witnesses.—Pena. Eras.
Frew As Phtaturgli Saturday Via*Wr.
 Mas. Swi*shelw:—Allow me to
 congratulate rou upon your new vor*.
 tion—that of the editress of a par* r
 and that a paper, too, whose voice wti
 be heard in behalf of Freedom and
 Peace.
 At such an hour as this, when n r
 three millions of slaves are clanking
 their chains on our soil, with prinrj
 palities and powers” against them, and
 while the spirit of war is sweeping ove r
 the land with whirlwind fury, and me n
 are rampant for blood, it is reviving ard
 encouraging that a voice may here and
 there be heard from among the multi
 tude pleading for Peace and Liberty
 And where a woman, possessing suffii
 cient moral heroism and self-reliance
 to break the shackles which surround
 her, and to grapple with these popu
 lar sins giving utterance to great
 Truths in behalf of humanity, in tone*
 that cannot be misunderstood, it is par
 ticularly encouraging.
 Let conquerors boast of their fitldi of fan*,”
 He who in the dignity of his manhood
 firmly stands up for the right, reiving
 for victory, not on swords and bomb
 shells, but upon everlasting truth, and
 goes forth to meet the foes of Right
 eousness,
 I* the b*»i, bramt conqueror of them at!.*’
 Such a one—be they male or female, in
 invulnerable to all the fiery darts of fhv
 wicked—against whom “the gates of
 hell caunot prevail.” One such “shall
 chase a thousand, and two pot rcn&gt;
 thousand to flight.”
 Though we do adopt different mers
 ures to arrive at the same end, 1 can
 but wish you success, and hope you
 will never falter in the mighty conflict
 against wrong. If faithful, your re
 ward shall be sure. The conscious
 ness of being right, and standing up
 for the oppressed under all circumstan
 ces, is unspeakably precious. What
 in comparison to it?—the ermined robe,
 the ivory sceptre, the golden throne,
 the jeweled diadem?” Let tny name
 ever be fouyd, how ever o dross it may
 be, on the side of the oppressed,
 rather than the oppressor; and if I err,
 let it be on the side of mercy and for
 giveness.
 What are our great statesmen, our
 distinguished clergymen and Doctors of
 Divinity, at this moment engaged in?
 Are they using their talents and influ
 ence to promote peace, freedom and
 love, to stay the progress of slavery,
 and war, and oppression? Alas! how
 few among them Have the manhood, the
 heroism to speak out in manly tones
 against them. W hen their influence
 is not given in favor of these things by
 outspoken endorsement, they by their
 silence give consent,” and thus tho
 reign of slavery is prolonged, and war
 1 c' nti lues to brandish his bloody battle J
 axe, making this earth “a vale of tears”
 |to millions, and planting thorns and
 briars, where otherwise would bloom
 the roses of hope, and flowers of radi
 ent beauty and loveliness. Why are
 not these men heard on the side of
 truth and righteousness, on the side of
 the oppressed rather than the oppress
 or? How paltry are their excuses!—
 how insignificant!—how- demeanin'*!
 Unworthy, truthful and honest men?
 But it will not always be thus. The
 tide of humanity is rising. The course
 of truth is onward, like rivers to the
 sea, and it will yet sweep from the earth
 all forms of wrong, from its own inhe
 rent oinnipotcncy. Error is of a day,
 an age; truth is immortal and uncon
 querable. Let this great principle he
 impressed on the nation’s heart, that he
 is false to God who is false to man.”
 Yours faithfully, for the good time
 coming,”
 MILO R. TOWNSEND.
 New Brighton, Jan. 20, ’4B.
 Dn. Selwvn.-—The newspapers have
 been again quoting a certain saying of
 Sydney Smith’s to Bishop Selwyn, on
 bidding him farewell on his departure
 for New Zealand; but no one tells the
 bishop’s rejoinder to the witty but
 irreverent canon of St. Paul’s. The
 story is told thus:—Before the Bishop
 of New Zealand departed, Sydney
 Smith, in taking leave, affected to
 impress upon his friend the dangers of
 his mission. You will find,” he said,
 “in preaching to cannibals, that their
 attention, instead of being occupied by
 the spirit, will be concentrated on the
 Jlesh for I am told that they never
 breakfast without a cold missionary on
 the sideboard. In shaking bands with
 the new prelate as he was leaving the
 house, the rev. wit added, Good-bye.
 We shall never meet again? but let u»
 hope that you may thoroughly disagree
 with the savage who eats you. In
 justice to Dr. Selwyn. let his retort be
 added:— ‘‘Good-bye, Mr. Canon; you
 at any rate, have enough to do with
 roasting bishops at home.
 The Bearded Poetugcese.— The
 are one of the hairiest
 races in Europe. The southern sun
 be whiskers youths of fifteen, and mous
 taches so many ladies, (whose voice*
 are roughened by snuff-taking,) that
 the petticoat is often their only dis
 tinction. Don Pedro, during the sieget
 of Oporto, took a vow never to suffer a
 razor near his face, till he had exter
 minated his usurping brother. The
 result was a patriarchal beard, des
 cending to his middle before the end of
 the war. The Constitutionalists of
 Portugal, out of regard for their liber
 ator’s memory, have continued ever
 since to wear enormous beards; and
 you will see a little soldier, four feet
 high strutting before his post, with a
 harmless firelock over his shoulder, and
 a beard fringing his chin, calculated
 much more to frighten you. This ewl
 had risen to such a pitch at the Tres
 sury, and what the clerks wrote was
 often so atrociously blotted by the
 sweeping of their beards, that the
 Mmister felt himself compelled to issue
 suspending the guarantees
 of every in the department.
 Thia documen* r* rjeft tlti j n ,propriety
 of civil employ as using military &lt;U*-
 t inctioos, and condemned the contu
 macioua to suspension from their em-
 Pl 3:r Overload Journey la
 Howtsr Paine. —lf a man has a
 right to he proud of any thing it is of
 food ration, done as it ought to bo,
 I vnad any knot wtsrest lurking at tho
 bottom of it.
