FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Ed.tor.
VOL. 111. NO. 11.
The NORTH STAR published every
 FtiJuy, at No. 25, Ruitalo street,
 {Opposite the Arcade.)
terms.
 .t'r llar always in advance. No
 received for lesß
 fhi»l ?rdß T entß Pxcee(il &lt;en ln.es .nserted
 hree tna.s for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents. 1
n.e object of the North Star will beta abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspedts; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 o! public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 tual improvement of the Colored People; and
 U&gt; l t! y of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 09* All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 OC/ Age its, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the C ounty, aiul the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 09* Any person sending in payment for lour sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 OCr All letters and communications must be post
 paid. H
LIST OF AGENTS.
Massachusetts.— R.P.Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 \V. hoster, Lowell; James N. Bufium, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.— Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 9i}, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macednn; Wil
 letts Keese, Pent, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill,l49,
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
SPEECH OF MR. T. STEVENS,
 OF PENNSYLVANIA,
 In the House of Representatives, Wednesday February
 20, 1850, in Committee of the Whole on the state
 of the Union, on the reference of the President's
 Annual Message.
 Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania,
 said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not know that
 I should have troubled the committee
 at this* time, eo»W I »ee .nnv reasona
 ble prospect that the House would de
 vote its time to practical legislation.
 But for a considerable time after our
 meeting, the organization of the House
 was obstructed; and siuce organized,
 a large portion of its time has been oc
 cupied by speeches on the subject of
 slavery, mostly by southern gentlemen, I
 when no practical question, to which i
 they could apply, was before the com
 mittee. There was no doubt a well
 defined object in this, partly to intimi
 date Congress, and partly to occupy
 its time, so that no legislation couid be
 matured obnoxious to southern gentle
 men. Indeed we are not left to con
 jecture on this point. The learned
 gentlemen from North Carolina, [Mr. j
 Cungman,] who was selected to open!
 the debate in behalfof human bondage,
 distinctly notified us, that unless Con
 gress, as a condition precedent, sub
 mitted to settle the slavery question,
 according to southern demands, there
 should be no legislation, even to the
 passage of the ordinary appropriation
 bills necessary to sustain the Govern
 ment. And that such measures would
 not he obstructed by meeting them in
 manly debate, and voting on their
 merits; but by incessantly calling the
 yeas and nays, on repeated and frivo
 lous motions to adjourn, until the end
 of the session. Sir, I doubt not that
 before he ventured on so high a threat
 he had full assurances from a sufficient
 number of southern gentlemen to carry
 it into effect. For, if he had made it
 upon his own hare authority, it would
 degenerate into contemptible gasco
 nade, which I am sure the disereet
 gentlemen would not indulge in. The
 scene of last Monday in this house ful
 ly sustained him, and showed that they
 had the will and the power to execute
 it.
Here, then, we have a weli-defined
 and palpable conspiracy of southern
 members combined to stop the supplies
 necessary to the existence of the Gov
 ernment, disorganize and dissolve it,
 until the bands that bind the Union to
 gether are severed, and, as a gentle
 men early in the session desired, “dis
 cord.” Well might the gentlemen an
 ticipate that the country and posterity
 would pronounce this treason, rank
 treason against the nation! Sir, I
 doubt if there is another legislative
 body in the world where such sedition
 would not be followed by prosecution
 and punishment. France has lately
 exiled members of her Assembly for a
 similar offence. But in this glorious
 country, where nearly two-thirds of
 the people are free, we can say any
 thing within these walls or beyond
 them with impunity, unless it be to ag
 itate in favor of human liberty—that
 is aggression!
 Let us inquire, what is the grave
 offence, the mighty wrong, which can
 justify a threat big with such portentous
 consequences? The refusal of Con
 gress to propagate or to establish a
 doubtful or even an admitted good
 in the Territories would surely be no
 cause for rebellion and revolution—
 much less would the refusal to extend
 an evil, an admitted evil, as unmitiga
 ted wrong. Will an intelligent and
 and free posterity believe it when im
 partial history records that the only
 cause for this high threat was the ap-
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
prehension that the Congress of this
 free Republic would not propagate,
 nor permit to be propogated, the insti
 tution ol human slavery into her vast
 Territories now free? Yet such is the
 simple fact. It is proper, then, to in
 quire whether the thing sought to be
 forced upon the Territories at the risk
 of treason and rebellion be a good or
 an evil. I think it is a great evil
 which ought to be interdicted that we
 should oppose it as statesmen, as phil
 anthropists, and as rnaralists,*nßtwith
 standing the extraordinary position ta
 ken by the gentleman from Alabama
 [Mr. Hilliard] to the contrary.
 While I thus announce my unchange
 able hostility to slavery in every form,
 and in every place, I also avow my de
 termination to stand by all the compro
 mises of the Constitution, and carry
 them into faithful effect. Some of
 those compromises I greatly dislike;
 and were they now open for considera
 tion, they should never recieve my as
 sent. But I find them in a constitution
 formed in difficult times, and I would
 not disturb them.
By those compromises Congress has
 !no power over slavery in the States.
 I greatly regret that it is so; for if it
 j were our legitimate control, I would
 go regardless of all threats, for some
 just, safe, and certain mean* for its fi
 nal extinction. But I know of no one
 who claims the right, or desires to
 touch it within the States. But when
 we come to form governments for* ter
 ritories acquired long since the forma
 tion of the Constitution, and to admit
 new Stales, whose only claim for ad
 mission depends on the will of Con
 gress, we are bound so to discharge
 that duty, as shall best contribute to
 the prosperity, the power, the perman
 ency, and the glory of this nation.
 Does slavery contribute to either of
 these? Is it not rather subversive of
 them all? Let us first view it in the
 j low light of political economy. That
 1 nation, I suppose, is always the most
 prosperous, all other things being
 i equal,that has the most industrious,and
 the larger number of the producing
 classes. Those who merely consume
 the fruits of the earth, add nothing to
 the strength or the wealth of a nation.
 Slave countries never can have a large
 j number of industrious freemen. Slave
 j holders form an untitled aristocracy,
 with numerous dependents. Individu
 i als appropriate large tracts of territory
 I to themselves, and thus prevent it Jroiii
 I being thickly settled by freemen,
 i Their laborers, having no ambition to
 gratify, no love of gain to stimulate
 them, no parental feelings to impel
 them to action, are idle and wasteful.
 When the lash is the only stimulant,
 the spirit of man revolts from labor.
 That republic must be feeble, both
 in peace and war, that has not an in
 telligent and industrious yeomanry,
 equally removed from luxury and from
 poverty. The middling classes who
 own the soil, and work it with -their
 own hands, are the main support of ev
 ery free government. Despotism may
 be powerful, and long sustained by a
 mixed population of serfs and nobles.
 But free representative republics, that
 rely upon the voluntary action of the
 people, never can. Under such gov
 ernments those who defend and sup
 port the country must have a stake in
 1 the soil; must have interest to protect
 and rights to defend.
Slave countries never can have such
 a yeomanry; never can have a body of
 small proprietors who own the soil and
 till it with their own hands, and sit
 down in conscious independence under
 their own vine and fig-tree. There is
 no sound connecting link between the
 aristocrat and tho slave. True there
 is a class of human beings between
 them; but they are the most worthless
 and miserable of mankind. The poor
 white laborer is the scorn of the slave
 himself. For slavery always degrades
 labor. The white people who work
 with their hands are ranked with the
 other laborers—the slaves. They are
 excluded from the society of the rich.
 Their associations, if anywhere, are*
 with the colored population. They
 feel that they are degraded and despi
 sed; and their minds and conduct gen
 erally conform to their condition.
 The soil occupied by slavery is much
 less productive than a similar soil oc
 cupied by freemen. Men who are to
 1 receive none of the wages of their la-1
 I bor do not care to multiply its fruits, j
 i Sloth, negligence, improvidence, are
 the consequence. The land being
 neglected, becomes poor and barren;'
 as it becomes exhausted it is thrown
 out as waste, for slave labor never ren-|
 ovates its strength. This applies par
 ticularly to agricultural States. Take
 j Virginia, the favorite example for the
 South, which has been so triumphantly
 referred to by the gentleman from
 j North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
 Whence he drew his facts that she was
 more prosperous, more populous, and
 more rich than the free States, 1 know
 not. lam sure it was not from perso
 nal observation. He would not cer
 tainly draw on his imagination in mat
 ters of fact. I suppose he must have
 been misled by the most miserable of
 sophists, and most false of chroniclers,
 Ellwood Fisher.
I admit that, by nature, Virginia has
 capabilities equal, if not superior, to
 any State in the Union. She has a
 delightful climate; a soil naturally fer
 tile. She is intersected, as was well
 said by the gentleman from Virginia,
 [Mr. Bayly,] by the noblest rivers.
 Her hills and mountains are filled with
 rich minerals and covered with valua
 ble timber. She has the finest water,
 l believe, in the nation, in the very
heart of her State; and her harbors
 are among the best in ths worldr At
 the time of the adoption of the Consti
 tution she was the most powerful State
 —her population was double that of&gt;
 New York. It was the boast of her
 statesmen that she was pinma inter
 puren. What is she now? The pop
 ulation of New York is more than dou
 ble—l think the next census will show
 nearly treble hers. Her land, cultiva
 ted by unwilling hands,is unproductive.
 Travel through the adjouirhkyg States
 of Ohio and Pennsylvania., and yon will;
 see that the land produces more than!
 double as much as the same kind of
 land in Virginia. In the free States
 new towns are everywhere springing
 up and thriving; the land is becoming:
 more productive; smiling habitations
 are within hail of each other; the whole
 country is dotted with school-houses
 and churches almost within sight of j
 each other; and except under peculiar)
 circumstances, their manufactures and!
 mechanic arts furnishing lucrative em
 ployment to all their people; and their
 population steadily and rapidly increas
 ing. Turn again to Virginia. There
 is scarcely a new town, except at one
 or two points,within her whole borders.
 Her ancient villages wear the appear
 ance of mournful decay. Her miner
 als and timber are unwrought Her
 noble water-power is but partially oc
 cupied. Her fine harbors are with
 out ships, except from other ports; and
 her sea-port towns are without com
 merce, and failing to decay. Ask
 yourself the cause, sir, and I will abide
 the answer.
It is essential to the existence of re
 publics that education should be gener
 ally diffused among the people. Sla
 very prevents this. Rich men employ
 private tutors, or send their children
 abroad. But the children of the people
 generally cannot be educated without
 the instrumentality of District Schools.
 In slave States, where the plantations
 are large, the population is too sparse
 even to maintain them. Besides there
 is another fatal obstacle to them, in the
 aversion of the rich to associate'with
 the poor. The poor white laborer’s
 children could never be permitted to
 mingle in the same schools, and sit
 upon the same benches wfith the rich
 men’s sons. That would be offensive.
 Slavery enfeebles a nation in war as
 well as in peace. It is impossible that
 a nation of masters and slaves can be
 p'JTTtjlnl txild fo&lt; situ J Lit, Cnfici ll!
 offensive or defensive war, a 3 a nation
 of freemen. A large portion of her
 population must remain at home, to
 prevent the rebellien of those who are
 constantly in a state of latent warfare
 with their oppressors. I know, sir,
 we have had a most alarming descrip
 tion of the prowess of the South. We
 have heard their eftnnon roar; seen
 their bayonets bristle; heard the war
 cry of the charging chivalry, and seen
 their bowie-knives gleam w'ithin this
 hall, in the vivid picture of the terrible*
 gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
 Clingmax.]
We have often been modestly re
 minded of the blood and treasure,
 and gallantry of the South.” This I
 do not dispute. lam proud to admit
 that she has furnished many gallant
 sons, whose names will adorn the
 brightest pages of our history, both for
 the war of the revolution, the war of
 1812, and the war which we lately as
 sumed as the ally of Texas and of sla
 very. I give her full credit for her
 patriotism in furnishing most of the
 men who have borne the official bur
 dens of the government both in the
 civil and the military list. I know, too,
 that she has furnished the kind of men
 for our armies, who are apt to be dis
 tinguished when great deeds are done.
 For it is only the officers and com
 manders of armies who live in stoay.
 The stout hearts and strong arms of
 the common soldiers that fight the
 battles and win the victories, are un
 known to fame. Their birth-place is
 not sought for; their graves are undis
 tinguished. And the South has always
 furnished officers for our armies; Pre
 sidents for our Republic; most of our
 foreign ambassadors; heads of depart
 ments; chiefs of bureaus; and, some
 times, in her proud humility, has con
 sented that the younger sons of her
 dilapidated houses should monopolize
 the places of clerks and messengers to
 the government. But whence are
 drawn the common soldiery, the men
 who peril their lives, and win victories
 for your glory? Almost entirely from
 i the free States, except in cases of sud
 den emergency, when volunteers are
 I called nearest the scene of danger.
 The present Secretary of War, a
 southern gentleman of great ability,
 j and strenuous for southern rights, says
 in his report:
 “According to the practice which
 has long prevailed, the great majority
 i of enlistments is made in the northern
 Atlantic cities and the adjacent interior
 towns, whence the recruits are sent to
 the general depot for instruction, and
 finally distributed to the southern and
 western posts, according to the wants
 of the service.”
 Yes, sir, our northern freemen have
 always filled the ranks of the regular
 army. The South has lent us the gen
 tlemen to wear the epaulettes and the
 sword; to take command of the troops,
 and lead them to southern and south
 western climates to fight the frontier
 battles, and whiten your fields with
 their bones.
I am opposed to the diffusion of sla
 very, because confining it to its present
 limits will bring the States themselves
 to its gradual abolition. Let this dis
 ease spread, and although it will render
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1850.
the whole body leprous and loathsome,
 yet it will long survive. Confine it,
 and like the cancer that is tending to
 the heart, it must be eradicated or it
 will eat out the vitals. The sooner
 the patient is convinced of this, the
 sooner ha will procure the healing
 operation. The learned aad able gen
 tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] in
 a pamphlet which he laid upon the
 table, takes the same view of it. He
 says, Virginia has a.'drye population
 of near half a million, wfift•% a'ue is
 chieriy dependent on S&gt; i\*-rn de
 mand.” Let us pause a moment over
 this humiliating confession. In plain
 English, what-does it mean? That
 Virginia is now fit only to be the
 breeder, not the employer of slaves.
 That she is reduced to the condition
 that her proud chivalry are compelled
 to turn slave-traders lor a livelihood!
 Instead of attempting to renovate the
 soil, and by their own honest labor
 compelling the earth to yield her
 abundance; instead of seeking for the
 best breed of cattle and horses to feed
 on her hills and valleys, and fertilize
 the land, the sons of that great State
 must devote their time to selecting and
 grooming the most lusty sires and the
 most fruitful wenches, to supply the j
 slave barracoons of the South! And
 the learned gentleman pathetically la
 ments that the profits of this genteel
 traffic will be greatly lessened by the
 circumscription of slavery! This is
 his picture, not mine.
The same gentleman says, in the
 same speech, If we intend to submit
 to the policy of confining the slaves
 within their present limits, we should
 commence torthwith the work of gra
 dual emancipation; it is an easier task
 for us, than for our children.” The
 eloquent gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
 Hilliard,] is of the same opinion.
 He said: “We must make up our
 minds either to resist the interdiction!
 of the progress of slavery, or to sub
 mit to an organic change in our insti
 tutions.” Yes, sir; this admitted re
 sult is, to my mind, one of the most!
 agreeable consequences of the legiti-!
 mate restriction of slavery. Confine
 this malady within its present limits.
 Surround it by a cordon of freemen
 that it cannot spread, and in less than
 twenty-five years every- slaveholding
 State in this Union will have on its|
 statute-books a law for the gradual and i
 final extinction of slavery. Then will;
 nave oevii j’ue
 wishes of every patriot’s heart. Then
 wil! our fair country be glorious in
 deed; and be to posterity a bright
 example of the true principles of gov
 ernment —of universal freedom.
I am opposed to the extension of sla
 very into territories now free, for still
 graver reasons—because I am opposed
 to despotism throughout the world. I
 admit that this •Government cannot
 preach a crusade of Liberty into other
 States and nations, much as she abhors
 tyrants and tyranny. There she can
 only mourn over its existence. But
 when the question of government is
 within her own control, and she permits
 despotism to exist and aids its diffusion,
 she is responsible for it in the face of
 the civilized world, and before tho God
 ofLiberty. In my judgment, not only
 the slave States but the General- Go
 vernment, recognizing and aiding as it
 does slavery, is a despotism. Ido not
 use the word in a declamatory, but
 strictly legal signification. That go
 vernment is despotic where the rulers
 govern subjects by their own mere will
 —by decrees and laws emanating from
 their uncontrolled will, in the enact
 ment and extension of which the ruled
 have no voice, and under which they
 have no rights, except at the will of the
 rulers. Despotism does not depend
 upon the number of the rulers, or the
 number of the subjects. It may have
 one ruler or many. Rome was a des
 potism under Nero; so she was under
 the triumvirate. Athens was a despo
 tism under her thirty tyrants; under
 her four hundred tyrants;’ under her
 three thousand tyrants. It has been
 generally observed that despotism in
 creases in severity with the number
 of despots; the responsibility is more
 divided, and the claims mflre numerous.
 The triumvirs, each demanded his vic
 tims. The smaller the- number oi' strb
 jects in proportion to the^-tyrants the
 more cruel the oppression, because the
 less danger from rebellion. In this
 Government, the free white citizens
 are the rulers—the sovereigns as we de
 light to be called. All others are sub
 jects. There are perhaps, some sixteen
 or seventeen millions of sovereigns,
 and some four millions of subjects.
The rulers and the ruled are of all
 colors, from the clear white of the
 Caucasian tribes to the swarthy Eth
 iopian. The former, by courtesy, are
 all called white. The latter black.
 In this Government the subject has no
 rights, politic or personal. He has no
 voice in the laws which govern him.
 He can hold no property. His very
 wife and children are not his. His
 labor is another’s. He and all that
 appertains to him, are the absolute
 property of his rulers. He is governed,
 bought, sold, executed by laws to
 which he never gave his assent, and
 by rulers whom he never chose. He
 is not a serf, merely with half the rights
 of men like the the subjects of despotic
 Russia; but a naked slave, stripped of
 every right which God and nature gave
 him,and which the high spirit of our
 revolution declared inalienable—which
 he himself could not surrendrr, and
 which man could not take from him.
 Is he not then the subject of despotic
 sway
 The slaves of {Athens and of Rome
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
j were free in comparison. They had
 some rights—could acquire some pro
 perty; could choose their own masters,
 and purchase their own freedom; and
 when (ree could rise in social and politi
 cal life. The slaves of America then
 lie under the most absolute and grind
 ing despotism that the world ever saw.
 But, who are the despots The rulers
 of the country—the sovereign people!
 Not merely the slaveholder who
 cracks the lash. He is but the instru
 ment of Despotism. That despotism is
 ,the government ofthe slave States, and
 the United States, consisting of all its
 rulers—all the free citizens. Do not
 look upon this as a paradox because
 you and I and the sixteen millions of
 rulers are free. Nicholas, of Russia,
 is free. The Grand Sultan of Turkey
 is free. The butcher of Austria is free.
 Augustus, Antony, and Lepidus, were
 free while they drenched Rome in
 blood. The Thirty Tyrants; the Four
 Hundred; the Three Thousand, were
 free while they bound their countrymen
 in chanis. You, and I, and the six
 teen millions, are free, while we fasten
 iron chains, and rivet manacles on four
 millions of our fellow men; tear their
 wives and children from them; separate
 them; sell them and’doom them to per
 petual, eternal bondage. Are we not
 then despots—despots such as history
 will brand and God abhors.
 But we are told that that is none of
 our business. That southern slavery
 is a matter between the slavelolders
 and their own consiences. I trust it
 may be so decided by impartial history,
 and the unerring Judge, that we may
 not be branded with that great stigma,
 and that grievous burden may not
 weigh upon our souls. But could we
 hope for that justification, if now, when
 we have the power to prevent It, we
 should permit this evil to spread over
 thousands of square leagues now free,
 and settle upon unborn millions! Sir,
 for myself, I should look upon any
 northern man, enlightened by a north
 ern education, who would directly or
 indirectly, by omission or commission;
 by basely voting or cowardly skulking,
 permit it to spread over one rood of
 God’s free earth, as a traitor to liberty
 and recreant to his God!
Slavery tends to render the people
 among whom it is planted, arrogant,
 insolent, intolerant, and tyrannical to
 wards the freemen of other parts of the
 Union. The honorable member from
 Virgin::-, whom I have ah\;ud.
 quoted, [Mr. Meade,] says, speaking
 of slavery, “Our past history testifies
 to the fact that it elevates the charac
 ter of the white man. Though we
 have been in a numerical minority in
 the Union for fifty years, vet during the
 greatei part of that period we have
 managed to control the destinies of the
 Union. Whether on the battle-field
 or in the council, the sons of the South
 have taken the lead; and the records of
 the nation afford ample testimony of
 their superior energy and genius!”
 Sir, I do not complain of this state
 ment. The former part of it is both
 candid and true. But I cannot listen
 to the recital without feeling the burn
 ing blush on my countenance, that the
 North, with her over-shadowing- mil
 lions of freemen, has, for half a cent
 ury, been tame and servile enough to
 submit to this arrogant rule.
 The South imprison northern free
 men when found within her borders, if
 they happen to be guilty of a dark
 skin, and carry it “between the wind
 and their nobility.” And when a sov
 ereign State sends a learned and
 venerable agent to test the legality of
 such imprisonment before their own
 tribunals, he is driven with violence
 and indignity from tneir shores. Massa
 chusetts has sufferod, and, I trust, re
 members the insult.
How often have these walls been
 profaned and the North insulted by the
 insolent threat, that if Cotigress legis
 late against southern will, it should be
 disregarded, resisted to extremity, and
 the-Union destroyed. During the pre
 sent session we have been more than
 once told, amidst raving excitement,
 that if we dared to legislate ?n a certain
 way, the South would teach the North
 a lesson! That their minds were made
 up to extreme resistance! Is this the
 pkre-© to use threats instead of argu-
ments? Are the Representatives of
 freemen to be thus treated? True, you
 are not wholly without justification in
 the belief that it will be effectual. You
 have too often intimidated Congress.
 You have more than once frightened
 the tame North from its propriety, and
 found “doughfaces” enough to be your
 tools. And when you lacked a given
 number, I take no ride in saying, you
 to find them m old Pennsyl
 vania, who, in former years, has rank
 ed a portion of her delegation among
 your most submissive slaves. But I
 hope, with some fears, that the race of
 dough-faces is extinct. I do not see
 how it could well be otherwise. Thoy
 were an unmanly, an unvirile race, in
 capable, according to the laws of na
 ture, of reproduction. I hope they
 have le-t no descendants. The old ones
 are deep in political graves. For them
 I am sure there is no resurrection, for
 they were soulless. Now, when the
 whole civilized world unites in de
 nouncing slavery as a curse, a shame
 and a crime, I trust that when the
 great battle between liberty and slave
 ry comes to be fought on this floor,
 there will none be found hiding among
 the stuff, no fraudulent concealments,
 not one aceursed Achan in this whole
 camp of the Representatives of free
 men.
The eloquent gentleman from Vir
 ginia, [Mr. Seddoi*,] the other day,
in his beautiful peroration, personated
 the great States of Virginia, Kentucky,
 and Louisiana, and in their name apos
 trophized the good, and I will add, the
 great man who now occupies the exe
 cutive chair; and in their name be
 sought him as he loved the place of his
 birth, the place of his nature, and the
 place of his residence, not to forsake
 his northern brethren in this emergen
 cy, but to stand by them in the defence
 of human bondage. How' much more
 effective, enduring, and hallowed would
 that eloquence have been, had the ora
 tor’s lips been touched with a coal
 from the Altar of Freedom! Then
 could he have gone with friendly anxie
 ty to that noble, benevolent, and hero
 ic man, and admonished him, that
 although he had gathered all the earth
 ly laurels that can be reaped by the
 sickle of death, yet if he would have
 his name descend to posterity with in
 creasing lustre, he must, by one great,
 just, and patriotic example, wipe out
 the only spot that obscures the sun of
 his glory. He might with propriety
 have taken with him the learned gen
 tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,]
 and together have pointed him to that
 solemn Tiour, which to him, and to all
 of us who are treading the down-hill
 of life, must soon arrive, w'hen the
 visions of ambition and of earthly
 wealth shall have passed from before
 his eyes, and left him nothing but a
 gaping grave, and an eternal judge-!
 ment.
The accomplished gentleman from
 Alabama [Rev. Mr. Hilliard] might,
 with peculiar propriety, do what, with
 profane lips I dare not, go to his illus
 trious friend, and with fervid piety and
 eloquence more thrilling than that
 which made Felix tremble, implore him
 by a love deeper than that of birth
 place, of nature, and of residence, by
 the love of his own immortal soul, to
 be warned in time by the awful, the
 inexorable doom—“ Accursed is the
 man-stealer.” He might, perhaps,
 have pointed him to the gloomy jour
 ney that leads through the dark shadow,
 and shown him how ineffably brighter
 are the glories of that Kingdom where
 all are tree. Perchance, too, he would I
 have noticed the thronging thousands!
 traveling to that same dread tribunal,
 summoned to give evidence of deeds
 done in the body; some of them were
 bondsmen and slaves on earth, but
 whose disembodied spirits were then
 failed, erect, tali the proudest
 of earth's oppressors; and asked him
 to inquire of his own conscience, who j
 was most likely to meet a hearty wel- I
 come there—he, whose cause was ad
 vocated by the supplicating voices of
 thousands with whom he had dealt
 justly on earth, and made free indeed,
 or he whose admission should be with
 stood by myriads of crushed and lacera
 ted souls, showing their chains, their
 stripes, and their wounds to their Fa
 ther, and to his Father; to their God,
 and to his Judge.
When Mr. Stevens concluded his
 speech, several southern members en
 deavored to get the floor, and among
 them Messrs. Seddon and Millson;
 but the Chairman awarded it to Mr.
 Buel of Michigan.
From the Christian Citizen.
 SENATOR DOUGLASS.
This gentleman, in relation to
 whose future political course upon the
 slavery question some of our cotempo
 raries had begun to entertain a favor
 able opinion, has shown his hand in
 the development of a scheme the sub
 stance of which we presented in our
 last week’s No., adapted to give the
 whole of the remaining territory ac
 quired from Mexico, to slavery.
While the former course of Mr.
 Douglass has certainly given no just j
 ground to expect that he would do any-]
 thing favorable to the interests of Free-
 dom, we had yet, in common with
 others, hoped that a better acquaintance
 with the feelings and sentiments of
 northern men, his constituents, which
 his past year’s residence in Chicago,
 has enabled him to acquire, might in
 duce him to take that stand in the pen-;
 ding struggle, between Freedom and]
 Slavery which his position as the sena-|
 toi-ial re preae native of a free state, I
 distinctly points out as his duty.
 But it seems that he regards his
 notorious pledge to the people of New
 Orleans, as more binding than his obli
 gations to his own state. Or rather
 that there is more to be made political
 ly by proving treacherous to the inter
 ests of his own constituents than by
 obeying their direct and positive mstruc
 tions. No allowance can be made for
 honesty of purpose in a case like the
 one before us, where the will of the
 people of a State has been clearly ex
 pressed though their legislative assem
 bly, and is thus deliberately violated.
 Douglass must henceforth be classed
 with Dickinson and Cass as utterly
 traitorous and untrustworthy.
 The time when such a compromise
 as the one proposed by Mr. Douglass,
 can be looked upon by northern men
 with anything but the deepest abhor
 rence has long since passed by. The
 precedent, for a series of years acted
 upon, of coupling a free and slave state
 upon their admission into the confed
 eracy, will no longer be respected.
 Slavery is a doomed institution, and
 doomed will be the man or class of men
 who attempt by bolstering it up, and
 i obstructing liberal legislation, to per
 petuate the loathsome curse. The in
 j effaceable brand of infamy will be
 burned into the character of such men,
 and they will be remembered by pos
 terity, (if remembered at all,) only in]
JOHN DICK, p BI nter.
WHOLE NO. 115.
connection with Beneejct Arnold, the
 traitor, as those w ho would sell all that
 is promising and glorious in our free
 institutions for sordid and ephemaral
 popularity.
Oliver Johnson, of the Anti-Slavery Bu
 gle, holds the following language on that
 part ot Mr. Clay’s speech, and compromise
 resolutions, which relates to the return of
 fugitive slaves:
There is one part of Mr. G‘»y’s
 speech which has excited in our breast
 emotions of deepest indignation and
 horror. It is diabolically cool, infer
 nally atrocious. It proves conclusively
 that Mr. Clay, in spite of his smooth
 exterior and pious professions, has a
 rotten heart. We allude to what
 he says about the capture of Fugitive
 Slaves. On this point he goes with him
 who goes farthest. Witness his precise
 words: “It is our duty to make the lair
 more effective, ‘and I shall go with the
 Senator from the South who goes far
 thest in making penal laws, andfim
 posing the HEAVIEST SANCTIONS
 for the recovery of Fugitive Slaves,
 and the restoration of them to their
 owners.”
If a man who could utter a sentiment
 like that, at this meridian of the
 Nineteenth Centnry, and in a land
 boasting of Liberty, is not a villain,
 at heart, then let the word be banish
 ed from the language, and Haynau.
 the Austrian man-hunter and butcher,
 be baptised- as a Christian. Suppose
 Mr. Clay, for the sake of certain pecu
 niary and commercial advantages prof
 fered to us by Austria, had deliberate
 ly proposed a treaty with that govern
 ment, stipulating, among other things,
 that an Austrian agent (Haynau, for
 example,) might come here, and by the
 help of our courts,‘jails and sheriffs,
 drag from our shores the Hungarian
 refugees, who have been the recipi
 ents of so much American sympathy.
 Would not the whole people have cried
 out with horror against a proposal so
 inhuman and monstrous? Would they
 not have said, Perish commerce, per
 ish property, perish every earthly in
 terest, sooner than consent to perpe
 trate such a crime?
Free Colored People of Louisi
 ana.—The laws of Louisiana respect
 ing the free people of color are more
 liberal than in any other slaveholding
 Stat*, or some free States. They con
 stitute a class of citizens whom law
 recognises and protects, and whose
 social position is better than that of
 free people of color in other sections.
The New Orleans Picayune of the
 17th ultimo contains the report of a
 case decided by the Supreme Court of
 the State, which held that they were
 competent witnesses in trials of white
 persons, and also assigned the reason
 therefor, as follows—Judge King de
 livering the opinion:
 “Our legislation and jurisprudence
 upon this subject differs materially
 from those of the slave States general
 ly, in which the rule contended for
 prevails. This difference of public
 policy has no doubt arisen from the
 different condition of that class of per
 sons in this State. At the date of our
 earliest legislation as a Territory, a*
 well as at the present day, free persons
 of color constituted a numerous class.
 In some districts they are respectable
 from their intelligence, industry, and
 habits of good order. Many of them
 are highly educated, and the instances
 are by no means rare in which they are
 large property holders. So far from
 being in that degraded state which ren
 ders them unworthy of belief they are
 such persons as courts and juries w'ould
 not hesitate to believe under oath.
 Moreover, this numerous class is en
 titled to the protection of our laws, but
 that protection would in many cases be
 illusory, and the greatest offences
 againats their persons and property
 might be committed with impunity by
 white persons, if the rule of exclusion
 contended for were recognised. They
 are also included in article 2,260 of our
 Civil Code as competent persons to
 testify in civil matters.”
Sickness.— ln sickness the soul be
 gins to dress herself for immortality.
 First she unties the strings of vanity
 that made her upper garment cleave to
 the world, and sit uneasy. She puts off*
 the light and fantastic robe of lust and
 wanton appetite. Next to this, the
 soul by the help of sickness knocks off
 the fetters of pride and vainer compla
 cencies. Then she draws the curtains
 and stops the light from coming in, and
 takes the picture down, those fantastic
 images of self-love, and gay remem
 brances of vain opinion and popular
 noises. Then the spirit stoops into so
 brieties of humble thoughts and feels
 corruption chiding the frowardness of
 factious opinions. Next to these, as
 the soul is still undressing, she takes
 off* the roughness of her great and lit
 tle angers and animosities, and re
 ceives the oil of mercies. She receives
 the oil of mercies and smooth forgive
 ness, fair interpretations and gentle
 answers, designs of reconciliation and
 Christian atonement in their places.—
 Jeremy Taylor.
A Very Old Volume. —The oldest book
 in the library of Congress, is an imperfect
 copy of the second edition of“Higden’B Po
 lyerironicon,” printed in black letter, by Wyn
 ken de \V orde, 1495. The work consists of
 346 folios. The first 7 folios, and all after
 332 in this copy, are supplied by manuscript.
 Ihe colophon leads as follows: “Thus en
 ded the thirteenth daye of Apryll the tenth
 year of the reign of King Henry VII and the
 incarnation of our Lorde MCCCCLXXXXV.
 Emprynted ot Westmestyre by Wynken de
 Worde,"
