European Affairs.
Since we last had an opportunity of chroni
 cling the history of European States, nothing
 of very startling impoit has transpired—no
 profane hands have violated the sanctity of
 thrones —nor have any sacrilegious mobs
 peered curiously into the sacred precincts of
 royalty. Kings, Princes and emperors, exer
 cise their authority—some of them with be
 coming and cautious lenity—others with an
 arrogance and rigor, which testify to the con
 fidence theyhave in their re-established securi
 ty. The revolutions of 1848-49, are as
 much as possible, glossed over, and attempted
 to be forgotten. Still, all will not do. Under
 the smooth exterior, there is a seething and
 bubbling up of the popular cauldron, which in
 due season, will again, if gradual reformatory
 and ameliorative measures are not carried into
 effect, burst out with terrible violence, tossing
 aside, and tumbling into one headlong mass,
 Kings, Popes, and Emperors, teaching them
 and all oppressors, (America’s slave-breed
 ing, women-whipping chivalry among the
 number) the lesson, not to be again forgotten,
 that what the world wants is not the gov
 ernment of hereditary tyrants and political
 gamblers, but the wise and happiness-pro
 ducing leadership of virtuous philanthropy.
 England. The steamship America is the
 last arrival. She brought the Queen’s speech,
 which was read by commission, at the oper.-
 ning of Parliament, on the 31st of January.
 It is not a very lengthy document, and does
 not coniain much. It laments the decease of
 Queen Adelaide; states that “Her Majesty
 happily continues at peace with foreign pow
 ers,” refers to the difficulty between Russia
 and Turkey, and states that explanations
 have taken place which fottunately remove
 any danger to the peace of Europe, notices
 th« relaxation of the navigation laws, and
 the reciprocal movement in the same direc
 tion, on the part of the United States and
 Sweden. It then goes on to speak of home
 affairs—especially Ireland; and after various
 congratulations, hopes, and so forth, con
 cludes thus
“It is Her Majesty’s hope and belief that
 by combining liberty with order, by preserv
 ing what is valuable, and amending what is
 defective, you will sustain the fabric of our
 institutions as the abode and the shelter of a
 free and happy people.”
 In the Lords, the Earl of Essex moved the
 usual Address; to which the Protectionists,
 moved an amendment to the effect that the
 agricultural classes are laboring under severe
 pressure, in consequence of the Free Trade
 policy pursued by Government —in other
 words, that under that policy there seemed
 to be little prospect that landlords would
 again be blessed with famine prices and ex
 orbitant rents. The amendment was lost by
 a large majority, in favor of Ministeis.
 The Times of Feb. 7, has a long article,
 setting forth a plan for a direct and perma
 nent way, connecting Calais and Mooltan. It
 first sight the proposal seems monstrous; but
 on further consideration, it dwindles down
 to more measurable proportions. The entire
 distance, is after all, not much over 3,000
 miles. The total cost of this enormous un
 dertaking is estimated at j£3,050,000. After
 stating some of the difficulties in the way of
 this scheme, the Times concltules
 “However, we have at least fairly beaten
 the Americans in comprehensive surveys and
 audacious speculation, and we have abundant
 reasons for believing that the scheme which
 we have here detailed has actually been con
 sidered for years, has been digested with the
 aid of all accessible information, and has
 been devised with no other end than that of
 promoting a great national good.”
France. There is little in the proceedings
 of the French legislative Assembly that de
 mands notice. The chief topic of discussion,
 at the date of the departure of the mail,
 was the Bill relating to conventions between
 manufacturers and workmen in matters con
 nected with weaving.
The prosecution of offending editors still
 continues. The editor of La Liberte a so
 cialist journal, has been sentenced to three
 months’ imprisonment .and 4,000 f. fine.
 The Legitimist journal, La Mode is also
 to be prosecuted for an offence against
 the President, and for exciting to haired
 and contempt against the government of the
 Republic. The Voix du Peuple, M. Proud
 hon’s journal, has been seized, for containing
 seditious articles. La Presse, also, (M. Gir
 ardin’spaper) had been tried, and acquitted,
 for the reproduction of an article which had
 appeared in another paper. The numbers
 seized were in consequence restored. The
 Opinion Publique having accused M.Girardin
 of being ambitious of the place of “Directing
 and Centralizing Minister,” he (M. GiraTdin)
 frankly replies that he “hasdone much more
 than aspire to the functions of Directing
 Minister, he has had the audacity to prepare
 himself for them. Were he to be named di
 recting [Minister this evening the expose of
 his ideas would appear at length in to-mor
 row morning’s Moniteur
 Some rioting has taken place in Paris, in
 consequence of the removal by government,
 of the trees of liberty (some 800 in number.)
Ultimately, the troops were called out, and
 tranquillity restored, bnt not until the whole
 city had been much alarmed.
Rome. It is currently reported that the
 loan to the Roman government of 33,000, 000
 francs, has been taken by the Rothschilds.
 Dr. Achilli who has for some months past
 been confined in piison by the Papal authori
 ties, has been at length set at liberty, and is at
 present in Paris. According to a statement
 forwarded to the daily papers by Sir Culling
 Eardly, the release is in consequence of
 “communications of an urgent character,”
 proceeding from the Government of the
 french Republic.
 Turkey and Austria. Diplomatic rela
 tions continue suspended between Turkey
 and Austria. It is said the Riitish Govern
 ment have given permission to the Poles to
 be expelled to take up their abode at Malta,
 and that a man-of-war steamer was to leave
 for Varna, to convey them to their des
 tination/' The Turkish Treasury is, at pres-
ent, very nearly empty. The resources of
 the Turkish empire are immense; but pecu
 lation is carried on to scuh a frightful extent
 that a comparatively very small portion ot the
 revenue finds its way into the coffers of the
 State.
 The Breslaucr Zeitung has letters from Vi
 enna of the 18th, announcing the death of
 Gen. Bern. It appears from letters from Sys
 tow of the 2d mst. that Gen. Bern died sud
 denly, and (it is asserted) from poison. The
 pews of course requites confirmation.
11l tated Hungary still continues to be the
 scene of the detestable Haynau’s atrocities.
 He says that the Hungarians must be kept
 down with a strong hand.
 The news from Transylvania becomes ev
 ery day more and more distressing. Klau
 senburg, and the country round it, is given
 up to the tender mercies of Col..Urban,whose
 only idea of 'government seems to be the
 plentiful applicatimjcf the knout.
 Switzerland. It appears that from the
 influx of refugees,some of the most important
 Swiss towns are become the seats of power
 ful associations:
Alarmed at the fact, Austria and Prussia
 (backed it is said by Rusria) have presented
 to the Federal Government their formal de
 mand for the expulsion of the refugees. The
 Federal Government has addressod itself to
 the French Cabinet to know what couraeLouis
 Napoleon would be disposed to adopt in the
 event of an invasion of the rights or the terri
 tory of the Federal Government; and the Ger
 man Governments, anxious to identify the
 policy of the French President with their own,
 and to divest theii intended course of action of
 all appearance of aggression on France, have
 invited Louis Nepoleon to concur and partici
 pate in the remonstrances and operations which
 may become necessary. The question is
 thus brought under the noticej of the head of
 the republic on both sides.
 This is a very delicate mattter, and the
 French cabinet are in great embrrassment,
 having to reply,so as not to offend the powers
 without acceding to their demand.
 That the peace of Europe can be for a
 great while preserved, amidst all the dis
 turbing and contradictory elements at woik,
 seems extremely problematical. War is at
 all times and in all circumstances a most de
 plorable evil; but while opposed to all war,
 we shall sti.l yield our sympathies to the op
 pressed ot all lands in their struggle for lib
 erty, and earnestly desire their success.— j.d.
We copy the following from “the Phila
 delphia Leger.” It was doubtless, inserted
 as an advertisement, by oui friends there as
 an answer to the villanous attacks made upon
 them by another Journal in that city.— f. d.
“Though we break our father’s'promise,
 we have nobler duties first; the traitor to
 humanity is the traitor most accurst; man is
 more than Constitutions; -better rot beneath
 the sod, than be true to Church and State,
 while we are doubly false to God.”
 Amemorial, of which the following is a
 copy, is now at the Anti-Slavery Office, 31
 N. Fifth St., for signatures. All citizens so
 disposed are invited to call and attach to it
 their names:
To the Senate and House of Representatives in
 Congress ussembltd
 The undersigned, inhabitants ot Philadel
 phia, on behalf of themselves and of a large
 and rapidly incieasing portion of the people
 of Pennsylvania and other Northern States,
 respectfully represent that the union at pre
 sent subsisting between the slaveholding and
 non-slaveholding portions of this confederacy
 is a source of grievances so numerous and
 oppressive as to call for immediate measures
 on the part of those who have the power,
 for their redress. Among these grievances,
 they would respectfully enumerate the follow
 ing, as the most pressing in their demand lor
 correction
1. Despite the article of the Federal Con
 stitution, which declares that “the citizens
 of each State shal enjoy all the privileges
 and immunities of citizens of the sevral
 states,” a portion of the citizens of the north,
 solely on account of their complexions, on
 visiting southern states are seized, thrust into
 prison, fined, condemned to work with felons
 in the chain gang, and frequently sold on the
 auction block as slaves.
11. Perfectly legal measures to bring those
 eutrages to the notice of the Federal Courts
 are forbidden by severe penal enactments, as
 in the case |of the Hon. Samuel Hoar and
 Hon. Henry Hubbard, who were appointed
 for this especial purpose by the Legislature
 of Massachusetts, but who were driven back
 with insult and violence from the States to
 which they were sent.
111. The most sacred of all rights, that of
 freedom of speech and of the press, withoul
 which there can be no true liberty under any
 form of government, has been practically de
 nied in a large portion of this country, and
 to thousands of its most respectable as well
 as some of its most distinguished inhabitants.
 It is a notorious fact that there are but few
 places south of Mason and Dixon’s Line
 where the doctrine of the Declaration of In
 dependence that “all men are created equal
 and endowed with an inalienable right to life,
 liberty and the pursuit of happiness” can be
 publicly avowed and appropriately applied
 without imminent personal hazard.
 IV. The Union, between the slaveholding
 and non-slaveholding States and the alleged
 necessity of its perpetuation, is made the
 pretext for l exorbitant and nnjust demands on
 the part of the former, and the most degrading
 concessions and humiliating self abasement on
 the part of the latter, begetting a spirit on
 the one hand of overbearing tyranny, and on
 the other of slavish and grovelling submis
 sion—both alike inconsistent with our theory
 of republican equality, at vaiiance with the
 best interests of a majority of the people, and
 injurious to the cause ot freedom and free
 institutions throughout the world.
 V. The comproses of the Federal Con
 stitution are felt to be especially burdensome,
 because by them the people of the North are
 obliged Ist. To fcid slaveholder, di
 rectly or indirectly, in recapturing his fugitive
 slaves. 2d. To assist, if in the judgment ot
 the Executive it should ever become necessa
 ry, to repress by force any uprising on the
 part of the slaves for their liberty; and 3d.
 To concede to the slaveholder extraordinary
 .political power, in the privilege of repre
 senting three-fifths of his slaves in the. Elec
 toral College and in Congress—thus famish
 ing him at the same moment the motive and
 ability to perpetuate his system. By these
 compromises the people of the North are in
 volved as partners in the support of Slavery,
 and made to share with the Suoth in all the
 evils and responsibilities of its continuance.
To these facts, as constituting grievances
 no longer tolerable, the undersigned invite
 the attention of your honorable body, and res
 pectfully ask that, if in your judgment there
 be no other speedy means for their redress,
 you will take immediate measures for the
 peaceful Dissolution of the Union.
Increased Excitement at Washington.
 Washington, Feb. 26, 1850.
Senator Foote’s statements have created
 alarm. The events expected are a renewal
 of the struggle between North and South
 next Mouday, and the consequence, the break
 ing up of the House by the Southern men,
 who are coming armed for a contest.
 That is the design and expectation. Mr.
 Foote made his general assertion without par
 ticulars* He, therefore urged the Senate to
 do something by Saturday. Foote was un
 questionably authorized to state what he did.
 The affair between the Illinois and Mississ
 ippi members is unsettled. Attempts will bt
 made to arrange the matter. It is simply a
 dispute as to historical facts.
 The President stated in conversation this
 mot ping that the parties referred to different
 periods of the action.
Calhoun’s epeech will be read by Mr. But
 ler on Thursday.— Corr. N. Y. Jour of Com
ICpThe most sensible duellist we ever
 heard of, was one who chose pistols and a mile
 as his wepons and distance.
Southern Caucus.
 Washington, Feb. 26.
 The Southern men have held a secret
 caucus, and are acting in concert.
 Extraordinary developments are expected—
 there is a great excitement here.
 Cols. Bissell and Davis are still correspond
 ing upon the subject of the Buena Vista bat
 tle, and the debate upon the Slavery question.
 A duel at this time is much deprecated.
 The present excitement in the Senate is re
 garded as a desperate effort to force the
 North to a compromise.— Corr. N. V. Ex
 press.
The “Crisis” Apparently Approaching.
 Washington, Feb. 25th.
A coup-de-main was attempted in the Sen
 ate to-day by Senator Foote, or ratliei it was
 led off by him. The Senate seemed more
 deeply excited than I had imagined could be
 possible during the enactment of this scene.
 Foote proposed that a committee of twelve
 should be elected by ballot, equally from free
 and slave States, who should choose the thir
 teenth, and to them should bejsubmitted all of
 the matters in defence between the North and
 South, and upon which they should report.
 He remarked to the apparent astonishment
 of the Senate that unless there was some
 movement towards an adjustment of this kind,
 events would occur, within a week or ten days
 which must render any compromise impossible.
 This was said with startling solemnity. But
 ler of S. C. opposed such a movement now
 as calculated to place them in an awkward
 position if the proposition agieed upon in com
 mittee should fail in the Senate. He took
 occasion to say in the course of remark that
 if we were to part he hoped to do so without
 leaving behind him any personal ill feeling
 with any Senator from the North.
 This heightened the excitment, Walker of
 Wisconsin deprecated the movement, Davis,
 Badger, and Berrien in favor, Dayton of New
 Jersey, in a cool sensible onslaught upon the
 movement made sad havoc with the deep and
 solemn impression of impending danger which
 had been created. So it was postponed until
 to-morrow.
It is almost impossible to judge of this
 movement in the excitement of the moment.
 W ithdrawalfrom Congress is,however, I doubt
 not contemplated. As a majority constitutes a
 quorum, however, it will be seen that enough
 will remain |to do business. The ulimate
 result must be that those who withdraw will
 lose their seats and their pay, and the people
 of the South will send others to their places.
 I have within a day or two past chanced to
 see some unmistakable evidences of Southern
 attachment to the Union. The compromise,
 too, some Southern States cousidered ultra.
 This desperate move of Foote’s is regarded
 as in consequence of the reaction. Juvenal.
The Chances of Disunion.
 Washington, Feb. 24, 1850.
 j t j s understood here that
thirty-four members from the Slave States
 have signed an agreement to persevere in
 staving off all transaction of business in the
 House until the Slavery question shall be set
 tled to their liking, by ealling the Yeas and
 Naves, moving adjournment, calls of the
 House. &amp;o.&amp;c. whenever there shall be an
 effort to do anything. The Northern mem
 bers are cogitating plans to baffle such man
 oeuvres, and one proposition considered is that
 of adjourning and having a special session
 called, at the beginning of which such new
 rules may be adopted as are adapted to the
 state of things.
 “H is alarmed and confident that
 blood will be spilt on thefloor of the House be
 fore the Session closes. He says he knows
 many members who go to the House armed
 every day in anticipation of a general fight.
 W 'is confident that Disunion is now
 inevitable. He knows intimately nearly all
 the Southern members, is familiar with their
 views, and sees the letters that reach them
 from their constituents. He says the most
 ultra are well backed up by advices from
 home. What the end| is to be we§ cannot
 imagine.”— Correspondent N. Y. Tribune,
Philadelphia, Feb- 25, 1850.
Frederick Douglass.—Mr. Griffiin lec- i
 tured before the Philadelphia Lib. Co., and
 elicited much applause. He successfully dem
 onstrated the utility of commercial pursuits as
 a means of diminishing existing prejudices.—
 With a few peculiarities of language his lec
 ture was, upon the whole, interesting and elo
 quent—the usual debate was postponed to en
 able him to occupy the whole evening, which
 he did, and many would have been pleased to
 have heard him again. Dr. Peck, who pur
 poses visiting the West Indies, has lectured
 twice before the P. L. C.,'on Mesmerism, to
 the great satisfaction of his numerous hearers
 Oneof them an English gentleman apparently,
 after the Doctor had experimented upon him,
 made a speech, in which he expressed the
 great pleasure it gava him to find so many
 persons so well employed, and complimented
 them upon the effectual manner in which
 they were refuting the slanderous accusations
 of their enemies. It is rarely that any of our
 city friends, i. e. les blancs,” honor us with
 their presence, or encourage us in our efforts
 for improvement. They believe they perform
 their duty in contributing towards the aboli
 tion of slavery and the slave trade, and in
 encouraging the sale of Free Labor produce.
 They care but little for the moral and in
 tellectual elevation of the free people of color,
 and believe them sufficiently happy if they
 have become good cooks, and scullions, hew
 ers of wood and drawers of water. Unlike
 the quaint, powerful, but mean “Hero wor
 shipper,” they would rather we were not un
 der the rule of “beneficent whips,” at the
 same time they believe that if we, whip in
 hand, drive their horses,Tve are fulfilling our
 destiny, and that there is no necessity for us
 to progress and to develope our faculties, to
 aspire to the learned professions, the fine arts
 or mercantile persuits. Last week Mr.
 Robert Purvis, lectured upon “Human
 Rights,” before the P. L. C. His discourse
 was brief but to the point, full of poetic fire,
 and delivered with fiis characteristic energy
 and enthusiam. He was quite severe upon
 Secret Institutions, existing among the color
 ed population, and set forth in glowing colors
 the great good that might be accomplished,
 if instead of applying such large sums of
 money, to gewgaws, processions, &amp;lc., they
 were expended for the attainment of Equal
 Rights proving his position by incontroverti
 ble facts, one of which was, that while the
 whites smiled approvingly upon extravagant
 displays of costly regalia, &amp;c., and encour
 aged processions which diverted the oppres
 sed from the object which should command
 all their talents, they mobhed them when
 in procession, they displayed Banners signifi
 cant of Liberty and Equal Right?,
 At the close of the lecture,"a warm dis
 cussion took place with regard to secret In
 stitutions. A white gentleman] Mr. W., de
 fended Odd-Fellowship, &amp;c., very ingenious
 ly, but I thought erred in net taking a vie w
 of it from tfie proper point. He should place
 himself amid the same circumstances which
 surround the colored man, when debating
 this question. Mr. Purvis’s great argument
 in opposition appealed to he that those
 institutions absorbed too much of the means
 and talents which would be rqore usefully em
 ployed in rescuing as from the anomalous
position we occupy, and obtaining for us the
 rights of freemen. Mr. W .’s difference of
 opinion served to elicit all Mi- Purvis’s elo
 quence which afforded the assembly a fine in
 tellectual repast. In the course of the debate
 Mr.Purvis administered a cutting rebuke to the
 “venerable arch Compromiser” who ignorant
 of that magnanimity of soul which should
 be one of the principal characteristics of a
 great mind, has so frequently slandered a weak
 and persecuted portion ot the American Peo
 ple. Would the Hon. gentleman could have
 heard it. It would have enabled him for the
 future to view us in a different light, and
 caused perhaps a fresh spring of thought to
 meander thiough his gigantic intellect. Before
 the Phcenixonian, Dr. Bryan lectured upon
 the anatomy of the age. He is one of the
 ablest lecturers whom I have ever had the
 pleasure of listening to. He complimented
 the audience upon their attention, and con
 gratulated them upon the instruction they
 were receiving from different persons of emi
 nence. Dr. Patterson also lectured before
 this Institution, upon the circulation of the
 Blood, illustrated by many beautiful engrav
 ings and preparations. A paper read betore
 this Institution by Mr. Townsend on t
habits and instincts of birds, abounded with
 agreeable information. The lectures before
 these two institutions are always well at
 tended. The Phoenixonians charge 6I 2 cts.
 for a single lecture and 25 cts. for the course.
 The Phil. Lib. Co. give their lectures free
 gratis and take up a collection. There has
 been a “Barber’s Ball” since my last writing,
 which I have been told w r a3 fully and fashion
 ably attended. A Fancy Ball is in prepara
 tion, and the ‘gay spirits’ are all on the qui
 vive. A number of Concerts have also
 taken place lately. One was given by the
 Odd Fellows, in Franklin Hall. Great pre
 parations were made for this entertainment.
 Many who had purchased tickets, w’ere un
 able to gain admittance, on account of the
 large attendance. It is thought there were
 between eight and nine hundred persons in
 the hall. The performance went off in a
 pleasing manner. Splendid wreaths were
 presented to Miss. G. and to Mrs. B. whose
 vocal abilities afforded the large audience so
 much pleasure. The concert is to be re
 peated. R. D.
We have not been able to publish the let
 ters, to which friend Mabbitt refers. We
 think, however, that the present one contains
 the gist of his former ones
Women 6 Rights.
In my last article on this subject, I insist
 ed that there was no good reason, why wo
 men might not take at least an equal part,
 with our sex in the professions of La w, Medi
 cine, and the Christian Ministry.
 In previous articles I have endeavoured to
 show the inadequacy and futility of existing
 law's and customs to render equal justice to
 widow’s, and unmarried women. I wish to
 say something more on this point:
 A few years since the people of this State
 were called upon to vote, in reference to the
 license system—w’helher we should, or should
 not, have licensed dram houses—whether men
 could have the sanction and authority, of their
 respective towns, to deal out the imoxicating
 fluid to their fellow men 1 Sin meii-
ced this series of articles, our Legislature
 have passed an act prohibiting the sale of
 intoxicating drinks as a beverage, but which
 will not become a law unless by the
 legal voters of their state at our general elec
 tion next fall. Now is there a reasonable
 doubt, if all our tax paying citizens without
 reference to color, or sex, could have the use
 of the elective Franchise, that the shameless
 monster, Intemperance could have a legal ex
 istence? I think not. Too many of our
 female citizens have felt the effects, not t°
 avail themselves of the opportunity for the
 removal of the cause.
Take the case of War. Suppose some
 nation should insult our Countiy’s Flag, and
 there should be a public expression through
 the ballot box. calledj for—women being al
 lowed to vote. Is there a doubt as to the
 result of such an expression The reasoning
 of our mother?, wives, sisters, daughters,
 would be something like this—“ Pretty idea
 truly! to think of going to war, and hazard
 the loss of life, property, and public virtue
 just to punish an entire nation because a few’
 inconsiderate men had insulted our flag!”
 And how have they insulted our flag
 Why they have reminded us of the great
 propriety of such a flag—that it represents by
 its Stars, an exalted profession of Liberty;
 and by its atiipes—the lash upon the backs of
 Slaves—great reason this, for going to War!
 No; our men shall not by our consent go to
 war with their neighbors because they have
 had sufficient courage to tell them the truth.
 Acting in accordance with sentiments of this
 kind, qur women wmuld save our country
 from the ruinous consequences of War; and
 without reproach to us as a people, since it is
 no repioach to avoid the calamities of \Yar.
 Again, take the subject pf Slavery.- could our
 citizens of the other sex.of adult age be al
 lowed an expression upon this subject through
 the ballot box, there would |no chance for a
 slave-holder as such to, occupy any other posi
 tion than one of the lowest infamy— a nuis
 ance to anything like Republicanism. There
 are yet some men to be found in our land
 who hesitate not to sell their own children
 (shame on the creatures! they are not men,)
 and such creatures are allowed to vote and to
 be voted for, but, thank God, no American
 woman has yet been guilty of that dark deed
 —indeed it doe 3 not now occur to my mind
 that the page of history is stained with a re
 cord of any such crime. I am aware that
 the records of Antiquityjafford precedents of
 parents selling their children, but I have yet
 to learn that a woman has beep found or
 heprd from, thqt voluntarily, without fear or
 compulsion, ever sold her own child. I think
 my opinion is well founded when 1 say Give
 the women of our country the use of the
 Elective Franchise, and slavery would no
 longer be tolerated.
 L. MABBETT.
 Collins Center, N. Y. 2mo 27th 1850.
California. —There are six steamers run
 ning betw-een New York aud Chagres, as
 follows: Howard Co’s. Line, Empire
 City and Crescent Cityj George Law’s Line,
 Ohio and Georgia; Howland &amp;Aspmwall’s
 Line, Cherokee and Philadelphia. The New
 York Tribune gives the following informa
 tion in regard to them: —The price of passage
 by the Howland line is $65 in the steerage,
 and SBO to $125 in the cabins. The steerage
 passage includes mattresses and board. The
prices by the Law line are, state room berth,
 $100; standee berth, S9O; steerage, SSO
 also including bedding and board. By the
 Aspinwall line, after saloons, $125; for
 ward saloon, $100; lower cabin, S9O. The
 prices by the Law line are lower then by the
 othets, because those steamers do not go di
 rect.
Between Panama and San Francisco there
 are ten steamers now running, as will be seen
 as follows:—Howland Aspinwall s Line,
 Oregon, California, Unicorn, Panama, len
 nessee, and Carolina;.-Howard Son s Line,
 Sarah Sands and Jfew Orleans; M. O. Ro
 bert’s Line, Colnmbus and Isthmus. The
 prices on the Pacific are the same in all the
 above steamers —first cabin, $200; second
 cabin or steerage, 150. Passengers are
 allowed ten cubic feet of baggage. Freight
 in the Howard Line is taken at $2 per foot,
 and we suppose in the others at the same
 price. The Aspinwall steamers are full, on
 the Pacific side, up to May. Tne Howard
 steamers are also full to May, and it is doubt
 ful if a steam passage could be obtained from
 Panama until after April. We believe that
 sailing vessels are running between Panama
 and San Francisco, and passage can be ob
 tained at from 150 to $200:
The Winter rN Europe. —While we
 have been enjoying a rematkablv mild winter
 on this side of the Atlantic, in Europe, both
 at the North and South, the season appears to
 have been one of unusual severity. Letters
 from the frontier of Italy, state that the Con
 tent of St. Bernard is entirely blocked up with
 snow. The monks have been obliged to cut
 a subterranean passage in order to extricate
 themselves.
Miss Margaret Fuller writes to the Tribune,
 from Florence, under date of Jan. 6th:
 This winter, Italy is shrouded with snow.
 Here in Florence tfie oil congeals iu the clo
 set beside the fire—the water also in the
 chambers —just as in our country houses of
 New England, as yet uncomfortable by fur
 naces. I was supposing this to be confined
 to colder Florence, but a letter this day re
 ceived from Rome, says the snow lies there
 two feet deep, and water freezes instantly if
 thrown upon the pavement. I hardly know
 how to believe—l who never saw but one
 slight powdering of snow all my two Roman
 winters, scarce enough to cover a canary
 bird’s wing.
 Letters from Montpelier, state that the ex
 cessive cold has caused serious injury to the
 Olive plantation in that part of France.
More Kidnapping in Illinois. —A Spring
 field, 111., corespondent of the Princetown
 Advocate, gives a detailed account of the re
 cent kidnapping operations in that section.
 He says: “Some time ago there was a tele
 graph report of fourteen persons having ran
 away from St. Louis, describing a part, and
 offering a reward of S3OO each to whoever
 would take and retnrn them. The indivi
 dual telegraphed to put the facts in posses
 sion of a notable constable, S. L. Jones, w r ho
 went to a Springfield Justice and got a writ
 frsm him to seize and deliver said runaways
 Eight colored persons had arrived there just
 before this; they were immediately started
 further North by their friends; traveled in the
 night to elude the man-stealer in a free
 State; were followed by Jones, with a party
 of men w-ell-armed, who overtook them,
 threatened their lives, bound them hand and
 foot, and turned the horses’ heads towards
 Petersburgh. Thev finally concluded to
 part of the load to Springfield but when the
 two waggons got near the town, concluded it
 would not do to enter till after dark, and in
 this situation held camp-meeting over the
 prospect of the $2,400 —Jones remarking it
 was aj big pile, and so easily made. The
 prisoners, however, contrived to escape under
 cover of the daikness.” Yhe Supreme court
 have decided that the law of the State is un
 constitutional and no man but the owner or
 his legally authorized agent can stop a runa
 way.
Juvenile Vagrancy.—According to pre
 vlousnotice, Mr. Spear delivered an Ad
 dress in the Stuyvesant Institute, on the
 above subject, on Sunday afternoon. Mr.
 Spear stated the many difficulties connhcted
 with the wholegsubject. He alluded to the
 astounding disclosures made in the late Police
 Report. He thought that the public were
 now prepared to do something; that society,
 while it did not care much for the child, was
 beginning to ask what might be done for its
 own protection, and that one fact alone was
 beginning to excite great attention, which was
 that it was cheaper to prevent than punish
 crime; cheaper to build the school-house than
 the gallows; cheaper to pay the teacher than
 the hangman. Mr. Spear said, according to
 the report, their were three thousvnd children
 in the city, (Boston) either begging or steal
 ing.
Receipts
 For the North Star, for the Week ending
March 6, 1850,
Calvin Gilmore 2,00
 Dwelly Spalding don 10,00
 E. W. Paysc.n 2,00
 Talford Day 2,00
 L. Tilmon 2,00
 Hiram Wells 1,00
 Alice Simms 1,00
 S. S Mars 2,00
 Lourin Jackson 2,00
 Tappan Townsend 1,00
 John. E Robinson 2,Q0
 Ditto Donation 2,00
 P. Cummings 2,00
 L. Meirifield 2,00
 I. Howland 1,00
 Hi W. Hamlin 2,00
 William Collins 2,00
 J. W. Baldwin 2,00
 Alamson A. Peck 1,00
 Robert Paul 2,00
TESTIMONY FROM HIGH AUTHORITY.
 [From the Editor of the N.Y.Mirror. Aug.9,1848.]
Cure and nq Mistake. —We
 are about to write a voluntary statement of a cure
 recently effected by Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 Cherry, which the editor of this paper is willing to
 give under his own signature. We make it pro
 hono publico, as we have never seen tfiej proprietor
 of this invaluable medicine, and know nothing at
 all about him. About four weeks since, one of the
 compositors in this office was suffering 90 badly
 from a cough that he was unable to sleep nights,
 andj too weak to stand at hi? case. H,e became
 pale and thin, and gave symptoms of falling a vic
 tim io quick consumption,, \Ye recomended to him
 various medicines which had no effect. Finally we
 gave him one bottle of WISTAR’S BALSAM OF
 WILD CHERRA it afforded him immediate re
 lief, and he is now a well man, gaining in flesh*
 with a ruddy|complexion and not the slightest symp
 ptom of a cough. These are facts, and further par
 ticulars may be learned at this offiice. We should
 add ;ha. the cough was apooinpanied by profuse
 spitting ofblood.
Look oih far Imitations andj counterfeits. Re
 member, the original and only genuine artical al
 wayslhears the written signature of I. BUTTS,up
 on the outside wrapper.
Originaly prepared by Williams Co, Philadel
 phia, now prepared and sold, wholesale and retail,
 only-ffiy SETH W. FOWLE, Boston, Mass, to
 whom all orders should be addressed, and for sale
 by his agents everywhere.
 For sale by Post Wii.lis; also by Wm.
 Pit kin.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OF
[Extra from the “Waukesha Democrat,” Wis.}
 May Ist, 1849.
 “Sloan’s Medicnes. —A writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests] us to say
 that he has used Mr, Sloan’s Ointment in several
 instances during the past winter, and always with
 the desired effect,and wishes us to recommend it to
 those who have the use and care of horses, Mr,
 Sloan’s Medicines are highly spoken of generally,
 and from the favorable acquaintance we have \yith
 that gentleman, we are led. to believe that they are
 prepared with a Y',ew to give a real benehtto what
 ever purpose they are reeomeuded.
 (j£j*See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’s
 column. For further particulars and testimonials,
 get|Pamphlets of Agents
3. h u c r 1 i s c tit c it 1 s
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, and Confidential Letter W ritev,
 would most respectfully inform his fi iends and the
 public in general, that he has for their accommoda
 tion, opened his office for the keeping ol Books,
 casting accounts, w-riting letters upon business, &amp;c.
 the drawing of Bonds, arlicles of agreement, Con
 stitutions, bye-laws, reports, communications, &amp;c.
 &amp;c., at No. 169, South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 A m to 9 p. m
Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and tiie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 I’he designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, f)NE AND ALL,
 cam. and see for vourselves as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and V isettes at $3,50
 each.
Our stock of rich Black Silks, '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
Hair-Cuttins and Dressing at
 ZD. J. PATTERSON’a Saloou, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3 m
The Old Curosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respettfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to lie
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37Jc
Dental Surgery.
I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house Ne. 92 Monroe Street.
1 hankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Rail-Road Time.
CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12£ a.m., 8&amp; a.m., 1 p.m. 7|p.m.
 Westward—at 8| a. m., 2 p.m., 5| p.m. 11 p.m
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
For Sale heap,
 TWENTY BUILDING LOTS, in the Ninth
 Ward of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 walk from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately;
 will be accommodated on easy terms. Said I.ots
 lront on Thompson Street and Morell’s Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neat ONE-HORSE CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or an interview may be had at inv
 apartments in Weeksville, from 4 to 6 o’clock p.m".
 every day in the week, Saturdays excepted.
 jan 4 6w
Elihu Burritt’s Newspaper.
THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. F /lihu Bur _
 ritt, Proprietor; Elihu Surritt Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Edite rs Edmund Fra, Lon
 don, J B Syme Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Paris, Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVENTH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1850. Terms One Dollar and Fifty
 Cents per annum, invariably in advance. Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 '1 he Citizen is the organ of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the great reformatory questions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises of
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in the
 spirit of peace. It speaks for the slave as a brother
 bound; and for the abolition of all institutions and
 custnms which do not respect the image of God
 and a human brother, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be post paid, and directed to either of the
 Editors, at WORCESTER, MASS.
 jail 4—eaw 4t
TA VIES W. MONDORMING still continues to
 ’J keep the Groeery on Second Street, corner 01
 Elm, North side. Has constantly on hand every
 variety of Groceries. 3m
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
THE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house, No. 2£ Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place in Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner,J&amp;c.,may meet together, and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1848.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
nnHOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 -L sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, &amp;c, exchanged for new
 clohing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons wdth Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
ELLIS a. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Article?,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
TT7ILLIAM B. L,(jGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 coots a’,q Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford,,
W -B, L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis,
YITASHINGTON’S Daguerrian Gallery, 136
 VV Main Street, Buildings, Hartford
 •nnteticut.
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
(tCP All the medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post Willis, Winslow Young, Ro
 chester; S. Keushaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairstoic
 Co., Lewiston; T. &amp;A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 N\e, Fitts ford; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 druggists throughout the United States.
 family ointment.
 QLOANS OINTMENT is now universally ac-
 O knowledged to be an infallible remedy, in every
 case where it has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and liest Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore N ipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, hack, and the
 other parts of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and cveiy knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40(|Lake st., Chicago, IU.
doctoring in galena.
Mr. Sloan:-— Dear Sir. Almut three years age
 I Mas severely injured in one tit uiv legs by the
 falling of a pile of yvood yvliich occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being yvell again--bur. in order
 that I might neglect no means o’ltiun my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o* my surprise ami
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely yvell before I had finished using the
 second box.
 These facts T make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as vours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, wa s
 afflicted in his feet from the time be first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which yvere covered yvith a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; hut to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free fiom Tacks, all
 from one application of vour Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of hi#
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at yvhich time
 his feet were near about in a healthy nfite, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 yvise. Yours, &amp;c.
ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point]
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled tyvo years with five large deep ulcers', just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated lu#
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed tyvo
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, yvithout much if any benefit, w hen
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he yvas well.
Respectfully youra
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THF. WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMKNT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS
W. D. Si.oan:—
Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your uiiparal
 lel kd Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 chi Id, was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses-
I feel |indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, 1
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughness SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT Excels,
And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases:
Fresh Wounds, Galls of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalis, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
W.B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MUCH
Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to’’ is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test for your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 1849.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
Extract from the Waukesha Democrat Wis.
 May 9,1849,
“Sloan’s Medicines.” —A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 ■that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and front the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are piepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended.
RATTLE SNAKE BITE
Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir —Last month Mr
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had a
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake.
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In loss than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, but was actually put to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yours, respectfully,
 L. S. BARTLETT,
 CmcAGi, Jnne 9th, 1849
