Po 1 1 rb
For the North Star.
 MELINA.
The incident to which the following poem refers,
 was related to the author, by an eye-witness. Me
 lina was the daughter of a slave woman, belonging
 to her father, a rich planter, in the Island of Cuba,
 who died suddenly intestate, in the year 18— His
 butler, being his only legal representative, became
 possessed of all his property, consisting of many
 slaves, including our heroine and a young man, to
 whom she was betrothed. Her uncle, jealous of the
 young man’s devotion to Melina,sold him to a Bra
 zilian trader who was then on the Island, purchasing
 slaves for the Brazilian market. Her uncle became
 enamored of her, and resolved upon making her his
 mistress. The most flattering offers were made
 her, but these failing, he resorted to brutal violence
 with no better success. By some means she made
 her escape. After remaining concealed in the
 forest for many days, without food,she was retaken
 and sent to the mart to be sold; and while the auc
 tioneer was in the act of striking her off” to a
 young Spaniard, she fell dead.
Forth came the maid with measured tread,
 And scarce a breath she drew;
 While round the slave-mart gathered
 A marble-hearted crew.
Her form was tall and stately,
 Her eye of heavenly blue;
 And her fair cheek’s lily tint
 Soft as the morning dew.
Her garments were'of purest white;
 She wore her tresses plain;
 Upon her matchless feet no shoe,
 But at each heel a chain.
Ah! few were there who shrank to view
 Such beauty led to slaughter,
 And few that seemed to pity her,
 The Cuban’s hapless daughter.
What brings her to the shambles'!
 Is it for crime she’s donel
 No,” answered one among the throng,
 None’s purer ’neatli the sun.
But she’s of lofty bearing—
 Her spirit none can tame:
 E’er saw you maid more lovely 1
 Melina is her name.
Ah! once she had a lover,
 They severed from her side,
 And in 6tranger land away
 In slavery he died.
But yet she never murmured
 Not once the maiden wept;
 But in her sorrow-stricken breast
 Unbidden anguish kept.
Oh, yes, it had been dear,’ shhe said,
 T&gt; have pressed his fevered brow,
 And in his dying ear have breathed
 A last and faithful vow;
But ah! where’er thou lieet,
 Soft may thy pillow be;
 I know that angel-wings have borne
 Tby spirit far from me.
I know thy soul doth lave in light
 Redeemed, immortal, free:
 Oh, could I mount yon starred skies,
 And freedom share with thee!
But Heaven, do thou still guide me
 On rightly to the end;
 Against the tyrant’s h.st and rage
 My youthful heart defend!’
Nor did she yield her virtue
 To her cruel kinsman’s art;
 Not e’en I is sordid gold could win
 Melina’s guileless heart.
The tyrant scourged and bound her,
 And strove to win her still;
 But vain—the monster’s cruelty
 Ne’er changed the maiden’s will.
At length she broke her fetters,
 And bounded light and free;
 Hope eame round her, smiling
 As sunlight on the lea.
She hastened to the river,
 And swam the rapid tide,
 Then speeding to the forest dark,
 Pursuit a while defied.
She wandered blindly onward,
 Amid the lonely night;
 She thought the starry sentinels
 Would guide her eager flight.
Now weary, sick and fainting,
 And by hunger prest,
 She sank upon the dewy sward,
 In solitude to rest.
But soon her master’s bloodhounds
 Upon her track were led,
 Trained to hunt down fugitives,
 Furiously they sped.
She rose: she heard them coming—
 Swift as the arrow’s flight,
 Melina through the forest fled,
 And soon was lost to sight.
Alas’ she was o’ertaken;
 And here you see the end—
 The maiden at the shambles,
 Where human fiends attend.
There’ mark her heartless master,
 Yon demon dark and rude—
 He who sells his brother’s child,
 'I o glut his vengeful mood.
Oh! for the power to scourge the tvretch;
 To brand his victim’s name
 Full on his craven front, that all
 The world might learn his shame!”
He was a goodly yeoman
 Who did this tale relate—
 One who scorned the tyrant’s power,
 His paltry gold and hate.
Next spake the ruthless salesman
 Who held the auction mart,
 Words that chiiled Melina’s soul,
 And broke her aching heart:
“Here! here’s a likely womau,
 Of faultless symmetry;
 Sold unto the highest bidder:
 Not e’en a fault hath she.
Come! mount the stand, Melina,
 And let the people view
 Your pretty face! Does she not please
 Such connoisssurs as you?
Now for your bid, young gentleman!
 Five hundred, did you say I
 Fie! think you that I’m only here
 To give the girl awayT*
Then loud the wretches shouted;
 Loud laugh of jest and song
 Rang upon the airy tide,
 And sounded far and long.
But little deemed the tyrants,
 As in noise they plied,
 What friend was there, stern and sure,
 Close to the maiden’s side.
Woe! woe be yours,” the yeoman said,
 “Ye vultures of our race—
 Wbat! do you glory in your guilt,
 And shout your own disgrace'!”
But had you seen the maiden,
 As wildly back she threw
 The raven tresses from her brow—
 Her soft cheek’* bloodies* hue.
A sigh burst from her bosom,
 When the heard the summons ring
 That bi ought her on the shambles,
 A chatteled human thing.
 Oh! eloquent was her despair!
 Methinks I see her now—
 Her right baud raised to Heaven,
 Her left upon her brow.
Hushed wus the hour; the auction ceased;
 The crowd stood trembling by:
 Aghast and wan they turned their gaze
 From off the maiden’s eye.
 The sun refused approving light,
 And shrank behind the cloud,
 And o’er the pure and blushing skies,
 Darkness drew her shroud.
 She stood awhile in sadness thus,
 Then meekly bent her knee,
 And inly prayed of Heaven a boon,
 For death and liberty.
 Deep felt she in this trying hour
 Mute agony intense;
 While hung around her soul the terror—
 The terror of suspense.
 Sadden she rose, then uttered loud—
 ’Tis God forbids this sale!”
 Her voice unearthly echoed
 Along the deepening vale.
 Her blue eye rolled with frenzy;
 Oh! deep her bosom’s throe;
 And she—the faultless maiden —fell,
 Down beaten by the blow.
 No more—no more she uttered
 It was Iter dying breath;
 The guilty saw their victim
 Free in the arms of Death.
 The glow upon her kinsman’s cheek
 Now turned to ghastly hue,
 And drops of guilt stood on his brow,
 Like drops of frozen dew.
 He felt ftmorse’s burning flame,
 An endless torture sent;
 He stood—outcast of peace on earth,
 Crime’s loathsome monument.
 Again out spake the yeoman,
 And bending low his head:
 God it fills my soul with awe
 To see the maiden dead.
But thou hast snatehed her timely
 From the tyrant’s hand,
 And her chainless spirit wings
 Its flight to happier land.
Go! ye inhuman monster,
 There’s blood upon your brow;
 Go, speed your fleetest bloodhounds,
 Go hunt your victim now!”
And as the frighted crew dispersed
 In wild confused alarm,
 The noble yeoman raised the maid
 Upon his brawny arm:
Who around her lifeless form
 A humble vestment cast,
 And sighing sadly from his soul,
 From the market passed.
 R. B. FORTEN.
 Habtsville, Bucks Co. Pa.
ittißceilanc cub.
[From the Columbian.!
 OLIVER GODSMITH.
[continued.]
 We will give another instance of his
 idiocy. Previous to the publication of
 “The Deserted Village,” the book
 seller gave him a note for the price
 agreed upon—one hundred guineas.
 As he was on his way home he met an
 acquaintance, to whom he related the
 circumstance. The gentleman thought
 this a very large sum for so small a
 poem. “In truth,” said Goldsmith,
 "I think so too; it is much more than
 the honest man can afford, or the piece
 is worth. I have not been easy since
 I received it.” The idiot actually re
 turned the note to the bookseller, and
 left him to graduate the payment ac
 cording to the success of the work,
 Such idiocy is not very common in the
 world, and men were astounded at such
 displays of it. As there is not much
 danger- of »o great an increase in the
 number of such idiots as to render them
 a public burden, we should be glad to
 have a few more of them. Goldsmith
 was called “an inspired idiot”—we
 wish his acquaintances had the grace
 to consider such idiocy the gift of in
 spiration.
 We now come to the other charge
 against Goldsmith —the charge of vani
 ty. This charge was made particular
 ly by that vainest of the vain, James
 Boswell, whose jaundiced eye saw
 everything in a yellow light. He
 seems to have been an ardent believer
 in the doctrine to which Carlyle refers
 —that neediness and greediness and
 vainglory are the chief qualities of
 mankind, and that whatever cannot be
 referred to the categories of need and
 greed is without scruple ranged under
 that of vainylory. Goldsmith had need
 enough it is true; but as he was totally
 destitute of greed, Boswell thought an
 extraordinary number of his actions
 was to be attributed to vainglory. The
 peacock, who was so vain in regard to
 dress that after having been at Court,
 he went to the printing office with his
 trappings, and summoned all the prin
 ter’s devils to admire him, accuses
 Goldsmith of displaying vanity in dress!
 Mr. Irving, with kind-hearted good
 sense, attributes his apparent vanity to
 another feeling. “This proneness to
 finery in dress,” savs he, “which
 Boswell and others of (Goldsmith’s con
 temporaries, who did not understand
 the secret plies of his character, attri
 buted to vanity, arose, we are convin
 ced, from a widely different motive. It
 was from a painful idea of his own
 personal defects, which had been cruel
 jly stamped upon his mind in his boy
 hood by the sneers and jeers of his
 playmates, and had been ground deep
 er into it by rude speeches made to him
 ’in every step of his struggling career,
 until it had become a constant cause of
 awkwardness and
 !he had experienced more sensibly since
 his reputation had elevated him into
 polite society; and he was constantly
 endeavoring by the aid of dress to ac
 quire that personal acceptability, if we
 may use the phrase, which nature had
 denied him. If ever he betrayed a
 little self-complacency on first turning
 out in a new suit, it may perhaps, have
 been because he felt he had achieved a
 triumph over his ugliness.” He goes
 on to speak of circumstances existing
 xt the time of which he is treating,
 which may have rendered Goldsmith
 more than usually attentive to his per
 sonal appearance. He had become
 acquainted with the beautiful, intelli
 gent, sprightly, and agreeable Miss
 Hornecks, and was inspired with tender
 feelings towards the younger, who went
 by the name of the Jessamy Bridt.
“Alas! poor Goldsmith!” exclaims Mr
 laying, “how rauchofthis silken finery
 was dictated, not by vanity, but by
 humble consciousness of thy defects;
 how much of it was to atone for the un
 couthness of thy person, and to win
 favor in the\eyes of the Jessamy
 Bride!” A slight personal defect
 caused Byron to hate his fellow-men;
 in Goldsmith, the cofisciousnese of per
 sonal defect led to a vPfell meant effort
 to remove its effects. Yel Byron is ad
 mired and Goldsmith is laughed at.
 But Boswell represents Goldsmith as
 “strutting about and bragging of his
 dress.” It is easy to see that on the
 occasion to which Boswell alludes,
 Goldsmith was indulging his humor, ol
 which he possessed a sreat share.
 Such a fool as Boswell was incapable
 of understanding Goldsmith.
 We will give two other instances of
 what the incorrigible dunce considers
 displays of vanity. He went with the
 Miss- Hornecks Jto France. While
 stopping at a hotel in Lisle, they were
 drawn to the windows by a military
 parade in front. The extreme beauty
 of the Miss Horrecks immediately at
 tracted the attention of the officers,
 who broke forth with enthusiastic
 speeches and compliments intended for
 their ears. Goldsmith was amused for
 a while, but at length affected impati
 ence at this exclusive admiration of his
 beautiful companions, and exclaimed
 with mock severity, “Elsewhere I also
 would have my admirers.” It required
 a Boswell to construe this into an evi
 dence of mortified vanity. On another
 occasion he went with Burke to wit
 ness the performances of some puppets
 When Burke praised the dexterity
 wiih which one of them tossed a pike,
 “Pshaw,” said Goldsmith, with some
 warmth, according to Boswell, “I can
 do it better myself.” “The same even
 ing,” adds this prince of fools, “he
 broke his shin by attempting to exhibit
 to the company how much better he
 could jump over a stick than ihe pup
 pets. Well did Johnson describe Bos
 well as a fellow who had missed his
 only chance of immortality by not hav
 ing been alive when the Dunciad was
 written. It is true he gained immortaii
 ty in a way not expected by Johnson;
 but his work is like freason —we are
 pleased with the thing itself, but des
 pise the author. He was so anxious
 to be down an ass,” that in
 the absence of the sexton, Ije wrote it
 down himself.
 Croker, in his notes to Boswell, re
 lates an occurrence which has been
 considered a ludicrous display of Gold
 smith’s vanity. It was related to
 Croker by Col. O’Moore, of Cloghan
 Castle, in Ireland, who was a party
 concerned. The Colonel and Burke,
 walking one day through Leicester
 Square, on their way to Sir Joshua
 Reynolds’s, wtih whom they were to
 dine, observed Goldsmith, who was
 likewise to be a guest, standing and
 regarding a crowd which was staring
 and shouting at some foreign ladies in
 the window of a hotel. “Observe
 Goldsmith,” said Bupke to O’Moore,
 “and mark what passes between us at
 Sir Joshua’s.” They passed on and ar
 rived there before him. Burke receiv
 ed Qoldsn)ith with affected reserve ard
 coldness. Being pressed Ip explain
 the reason, said he, “I am
 ashamed to keep company with a per
 son who could act as you have just done
 in the Square.” Goldsmith protested
 he was ignorant of what was meant.
 “Why, said Burke, “Did you not ex
 claim as you were looking up at those
 women, what a stupid beast the crowd
 must be for staring with such admira
 tion at those painted Jezebels, while a
 man of your talents passed py un
 noticed?” “Surely, surely, my dear
 friend,” cried Goldsmith, with alarm,
 “surely I did not say so?” “Nay,”
 rrpjied Kurke. “if you had not said so,
 how should I have known it?” “That’s
 true.” answered Goldsmith, “I am
 very sorry—it was very foolish; Ido
 recollect that something of the kind
 passed through my mind, but I did not
 think that I had uttered it.”
 Now this proves nothing in the world
 but Goldsmith’s childlike simplicity of
 character. He was unsuspicious of a
 trick and could be made to believe al
 most anything. We do believe the
 thoughts no more passed the mind than
 the words passed from his lips. But his
 mind, having no suspicion of decep
 tion, was seeking a cause for the effect
 before him, and could find no other
 explanation than that he must have
 spoken the words, and thought the
 thoughts. When a man, in a very
 earnest manner, insists that you cer
 tainly do know some particular indivi
 dual, you will begin to think you do
 know him, though you have never seen
 him in your life. If water is thrown in
 the face of a sleeping man, his mind
 goes to work to invent a cause. He
 dreams that he sees clouds gathering
 slowly in the west. They become
 gradually thicker and darker. At last
 they approach, the whole heaven is
 oyerspread, and the rain pours down
 in torrents upon his head. All this is
 dreamed in the very moment of wak
 ing. The sleeper dreams of a storm
 to account for the water on his face.
 We believe that Goldsmith’s thoughts
 were as imaginary as the sprinkled
 sleeper’s clouds. Burke threw water
 in his face, and the rpind invented an
 explanation.
 The little peculiarities of Goldsmith
 never impaired the affection of his
 friends. The same Burke that had
 amused himself with tricks upon his
 simplicity, burst into tears when he
 heard of his death. Sir Joshua Rey
 nolds threw by his pencil and grieved
 more than he had done in times ot great
 family distres. Johnson felt the blow
 deeply land gloomily. The object of
 such affection must have had a noble
 soul. We feel that we could have
 clasped such a man to our bosom and
 loved him with all his debts. A Gold
 smith is not given to us every day.
 Let us love his virtues and forget his
 failings.
From Blackwood’s Magazine.
 ROMANCE OF RUSSIAN HISTORY
The characters of few sovereigns
 admit of being judged more variously
 than that of Peter I. of Russia, sur
 named the Great. According to the
 point of view whence we contemplate
 him, we behold the hero or the savage;
 the wise legislator or the lawless ty
rant; the patient pursuer of sicence or
 the dissolute and heartless debauchee.
 A short time before his death, ac
 cording to Mr. Blanc, although other
 writers fix the date some years earlier,
 Peter was violently smitten by the
 charms of a young girl, named Ivan
 owd. Although tenderly attached, and
 about to be married to an officer of the
 regiment of Schonvaioff, she dared
 not oppose the Czar’s wisher, but be
 came his mistress. Peter, who took
 her repugnance for timidity, fancied
 himself beioved and passed much of
 his time in her society, in a charming
 cottage in which he had installed her
 at one of the extremities of St. Peters
 burgh. Her had enriched her family,
 who were ignorant, however, of her re
 treat. He betrothed, whose name was
 Demetrius Danilotf, was iivdespair at
 her disappearance, and made uncea
 sing efforts to discover her, but all in
 vain, until Ivanowa, having made a
 confidant of a Livonian slave, had him
 conducted to her presence. The lovers’
 meetings were then trequent, so much
 so, that Peter received intelligence of
 them. His anger was terrible; he
 roared like a tiger.
 “Betrayed! betrayed everywhere
 and always!” cried he, striding wildly
 about the room, and striking his brow
 with his clenched fist. “Oh! revenge!
 revenge!”
 Before the close of the day he left
 the palace, alone, wrapped in a coarse
 cloak, his feet in mailed shoes whose
 patches attested their long service, his
 head covered with a fox-skin cap which
 came down over his eyebrows and hall
 concealed his eyes. He soon reached
 Ivanowa’s house, where the lovers
 deemed themselves perfently secure,
 for the Czar had spread a report of
 his departure for Moscow. Moreover,
 the faithful Livonian slave kept watch
 in. the antechamber, to give an alarm
 at the least noise. Peter knew all this,
 and had taken his measures according,
 ly. Ooening an outer door with a key
 of his own, he bounced into the ante
 room, upon the slave, and with a kick
 of his powerful foot burst the door that
 separated him from the lovers. All
 this occurred with the speed of light
 ning. Daniloff and Ivanowa had scarce
 time to rise from their seats, before the
 Czar stood over them with a drawn
 sword ip his hand. Ivanowa uttered a
 cry of terror, fell on her knees and
 fainted. Prompt as the Czar, Daniloff
 bared his sabre and threvy himself bs
 tweea his mistress and Peter. The
 latter lowered his weapon.
 “No,” he said, “the revenge were
 too brief.”
He opened a wjnficny and erjea
 hourral At this signal a hundred sol
 diers crowded into the house. Master
 ing his fury, the Czar ordered the
 young officer to be taken to prison,
 there to receive one hundred blows of
 the hattoques or sticks. Ivanowa was
 also confined until the senate should
 decide on her fate. The next day
 Daniloff received his terrible punish
 ment. Before half of it had been in
 flicted, his back, from the loins to the
 shoulders, was one hideous wound,
 &amp;c.,' &amp;c. We omit the reyolting de
 tails. Nevertheless the executioners
 strike, and the hundred
 blows were* counted, without a com
 plaint from the sufferer. The unfortu
 nate Daniloff had not even fainted; he
 got up aJope f when untied, and asked
 to have hWwounds carefuily dressed/
 “I have need to live a short time
 longer,” he added.
 Meanwhile, Ivanowa was brought
 before the senate, and accused of high
 treason, and of trying to discover state
 secrets —a charge of Peter’s invention.
 The supple senate, created by the
 Czar, condemned her to receive twen
 ty-two blows of the knot in the pres
 ence of her accomplice Daniloff, al
 ready punished by the emperor’s order.
 —On the day appointed for the execu
 tion, Peter stood upon the balcony of
 his winter palace. Several batalions
 of infantry marched past, escorting
 the unfortunate Demetrius, who, in
 spite of the frightful sufferings he still
 endured, Walked with a steady step,
 and with a firm and even joyful counte
 nance. Surrounded by other escorts
 was seen the young and lovely Ivan
 owa, half dead with terror, supported j
 on one side by a priest, and on the
 other by a soldier, and letting her
 beautiful head fall from one shoulder
 to the other, according to the impulse
 given it by her painful progress. Even
 Peter’s heart melted at the sight. Re
 entering his appartment, he put on the
 ribbon of the order of St. Andred,
 threw a cloak over his shoulders, left
 the palace, sprang into a boat, and
 reached the opposite side of the river;
 at the same moment as the mournful j
 procession which had crossed the j
 bridge. Making his way through tho 1
 crowd, he dropped his cloak, took Iva-|
 nowa in his arms, and imprinted a kiss,
 upon her brow. A murmur arose'
 amongst the people, and suddenly cries;
 of “pardon” were heard.
 The knights of St. Andred then en
 joyed the singular privilege that a kiss
 given by them to a condemned person,;
 deprived the executioner ot his victim.!
 This privilege has endured even to
 our day, but not withoy!. some modifi
 cation.
Daniloff had recognised Peter. He
 approached the Czar, whose every
 movement he had anxiously watched,
 stripped off his coat, and rent the
 bloody shirt that covered his shoulders,
“The man who could thus suffer,”
 he said, “knows how to die. Czar,
 thy repentance comes top late! Iva
 nowa,l go to wait for thee!” And draw
 ing a concealed pionard, he stabbed
 himself twice. His death was instan
 taneous. Peter hurried back to his
 palace, and the stupified crowd slowly
 dispersed. Ivanowa died shortly after
 wards im the convent to which she
 had been permitted to retire.
B* kind to everybody. —There is
 nothing like kindness—it sweetens ev
 erything. A single look of love, a
 grasp of the hand, has gained more
 friends than both wealth and learning.
 “Charity suffereth long and is kind.”
History shows us that all great principles,
 however ardently espoused for a time, have a
 tendeney to fade into tradition; to degenerate
 into a hollow cant; to become words of little
 impoit, and to remain for declamation when
 their vital power is gone. At such a period,
 every good citizen is called to do what in him
 lies to restore their life and power.
 Channins,
SUmcrtiscmcnts.
Asylum for the Sick.
DR. HAMILTON’S .Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the j
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution j
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every tliseas ediat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to Jus care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 l&gt;een brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonis'hed at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in pat ients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head" Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 nay all the expenses front any part of the United
 States here and back hoipe again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking, the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepieseptations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what vvil. be satisfactory, and it shill be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and tpe proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it |ie mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have'spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an institution
 whose treatment is different froth' any other one the
 United States, and i 3 particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore'the
 proprietor dogs hot solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does be want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are wiiliiig
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also wiping to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 texture, capability of ancj improved
 health, that; the treatment in this “Institution Isfound
 ed On tjie natural laws'of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority oyer every other dif
 ferent system ofprapticp,
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution 5 and alsq good references as to responsibility
 orfhe proprietor to meet (lie above expanses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limfi, which has received dip highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as" being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufacture;! in Springfield, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 They warrant entire satisfaction.
REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sep!4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed oners excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled,” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8,, of WaVwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had bepn in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired tp bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor iioods,
MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, anil for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article: Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley,
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. iul —tf
Colored Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
FRIENDS ‘He slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; w-ill hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11,184#,
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successlul operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OB' THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and winch medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money I
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that tve will offer the
 following
PROPOSITION;
We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreqv\ fa}. This it is
 hoped will put, a stop tq cries of empyricism from
 those interested in Keeping patients under their own
 charge, arid will be a guarantee to those wqrq out
 by disease, who have spent -much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, aqd seeking relief, without
 finding it' (hgt here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions w ill be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only a! tips Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases why have been con
 fined for years, qrz relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented fedm walking by other diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hours of ter commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their OR j a L dif
 ficulty. To produce this &lt;Unu&gt;# instantaneous relief,
 the patient is s &gt;:bjec',si to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult cast they can find, and test our yfracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy
 N. B- ’Any sns Hiihmg to know more about our
 of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difiiculty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free 01
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P- S.—Oqr rqsm V* 1 mided. therefore we want
 none fo apply that cun be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to H alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N-Y-, post
 paid.
References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rey. G. iff. Montgomery, Rochester, N, Y,
TOIIN D, REYALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 t? and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-e
FREE PRODUCE STORE
NEW GOODS just reciypd* General reduction
 ip prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colt red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths,
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low- Canton flannels
 and colored,
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles. J
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brawn,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
This work contains aliout 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37£ cts.
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents.
 Wm- W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefn
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, Nortl.
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
TTJST PUBLISHED, a new r and valuable book
 tJ for every family in the country, and one that ma\
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title pagi
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Famih
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatmeni
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, bj
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
Also, accompanying this book, or separate,, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs,-giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on tliat point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12£ cents.
 The symptoms of eacli disease ai e carefully given
 so that one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and lules for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deeqied appropriate, for both
 mat* and female.
The book has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 ciaii and a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind evt r
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and" unhealthy climates, should
 not fail tp procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors, bill. Whether well or sick, such a Uiok
 should be in every house ns a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6] cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
QtJ- Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 Sena in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and (he books
 always reach tlf'ir destination.
 QCf“ Four families ran club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four liooks sent to one address.
 WANTED —Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from s2(l
 to s'so will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 vostpaid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-gt, Rochester, N. Y.
IMBtViB fll AlM if ;l i MKi
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY 0?
 MEDICINE
AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
Ever Discovered!
 'TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 I UNIVERSAL REMEDY 1», not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been lie fore
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested chaiacter of its won
 (lenul effects qn the animal economy is almost daily
 presented fo the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it lias been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUNAN RACE
 Ignorance of facts abA philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fuel, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such a? the follow
 ing, among many others in the ewe of which this
 On has been completely successful and in which oili
 er pretended remedies liaye completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fecttsiij, Rites of Animals, Frost Bite?,, Corns,
 Roils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strati, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked,
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles Wounds, Swellings, &amp;c.
 Also a host of diseases,
 in Horses and other
 animals,such a*
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Sl' istuls.Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, B'oundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY,
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celibated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir; I have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil ii\
 various cases of
PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, ai&gt;u would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, while swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 l) y. general treatment, ‘in such cases, it is the inosj
 efficient remedy within the circle of means now m
 use.
I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 treely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell-,
 ing, and consequent Boreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and th*
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice ta say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so w ell adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been,
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse,
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES,
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal, I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 horses now in use. D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will b«
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. Wade
 Rochester.
H E Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenmail Smith, Uti
 ca; PI) Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6 m
British Periodical Literature.
The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Westminster Rnieu
and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period*
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party clsra ter.
They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is puhliseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautilul clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 500
 For any three *l° 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackw’ood and the 3 Review’s, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
Payments to be made in all cases in advance
CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular suo
 3cription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith the British publishers
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheet*
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before nay
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages seemed to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise die price of die Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and eomniunieations should always
 be addressed, post-paid or franked, to the pubiskar
 LEONARD SCOTT Co.,
 70, Fulton Street, New York,
