FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor
VOL 111. NO. 12.
Th« NORTH STAR is published every
 Friday, at No. 35, Buffalo Street,
 {Oppositethe Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a less term than
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for oue dollar; everv subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-file cents.
BfcThe object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspedts advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt tbe standard
 of public morality', promote tlie moral and intellec
 tual improvement of the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to tbe Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 99* AH communications relating to the business
 matter* of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, fee., should be addressed to FREDERICS
 Dodqlass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 09“ Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Pott ofict,
 tlie Count y, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 OCP’ Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o ie year.
 09* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 M ASS achusetts.— R. b Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut.— Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 .New York.—Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennstlvania. J. M. M’Kun, SI, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149.
 Si. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bonn,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 '.Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson,Aiarveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada. —John Janies Carey, Toronto.
0 elections.
From The Independent.
 SHALL WE COMPROMISE?
 Mr. Clay’s Compromise has beeii vi
 olently resisted by the South, and but
 coldly looked upon in the North. It is
 not that both sides are infatuated and
 refuse a reasonable settlement. But
 the skill of Mr Clay has evidently not
 touched the seat of disease. Ho either
 has not perceived, or has not thought
 it expedient to meet the real issue now
 before the people of the United States.
 The struggle is one whose depths lie in
 the organization of society, in the North
 and South respectively; whose causes
 were planted in tiie Constitution.
 There are two incompatible and mu
 tually destructive principles wrought
 together in the government of this land.
 Hitherto, like Esau and Jacob, they
 have atriven together in the womb.
 Now they are born, and that feud has
 begun which shall drive the one or the
 other to the wilderness. To attempt
 to settle a radical opposition of polity,
 by easing oft* the rub here and there,
 leaving the great principles in full vig
 or, as if one should hang fenders and
 sand-bags along the side of hostile
 ships that come crushing together in
 stead of putting the helm about and go
 ing another tack. *‘Slavery is right,”
 and “Slavery is wrong;” “Slavery
 shall live,” “Slavery shall die;” “Sla
 very shall extend,” Slavery shall nor
 extend;” —are these conflicts to be set
 tled by any mode of parcelling out cer
 tain territories? Now the battle rages
 at one point. By and by it will rage
 at another. These oppugnant ele
 ments, Slavery and Liberty, inherent
 in our poltical system, animating our
 Constitution, checkering our public
 policy, breeding in statesmen opposite
 principles of government, and making
 oar whole wisdom of public legislation
 on many of the greatest questions
 crosseyed and contradictory, elements
 are these seeking each other’s life.
 One or the other must die.
 We give Mr. Clay sincere praise
 for desiring peace. We think it wor
 thy of his reputation, to have declared
 that he would never vote for the exten
 tion of slavery. If his compromise had
 taken that determination as its starting
 point, he would then have come near
 er to our ideas of the leader which our
 times and our difficulties demand. It
 is no sportive joust upon which our na
 tion is gazing. The shield of the chal
 lenger pangs out for no blunted lance.
 Like Ivanhoe, we should have been
 glad had Mr. Clay struck tne shield of
 I)u Bois Gilbert with the sharp lance
 head, importing earnest battle. One
 straightforward speech against the ex
 tension of slavery, based|not upon po
 litical reasons, but on the great princi
 ples of humanity and justice; one glow
 ing appeal to the whole nation to take
 the stand, which he has personally ta
 ken, nevtr to volt for the exteneion of
 Slavery on either tnde if any line; this
 would have been a noble statesmanship
 and crowned the last years of the rev
 ered sage of Ashland with the bright
 est glory of his life!
 Let no roan suppose that the conten
 tions which now agitate the land, have
 sprung from the rash procedure of a
 few men—the hot-beads either of the
 North or of the south. We are in the
 midst of a collision not of men, but of
 principles and poltical institutions.
 The inevitable course of affairs has
 been developing the results for which
 5 provision was made, first in the orga
 nization of society, and then in the
 structure of the Constitution. No har
 vest ever answered more closely to the
 husbandman’s seed, than do our diffi
 culties to the original sowing.
 The north, adopting the theory
 yf democracy, organized all her eml
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
and industrial institutions upon that ba
 sis. Every man, the lowest, the least,
 the highest and best, had one common
 platform of rights. The South, adop
 ting the theory of aristocracy, made
 two platforms—the one for the govern
 ed, the other for the governors. The
 one and the other It gan at once to ex
 hibit their results. In the North, labor
 was voluntary, honorable, aad univer
 sal; in the South it was compulsory,
 and made disreputable by being fasten
 ed upon an abject class. Of course the
 laborer had different values. In the
 North, he was a citizen, capable o(
 any honor, framing his own laws, ma
 king his oWh rules, and so an integral
 element of the State. In the South,
 ha neither voted nor determined; he
 had no rights; he was a slave. Labor
 and Laborers are the foundations of a
 community. The strength, the virtue,
 the civilization of a community must
 be measured by the condition of its la
 borers, and not by the polish on. its
 surface.
 The whole structure of society con
 formed to these respective foundations.
 The North put honor upon Us labor
 ers; they were trained in common
 schools; they became reading and re
 flecting men; shrewdness, penetration,
 forecast, personal independence, fertile
 resource, marked the industrial clas
 ses. Grow as rapidly as the educated
 and the wealthy might, the distance
 between them and the laborer constant
 ly diminished. There never was a
 time when the bottom of society was
 so near the top as now.
 The South, making labor a disgrace
 ful necessity, denying it education,
 compelling it not by those motives
 which are obtained healthfully to de
 velop the man, but by the overseer’s
 eye and lash, and educating only her
 wealthy sons, has steadily widened th?
 distance between the top and bottom
 of society. Nothing can be more dis
 similar than the tone and sentiment of
 societies so diversely*formed. Liberty
 is a universal right—it belongs to men
 on the one side; it is a privilege, and
 belongs to a class, on the other side.
 The North binds society together,
 identifies its interests, equalizes and
 kneads i:, causing it to grow alike
 throughout, and makes it strong by the
 strength of its individuals, and gives to
 individuals the advantage of common
 weal. There cannot be a common
 wealth of Slavery. It is class-wealth.
 The South hopelessly divides society;
 puts her honors on oue side of the
 cleft, her menial offices on the other.
 The North compacts and the South
 stratifies. To educate the laborer is
 to do the whole Stale a benefit, in the
 North; to educate the laborer is to
 strike at the foundations of society in
 the South. We send educators to the
 Governor’s chair and to Congress.
 They of the South send them to the
 penitentiary and the gibbet.
 Now, does any man doubt that here
 are the real, vital, distinguishing ele
 ments of two radically different gov
 ernments—an Aristocracy and a De
 mocracy? Does any one believe it
 possible that these respective tenden
 cies should be confined, fn the re
 spective fields, to civil affairs? Will
 they not determine the family institu
 tions, the usages of society, public
 opinion, yea, the whole and very na
 ture of communities? Can the agri
 culture of slaves and slavery and the
 agriculture of freemen be the same?
 Can the commercial interests be the
 same; the political economy and the
 politics? Can statesmen bred in such
 schools have common sympathies?
 That the North and South have many
 wants and many sympathies in common
 it is as trua as that all men, the most
 opposite, oppressor and oppressed,
 deceiver and dupe, have great wants
 in common. But in their foundation
 ideas, their political doctrines, their
 State policies, their conceptions of pub
 lic measures, they are not only dif
 ferent, but, for the most part, opposite
 and oppugnant. States, so essentially
 different, would find harmony rather in
 separate existence, than in federation.
 Yet our Union is composed of these op
 j positions.
 When the Constitution was in birth,
 these things were in the seed. Yet,
 even then, the repellencies were such
 that a common Constitution was adop
 ted only by compromise. Now, if the
 compromises of the Constitution in the
 matter of Slavery were adopted, in the
 expectation that Slavery would soon be
 eradicated by the superior vitality ol
 Liberty, we can understand the wisdoix
 of the intention at least But if it wai
 designed that one instrument should in*
 close the spirit of two theories of gov*
 ernment so totally adverse, it was the
 most extraordinary blindness, the mosi
 anomalous folly which honest met
 were ever smitten with! We shoult
 as soon look for an agreement by whicl
 Christ and Belial should jointly under
 take to govern this world! Was i
 thought possible to serve both Libert]
 and Slavery—God and Mammon:
 Could the same mouth breaths justice
 and injustice? Could a Constitutioi
 having any definite nature, have twi
 hearts, one beating for liberty, with vi
 i talized blood, and the other beating fo
 slavery with black blood? Could i
 organize courts empowered to esUb
 lish justice and systematic oppression
 —courts, “with one hand to lift up thi
 wronged by speedy redress, and to baa
 down the wronged with the other b;
 triple blows? We believe that thi
 compromises of the Constitution look
 •d to the destruction of Slavery no
 not its establishment.
 The event justified the judgement
 Although incidental causes conspire
to give slavery new growth, while
 our country was swelling and coming
 into manbnod, yet it soon became ap
 parent that both systems could not long
 coexist.
 There are good and easy souls,
 not perturbed by over deep meditation
 posingP?hat our institutions a*re the ag
 itators, our civil polity is the
 fanatic whose firebrands inflame the
 Union. This movement of the spirit ol
 the age has made the men, not the
 men it. We are its children. W T hile
 the North and the South inveigh against
 each other,and fanatics are loud mouth
 ed against fanatics, calmer and deeper
 men see that both North and South are
 drifting, and fighting as they drift, in a
 current whose secret springs lie deepet
 than men’s volitions; whose force God
 both ordained and will augment, until
 old things are passed away, and he
 whose right it is shall reign. Why
 then should we try to stop the contest?
 It must come to an issue, which spirit
 shall animate our Constitution. The
 spirit of Bondage and the spirit of L b
 erty, when both are living spirits, can
 not dwell together. Moses’ rod must
 swallow the enchanter’s, or the magi
 cian’s rod must swallow the prophet’s.'
 The South have found out that slavery
 cannot live and stand still. Liberty
 grows the fastest; has the best roots;
 eats out the other; and if slavery is
 stationary it will be speedily overrun
 and smothe en ’»y the rampant vine ol
 freedom. It must thrust out its roots;
 it must borrow vigor from fresh soil.
 Southern men are perfectly cons stent
 in rejecting a compromise which only
 confirms old rights, but positively
 grants no extension.
 The South now demands room and
 right for extension. She asks the
 North to be a partner. For every Free
 State she demands one State for Slave
 ry. One dark orb must be swung into
 its orbit to groan and travail in pain,
 for every new orb of liberty over which
 the morning stars shall sing for joy.
 On that question we hold there can
 be no Compromise. The Constitution
 has come to a period of final Construc
 tion. Every year’s delay will aggra
 vate difficulties: an earlier day had been
 better than this; but this is better than
 any future day. It is time for good
 men and true to gird up their loins and
 staed forth for God and tor Humanity.
 No Compromises can nelp us which
 dodge the question; certainly none
 which settle it for Slavery. We are
 told the question is momentous and be
 set with the most serious difficulties.
 Neither in the afiairs of individuals nor
 of nations is there any difficulty when
 men are willing to do right. It is
 when Right is spun to so fine a thread
 that it floats like a gossamer, chan
 ging to every breath, that we lose
 sight of it or find it entangled in our
 hands. There never was a plainer
 question for the North. It is her duty
 openly, firmly, and forever to refuse to
 Slavery another inch of territory, and
 to see to it that it never gets it by fraud.
 It is her duty to refuse her band or
 countenance to Slavery where it now
 exists- It is her duty to declare that
 she will uqder no'considerations be a
 party te any further inhumanity and in
 justice. Then the path will be plain and
 straight. The path of Duty, though a
 steep one, and often toilsome, is al
 ways straight and plain. Those are the
 labyrinthine roads, which, winding
 through sloughs and thickets, imboak
 ed and dark, seek to find a way around
 the rocks and steeps, and come to the
 gate o. Success, without climbiog the
 hill of Difficulty.
 Mr. Clay’s compromise resolutions
 demand better provision for the re
 covery of fugitive slaves; and a bill is
 now pending in the United States Sen
 ate for this purpose. We cannot
 strongly enough express our profound
 regret at the remarks which Mr. Clay
 felt it his duty to make on this subject.
 On this matter, our feelings 4tre so
 strong that we confess a liability to in
 temperance of expression.
 If the compromises of the Constitu
 tion include requisitions which vio
 late Humanity, I will not be bound by
 them. Not even the Constitution shall
 make me unjust. If my patriotic
 sires confederate in my behalf that I
 should maintain that instrument, so I
 will, to the utmost bounds of Right.
 But who, with power which even God
 denies to Himself, shall by compact
 foreordain me to the commission of in
 humanity and injustice? I disown the
 act. I repudiate the obligation. Never
 while I have breath will 1 help any of
 ficial miscreant in his base errand ol
 recapturing a fellow man for bondage.
 And may my foot palsy, and my right
 hand forget her cunning, if I ever be*
 come so untrue to mercy and to re*
 ligion as not, by all the means in my
 power, to give aid and succor to every
 man whose courageous flight tells me
 that he is worthy of liberty! If asked,
 what then becomes of the Constitution,!
 reply by asking what becomes of God’s
 Constitution of Humanity, if you give
 back a slave to the remorseless maw ol
 servitude? I put Constitution against
 Constitution—God’s against roan’s.
 Where they agree they are doubly sa
 cred. Where they differ my reply to
 1 all questioners—but especially to all
 Christian scruples, is in the language of
 Peter: Whether if be right, in the sight
 of God, to hearken unto you, more than
 unto God, judge ye!
 Ought not Christians, by all the
 I means in their power, to preserve the
 Union't Yee, by all means that are
 right! But, dear aa the Union is, and
 I ought to bo, whenever it comes bo-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH l(j, 1850.
tween a Christian people and their
 Christian integrity it becomes a snare.
 The very value of our Union is to be
 found in those principles of justice, lib
 erty aud humanity which inspire it*
 But if by any infernal joggle these
 pHftciptes must be yielded up )o pre
 serve the Union, then a 'Wrpse* only
 srffi be left in our arms, deflowered,
 lifeless, worthless. A Union perpetu
 ated by giving way to injustice a
 Union maintained by obedience to the
 desires of Slavery—is hut a compact
 of violence. We emphasize these
 things because the long-continued cries
 of politicians have produced among so
 ber Christian men an unquestioned and
 undistur6ed conviction that no evil can
 be so great ns the dissolution of our
 Union. Their are many evils infinite
 ly greater. The loss of public humanity
 is greater. The loss of national consci
 ence is greater. An indifference to the
 condition of millions of miserable crea
 tures, whose degradation, vices, igno
 rance aud animalism plead with our
 conscience in their behalf; this would
 be an unspeakably greater evil. So
 long as we can maintain the Union on
 terms which allow us to act with a free
 conscience, with humanity unviolated,
 we shall count no sacrifice dear to
 maintain it. But religion and human
 ity are a price too dear to pay even for
 the Uni
 .Our Southern brethren often com
 plain that we don’t understand their
 condition, or sympathise with their
 real difficulties. Even so, too, we
 complain that they do not understand
 our situation, and sympathise with our
 difficulties. There are hundreds and
 thousands of men, to whom conscience
 is a law—a law, notwithstanding the
 sneers of those who flout at the idea of
 a conscience party. But there is a con
 science party! There is a stern and
 growing feeling in the Free States,
 not yet expressed by any distinctive
 organization, that the time has come
 for a stand against any further national
 inhumanity. We can bear much, but
 we eannot and will not bear the guilt
 of Slavery. We regard it as epitom
 izing every offense which man can
 commit against man. It takes liberty
 from those to whom God gave it, as
 tho right of all rights. It forbids all
 food either for the understanding or
 the heart. It takes ail honesty from
 the conscience. It takes its defense
 from virtue, and gives all authority
 into the hands of lustful or pecuniary
 cupidity. It scorns the family, and in
 vades it whenever desire or the want
 of money prevails, witli the same cool
 ness with which a drover singles out a
 heifer, or a butcher strikes down a
 a bullock. These are not the accidents
 of Slavery. They are its legitimate
 fruits. They are its vitality. If you
 stop these evils, you will destroy the
 system. Let the slave be taught. Let
 him have, not a filtered and adulterated
 gospel, but that gospel which angels
 heralded, strangely filling the air with
 the cry, Peace on earth and good-will
 toicard men! and it will make the slaves
 what it made the barbarous Briton and
 the rude Saxon—freemen and refined
 Christians. Take from Slavery its
 rights of merchandise, forbid the dis
 ruption of families, the sale of slaves
 from the homestead where they were'
 born, and the system will stink in the
 nostrils of planters, as it now does in
 our own.
 Now we declare, that into a fellow
 ship with these monstrous evils, whose
 perpetration around our whole South
 ern coast is enough to pre-occupy the
 heavenly tribunal of mercy, and to ex
 haust its patience on only this form of
 ail the world-wide human suffering, we
 have been drawn unwittingly. We did
 not know, or did not think, that to
 swear fealty to the Constitution, was
 to swear preservation fo Slavery. We
 had always understood that the com
 promises of the Constitution were
 agreed upon in the North, only that
 time might be given for Slavery to die
 out. But if another construction be
 made, and becomes the settled reading
 of that instrument; if the North is to
 have the guilt, and the South the pro
 fits of Slavery; if we are henceforth
 to understand that Slavery is federal
 and national, recognised in the all-em
 bracing Constitution, then but one
 course is left us. No earthly consi
 deration shall make us partners in this
 monstrosity. We most solemnly de
 clare, by our belief in humanity, by
 our hopes in religion, by our faith in
 Christ, that we we will cut every cord
 of oppression whose force is derived
 from us. And if, in so doing, men
 choose to interpose the Constitution,
 upon their heads be the blame. Pal
 sied be that hand, and blasted those
 lips, which shall make our Constitution,
 ordained for freedom, the instrument
 of bondage and cruelty!
 We shall study to circumscribe sla
 very where it now exists. We shall
 be hostile to every measure which con
 sults its interests. We shall not cease
 to stand upon the brink of this dismal
 abyss, and over against its smoke and
 wails to pray with agonizing earnest
 ness, How long, O Lord, how long?”
 A day will come—in God’s counsels it
 is already seen advancing —when men
 will look back''upon this system as we
 now look upon the dungeons and tri
 bunals of the Inquisition. In that day
 many a man will deny his parentage,
 and forswear the ancestors who either
 forged fetters for the slave, or more
 meanly blew the bellows for those who
 wrought at the anvil of oppression.
 May my children, to the latest genera
 tion, in looking back to my example,
 take courage, and strike home for li
 berty and humanity!
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
With these views, no soothsayer is
 needed to interpret our views of the
 extension of Slavery: (t is not enough
 that we do not will it. Every man
 consents to it, who docs not exhaust
 bis strength in endeavoring to preventit.
 Ner do we misunderstand the cun
 ning- tty of those wl» ask es to tww
 the* issues or this tfutStlon fn new ter
 ritories to chance. Now-a-days, chance
 has too many wires and wire-workers
 to suit our ideas of luck. Chance is
 the merest gambler. The dice are
 loaded. The cards are marked. Only
 the victim dreams that there is fair
 play. The South is to deal; the North
 is to take what cards are flirted to its
 hand. Who doubts the issue? How
 many more games than those already
 played are needed before the dupe
 shall suspect foul play? No: by as
 much as Liberty is dearer to us than
 Slavery, by so much should we be
 more active in its behalf than its ad
 versaries are in behalf of Slavery! If
 they can toil day and night, dig deep
 trenches, bear burdens cheerfully to
 sink the rocky foundations for the
 towers of Oppression, shall we have
 no bulwarks and no towers for Liberty
 W’henever and wherever a blow is
 struck for Slavery, then and there must
 be a double stroke for Liberty!
 We will compromise any measure
 tending to prevent the extension of
 Slavery. We will compromise as to
 the particulars of its death, laying out
 and burial. But every compromise
 must include the advantage of Liberty
 and the disadvantage of Slavery.
 Compromises dictated by wily politi
 cians, made to serve a pinch in party
 tactics; compromises issuing from men
 whose ideas ot patriotism are summed
 up in giving their adversaries a grip
 and downfall, to whom spoils are vir
 tues and offices religion; or those bet
 ter-intended compromises, like Mr.
 Clay’s, which seek for peace, rather
 than for humanity; from such compro
 mises, guileless as they seem, and gild
 ed till they shine like Heaven, ever
 more may we be delivered!
 We shall abide by the Union. No
 Vandal outrage shall our hands com
 mit. We shall honor it by obedient
 lives, consecrate it by our prayers,
 purify it from the dross of injustice,
 and give to it such foundations of Right
 as shall hold it steadfast amid all the
 revolutionary concussions or our day.
 If there be those who cannot abide the
 Union, because it is pure and religious,
 just and humane, let them beware of
 that tumultuous sea into which they
 purpose to leap.
 Bifjt we do not believe that such an
 issue awaits us. The pliancy of mis
 erable scramblers for political prefer
 ment has caused these violent gusts.
 Thus, hitherto, have victories been
 gained for Slavery. Thus they are
 sought again. Firmness is the remedy
 for threats. If good men, having good
 representatives, are but firm, the storm
 will beat the stout oak, and rage like a
 demon through its twisted branches,
 but pass on and spend itself in the wil
 derness; meanwhile the returning sun
 shall find the noble tree unwrecked
 and fast-rooted.
 But if our Charter Oak is to be dis
 membered, God be thanked that its
 roots were planted in the soil of Free
 dom. There they will spread; its
 trunk and its mightiest branches will
 abide. The sun and the soil that nour
 ished its infancy yet remain to repair
 what time and storms may mutilate.
 Beneath its shadow the poor and op
 pressed shall find shelter.
From the Liberator.
 SHALL WE COMPROMISE!
 The article we have copied from the
 New York Independent, with this title,
 is said to have been written by Henry
 Ward Beecher, one of the strong
 men of the nation, lull of vital moral
 energy, with great power of expres
 sion, and distinguished for his courage
 and independence. A perusal of it
 will make the heart of the reader bound,
 and his pulse quicken its motion. It is
 a strong testimony against compromis
 ing with iniquity, and a sublime attesta
 tion to the supremacy of Justice and
 Right over all other considerations.
 We wish it might fall into the hands ol
 every citizen, and be read to every
 household. It meets the crisis in the
 true spirit of Christian heroism. How
 noble are these words!
 'lf the compromises ofthe Constitu
 tion include requisitions which violate
 Humanity, 1 will not be bound by
 them. Aof even the Constitution shall
 make me unjust. Who, with power
 which even God denies to Himself, shall
 by compact foreordain me to the com
 mission of inhumanity and injustice? I
 disown the act. I repudiate the obli
 gation. I put Constitution against
 Constitution—God’s against man’s.’
 This is the lepetition of apostolic
 speech and example, and it is precisely
 the ground occupied by those who re
 fuse any longer to be in religious and
 political fellowship with slaveholders,
 for that fellowship requires sanction
 and co-operation in perpetuating the
 sum of all villanies.'
 We are not wholly satisfied,however,
 with this article. We cannot give, as
 it does, ‘Mr. Clay sincere praise for de
 siring peace’—for he wants it at the
 expence of purity, justice and honor.
 Nor can we applaud him for the de
 claration, that l he would never vote for
 the extension of slavery,’ in view ofthe
 fact that he is an incorrigible slavehol
 der and the author of the Missouri
 Compromise, and that he trying to
 debase the moral tone of the North still
 pr«-
 iffißfflmyßfoi y nlin n T v ktU' tiLii&amp;A'iJ til if
tice nullifies his profession. Nor canj
 we laud him as the 'revered sage of
 Ashland/ for we regard him as a far
 more dangerous man to the cause of
 human liberty than even John C. Cal
 houn. Nor can we subscribe to senti
 ments like these:-
 -vre susw awmv t»y emw. «o
 vandal outrage shall otir hands commit,
 We shall honor it by obedient lives,
 consecrate it by our prayers, purity it
 from the dross of injustice, and give to
 it such foundations of- Right as shall
 hold it steadfast amid all the revolution
 ary concussions of our day. If there
 be those who cannot abide the Union
 because it is pure and religious, just
 and humane, let them beware of
 that tumultuous sea into which they pur
 pose to leap.’
 Now, one of the provisions of the
 Constitution is, the restoration of fugi
 tive slaves; and yet Mr. Beecher says,
 'May my foot palsy, and my right hand
 forget her cunning, if I ever become so
 untrue to mercy and to religion as not,
 by all means in my power, to give aid
 and succor to every man whose cour
 ageous flight tells me that he is worthy
 of liberty!’ Nobly uttered—but is
 this to ‘abide by the Union’? Is it to
 keep good faith with the Sonth It is
 not.
From the MauachuseMs Spy.
 A MESSAGE FROM THE
 GOVERNOR.
 The following -Message was trans
 mitted by Gov. Briggs to the House of
 Representatives in connection with
 resolutions of tke State of Virginia
 respecting Slavery. It breathes a firm
 and true spirit, and is worthy of com
 mendation:
 To the House of Representatives :—l
 have received from the Governor of
 the State of Virginia, and herewith
 transmit to you, the Resolutions of the
 eneral Assembly of that Common
 wealth on the *‘Wilmot Proviso and
 kindred subjects.”
 The sentiments and tone of these
 resolutions, coming from the Legisla
 ture of an ancient and honored sister
 Commonwealth, are well calculated to
 fill the mind with sadness. The pur
 pose avowed by the people of the free
 States, of arresting the further exten
 sion of slavery, has produced a high
 state of excitement among our fellow
 citizens of the slave States. They
 charge the North with being unfriend
 ly to their interest, and with making
 aggressions upou their rights. If the
 charge is well founded it is well cal
 culated to produce excitement. Though
 other things enter into the contest, the
 main point in issue is, whether slavery
 shall be extended into territories be
 longing to the United States which are
 now free. In this unfortunate section
 al question it would be well for each
 party to consider that the other has
 rights. The policy of excluding slave
 ry from the territories of the Union
 originated in Virginia, and was sup
 ported by the unanimous vote of four
 other Southern States. Now the Leg*
 islature ot Virginia more than intimates
 that the Union cannot survive the re
 assertion and continuance of this policy.
 The South claim the right of going
 into any of the public territories with
 Lhetr property, and say that the exclu
 sion of slavery will exclude the people
 of the slaveholding States from those
 territories. Suppose this to be true—
 it is equally true that with the opinions
 which the people of the free States en
 tertain, Upon the moral and social
 character of this institution of slavery,
 and the incompatibility of free and
 slave labor existing together, they are
 as effectually excluded from the terri
 tories and States where this institutison
 exists. It is a generally conceded his
 torical fact, that at the time of the
 adoption of the Constitution, when
 there were six slave and seven free
 States, the further extension of slave
 ry was not expected hy the people in
 any section of the country. The ninth
 Section of the first Article of the Con
 stitution of the United States provides
 that—“ The immigration or importation
 of such persons as any of the States
 now existing shall think proper to ad
 mit, shall not be prohibited by Con
 gress prior to the year 1806.” Whilst
 by this article Congress had no right
 to prohibit the introduction of slaves
 from abroad into any 6f the States
 then existing, prior to ISDB, it had the
 power to do so as to new States which
 might be admitted after the adoption of
 the Constitution.
 By the ordinance of 1787—two years
 before the adoption of the Constitu
 tion —the Congress of the confedera
 tion had provided for the formation of
 not less than three, nor more than five
 new Stntes, in the territory north-west
 of the Ohio, from the whole of which
 they bad by that ordinance excluded
 slavery.
 Since the adoption of the Constitu
 tion, nine new slave states have been
 admitted into this Union, and five of
 them formed out of territory which has
 been acquired subsequent to that
 event. Mr. Jefferson and other lead
 ing statesmen, believed and declared
 that there was no constitutional power
 in the government to acquire foreign
 territory. Jh
 Texas and the territory ceded by
 Mexico, have been added to the United
 States,against the most earnest remon
 strances of a great majority of the
 people of the free States, accompanied
 by the declaration, that if acquired the
 North would never consent to the ex
 tension of slavery over any part ol
 such territory. With aid received
 from the North to accomplish their ob
 ject, the South, by Congressional Ra-
JOHN DICI, Print,.
WHOLE NO. lie;
volutions and by conquest, succeeded
 in gaining Texas and a targe extent of
 territory from distracted and bleeding
 Mexico.
 With all these facts before the
 world, the slaveholding States, —with
 language as harsh as the charge is un
 jow,—-now nccuik me ifurtn Jt me de
 liberate purpose of violating their
 rights. With ten Senators in the Con
 gress of the United States, represent
 ing live States carved out of newly ac
 quired territory, they insist upon the
 privilege of extending the institution
 over other territory which is now free,
 and failing to do this, they threaten to
 secede from the Union. The opinion
 as to the constitutionality and proprie
 ty of arresting the further extension of
 slavery, is as nearly unanimous among
 the people of the free States, as that
 upon any other important propoaitipn
 which can be named. They believe
 slavery to be morally wrong, and that
 such a restriction would be no invasion
 oi the rights of any individual, or
 State, but that it is necessary to arrest
 an aggressien upon the rights of the
 people of the free States which has
 been in progress for half a century.
 The position which Massachusetts has
 assumed,upon this subject, she believes
 to be impregnable, and that carrying it
 out would do no wrong to any Other
 State. Let her then, while she will
 obey the Constitution of the United
 States and observe all its guaranties
 in her attitude of opposition to the
 further extension of slavery, be reso.
 lute and immoveable.
 Masssachusetts and Virginia were
 co-workers together in that revolution
 which made the Thirteen United Colo
 nies free and independent States. They
 went hand in hand in framing and
 adopting the Constitution which ce
 mented that glorious Union. The dif
 ference of opinion which now divides
 them upon the agitating subject of the
 day is deeply to be deplored. I trust
 that no possible state ofthipgs will lead
 the people of the government of Mas
 achusetts to forget the respect and
 courtesy which is due to that of any
 other sister Commonwealth, or to use
 towards them language of reproach or
 denunciation.
 One of the resolutions of her Legit
 tore herewith communicated, declares
 that “no State has done so much to
 form the Union” aa she has done.
 Heaven grant that the future historian
 may not be compelled to write that
 Virginia too by her acts or her influ
 ence, did more to dash that Union to
 atoms than any other State. Mournful
 indeed would be the catastophe of dis
 solution; bat doubly mournful would
 it be for the same historian to have to
 add, that the reason why this ancient
 Commonwealth —the mother of Presi
 dents—lent her aid to break up the
 Union with her sister States, among
 whom were the companions
 struggles and her triumphs in the
 cause of freedom, was because those
 companions would not consent to ex
 tend the area of slavery—an institu
 tion, the existence of which made her
 own Jefferson say that “he trembled
 for his country when he remembered
 that God was just,”
 GEORGE. N. BRIGGS
 Diamond Dust. —The friendships of
 the world are often confederacies in
 vice or leagues of pleasure. Life is
 the hyphen between matter and spirit.
 A breaking wave is the only thing in
 nature which is most beautiful in the
 moment of its dissolution. The fetters
 of rhyme are no more than a bracelet
 to the true poet. As well pass a kalei
 doscope from hand to hand, and expect
 no trembling touch will alter its aspect,
 as to think to hear a story from mouth
 to mouth literally and accurately re
 peated. When hearta are filled with
 holy affections, and home is happy,
 then do the young dwell ia a charmed
 circle, which only the naturally de
 praved would seek to quit* and across
 which boundary temptations to error
 shine out but feebly. Eliza Cook's
 Journal.
 A London Foo. —A London fog can
 not be described. To be appreciated
 it must be seen, or rather felt; for it is
 altogether impossible to be slear and
 lucid on such a subject. It is the only
 thing which gives you an idea of wbat
 Milton meant when he talked of dark
 ness visible. is a kind of light,
 to be aura, but it bnly serves as a me
 dium for a series of optical illusions;
 and for all useful purposes of vision,
 the deepest darkness that ever fell from
 the heavens is infinitely preferable.
 A man perceives a coach a dozen
 yards off, and a single stride brings
 him among the horses’ feet, —he sees
 a gas-light faintly glimmering (as be
 thinks) at a distance, but scarcely has
 he advanced a step or two towards it,
 when he becomes convinced of its ac-
 tual station by finding his head rattling
 against the post; andas for attempting
 if you get once mystified, to distinguish
 one street from another, it is ridiculous
 to think of such a thing.
 The Disunion Convention.—lt be
 gins to be very probable that (he Dis
 union Convention to be held at Nash
 ville, will not have many delegates ac-
 credited by the Legislatures of States.
 The delegates from Alabama have no
 official legislative authority, for there
 was no act pasted to appoint them* The
 Legislatures of Tennessee end Ken
 tucky have set their faces against the
 treasonable movement, and Louisiana
 i has not only receded from the position
 rashly taken, but has .declared herself
 opposed to all revolutionary novt*
 meatfly' h i*
 tttii
