Mr. Carlyle end the W. I. Negro
 Question.
 Mr. Carlyle is a wonderful man; Mr. Car
 lyle is a queer man; Mr. Carlyle is a genius
 Few men of the present age hare influenced
 more minds, of a certain class, than has he.
 But with all his strength,—and he is a strong
 man, also, —he is weak; and, unlike Paul,
 wLen he is strongest, he is wont to be most
 weak. His boldest and most powerful com
 positions are those weie the Christian mind
 may discover most of Bophistry.
 He raises himself in mid-air, by balloon
 agency, and looks down upon ns mortals from
 Si giddy .height, and when he sees oih
 in earnest —at work—it matters little upon
 what, or for what end, so that it be not abso
 lutely infernal in sight of gods and men, he
 dubs him a Hero. In a word, Mr. C. looks
 at men and things from his own, and not from
 a Christian point of sight; and this is emi
 nently the case in his article on the Negro
 Question, in the last number of Fraser’i
 Magazine.
 No one will dissent from the position which
 not wily now, but ever—to his credit be i'
 said—Mr. C. has maintained, namely,that la
 bor is the duty of every man that by laboi
 is man to be more blessed upon earth. But
 for whom shall man labor 1 To what end
 The Scripture injunction is, to love thy neigh
 bor as thyself; ana 1 think Mr. C. woutn
 find it difficult to show, by sqy theory ot
 ethics, however sublimated, that man i
 bound to labor for the sole purpose of main
 taining others in idleness; or, knowing this,
 yet not instructed in the true relation mai
 should bear to his fellow, he can be helc
 accountable for refusing to work, beyon&lt;
 what will supply his wants, though thes.
 wants may not extend farther than most ‘de
 testable pumpkin.’ He may point to Hayt
 forever, as an argument in favor of his the
 •ry, that the black is unfitted for self-gov
 •rnmant: i. e., when placed under like favor
 able eireumstancea with the white for educa
 tion and development. We would ask hin
 to remember that even Heyti produced, t
 Hfn*i and Tooasaint L’Ouverture— whicl
 last, wise, self-governing white men mus
 basely murdered; that we have a quondan
 slave (or Quashee, if he will,) —to name n»
 more—one Frederick Douglass, amongst us
 the like of whom may rise up in Jamaica anc
 Antigua, to govern Englishmen; at least, t&lt;
 cause the soil to produce, for their own good
 cane that shall not rot; ‘celestial apices,’ too
 which—and the English are able—they mat
 purchase of Quashee, he, meanwhile, scorn
 ing and repudiating ‘most beneficent whip.
 In our estimation, Mr. Carlyle—as wt
 said at the outset —has taken a false view o
 the whole matter. His argument amounts t&lt;
 this: Might makes right; it is the right of the
 sit pug to govern the week. The Saxon
 British is stronger and wiser than the black
 of the West Indies, and in consequence, maj
 compel, by force of aims, his black neigliboi
 to do hie bidding: and this is the Eternal Pur
 pose and Supreme Will’!
 The question, however, has been stated
 fairly enough; but, alas (or the a go—the agt
 of progress— if by such means as Mr. Crrlyli
 indicates, it ia to be answered. What art
 the true relations between negro and white
 their mutual duties under the sight of the Ma
 ker oj than both*
 I donot intend to attempt, in this article, a
 solution oftbia great piobiem; though, to one
 extent, et least, I deem it not incapable o!
 solution, it ia not to be despatched in a
 word, even so far as relates to the present
 juncture; or a brief sentence, though that
 sentence be uttered by Thomas Carlyle.
 Undoubtedly, it would be for the present ben
 efit of Britain, but ‘fair’ we deny it to be, to
 compel 4 Quashee to work for the f mere] priv
 ilege to grow pumpkins.
 The white man cannot work; but if he can
 not work, is it not a question worth resolving
 m one's mind, whether he has a right to
 eat, within the tropics? is there not some
 shadow of a reason for belief, that the ‘Su
 preme Will’ eternally purposed that the
 tropics should be the separate abiding place
 of the black man?
 May it not be worthy our consideration,
 sad the consideration of the Anglo-British,
 wbat is our duty, under God—what is ‘fair
 and just’ towards the b.ack man? How far
 is it our duty, as the wiser and the stronger,
 to instruct and elevate the weaker race, and
 place them in a condition sufficiently analo
 gous to our own, so that it shall be ‘possible
 for white men to live beside black men,’ on
 t-rwn that shall meet the approval of God and
 mu!
 The problem is not ‘how white men shall
 command black men;’ there is not and cannot
 ba aoy just manner’ in such a state as this
 question indicates; nor is it ‘how West India
 fruitfulness can be produced,’ for the purpose
 of maintaining the pampered laziness of West
 India planters. West India should, indeed,
 be made fruitful. The world needs her su
 gar, hei coffee, aud ‘celestial apices,’ and in
 yod’a own time they shall be produced, doubt
 it not; ano it may be, aa suggested by Mr.
 Carlyle, through Brother Jonathan.
 We have not yet brought out all our Doug*
 lasses; and if Jamaica can produce none
 from her black population, we can spare them
 quite a number for schoolmasters, attorneys,
 physicians, judges* a President, and makers
 Constitutions. Our peculiar domestic in
 stitution ia fast leading towards dissolution;
 and it may be, doubtless will be found, that
 there is many a sable son of America who
 bee imbibed, or inherited by direct patents
 desoent, something of the spirit of liberty, if
 not of ehivairy which they may turn to good
 Meount. It may be from such ‘gods’ that
 Britain may hear the voice, ‘bidding you ig
 nominioualy depart! ye quack-ridden, incom
 petent.
 If the English planter cannot get his cane
 cut end hia sugar manufactured, let him for
 bear the ‘attempt to overrun the present pop
 ulation by African importation—the folly of
 which Mr. C. has set forth with equal power
 sad clearness and in the spirit of justice and
 wh*t is fair,’ let him make it an object for
 De ro lo by the inducements, as
 ■under the same circumstances, he would hold
 •ot to his whi e brethren, and year by year
 by your release, for fair consideration, what
 every day bocoming leas and leas valuable
 to him, and which in the end—so God or
 dains—he will be obliged to rriease wiihou
 cooaideration; more especially if by most ben
 encent whip there shall be an attempt to
 forte his pumpkin-loving brother to labor.
 ’Slaves again’ assuredly they will not be;
 and let English arms essay to make them so
 and Jamaica ground will again be manured
 with the bones and blood of many thousand
 British men,’ with their Cromwells, Scd
 wicks, Foiteacues, Braynes and Blakea.
 She should indeed find, to her cost, that he
 that will not work[in W. I.] shall perish from
 fW. I.]—and the patience of the gods hat
 Barits. A simple affair it may be, indeed,
 but aa frightful, believe it, as simple. ‘Cant,
 whether ’roee-pink' or ol whatever color, will
 then find its place: no matter if it proceed
 frem terrestrial parliament or Mr. Carlyle, it
 will* ‘down to Onus; and* conditions of grow
 ing pumpkins be definitly settled—perhaps in
 tether a terrible manner.’— Liberator.
 Fllgiuia Chivalry—Doughfaces Rebuked
 by a Whig.
 Washington, Feb. 96, 1850.
 filil Jstk ,oc *AT:—Since the speech of
 Thaddeus Steven**'. of Pennsylvania, and Bis
 ■•U, of Illinois, the CiV.’ T *lry pf Virginia hare
 net manifested so much lnro'ulence end bius-
 Ul anticipated. We have had hut
 e l *P e e l Bora that quarter during (he past
 week that of Mtllaoa—and be brokv* down
 without even showing hia teeth.—These ra*n*
 sent fellows seem aa tame now as donkeys.
 They cannot well recover from the excoriating
 attack upon their chivalry of to longstanding,
 made by Stevena and Biseell.
 In connection with Clinguvan and others,
 they bad made threat! of occupying this dis
 trict of territory themselves in oase of dissolu
 tion, and of driving Northern Representatives
 M*. Biseell told them that he did not dtubt
heir courage; he had heard much of their Ho
 le chivalry. In 1814, a British fleet came
 leisurely up the Potomac, anchored off the
 city and landed troops, who prowled about
 here some ten days, set the Capitol «o fire,
 and left its smouldering rums as a monument
 to the braveryof the panie-striekeo inhabitants.
 No doubt, said Mr. 8., yon are full as brave
 now as you were then; your eternal clamor
 about Soui hern chivalry would indicate that
 you were.
 In noticing the doughfaces, Mr. Stevena
 said—“ But we are told that it is none of our
 businees—that Southern slavery is a matter
 between slaveholders andtheir own conciencee.
 I trust, sir, it may be ao decided by impartial
 history, and the unerring Judge, that we may
 not be branded with that great stigma, and
 that grievous burden may not weigh upon our
 souls. But could we hope for that justifica
 tion, if now, when we have the power to pre
 vent it, we should permit this evil to spread
 over thousands of square leagues now free,and
 settle upon unborn millions? Sir, for myself,
 I should look upon any Northern man enlight
 ened by a Northern education, w ho would.di
 rectly or indirectly, by omission or commis
 sion, bv baaely voting or cowardly skulking,
 [turning full upon Mr. Winthrop] peimit it to
 spread over one rood of God’s free earth, as a
 traitor to Liberty and recreant to hia God.”
 Mr.fi. uli tk« tW tk«w
 threats hid been effectual in procuring“doagh*
 faces sufficient to be their tools to do their
 work.” He had hoped that the race of dough
 faces had uearly become extinct. They were
 an unmanly, an unvirile race, incapable, ac
 cording to the laws of nature, of reproduction.
 Winthrop felt this merited rebuke keenly,
 and he poured out the full vials ot his wrath
 upon Freeaoilera on Tuesday. He was too
 cowardly, howevet, to answer Mr. S., but
 submitted to his castigation as quietly as Ba
 laam’s ass did to the cudgeling.
 Yours, CATO.
 Cleveland True Democrat.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 15, 1850.
 The North Star if sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in tl&gt;e hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 OCJ-Wahted —Several Travelling Aoests,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 Notice,
 An Ami-Slayery Convention composed of
 all persona, and parties, favoring the Anti-
 Slavery cause, will be holden in West Bloom
 field, on Tuesday and Wednesday, March
 19th and 20th.
 F. Douglass. S, D. Porter. Eaq.G. W.
 Clark, of Rochester, M. W. Gibbs, and C.
 L. Remond, are expected to be present.
 Let the present crisis in the affairs of our
 country, produced by Slavery, bring thou
 sands together, whoso expression shall be
 heard and regarded throughout the Slaver hold
 ing dominion. Homes and hearts will be
 open to all who attend from a distance.
 North Star Fair ia Neyv ¥orjt.
 New York, Feb. 23, 1850.
 Dear Sir: The ladies of New York, anx
 ious for the Emancipation of their oppressed
 race, and being well assured that an organ
 through which to make known their grie
 vances and plead for ifceir redress ia necessa
 ry; feeling convinced that the “Nor«b Star”
 from the very able manner ip which it is con
 ducted, and its wide circulation, it one of the
 most efficient instrumentalities for the accom
 plishment of that end, purpose emulating the
 noble example of their sisters in Philadelphia,
 by holding a Fair for the benefit of said pa
 per, during the anniversary week in May nest,
 and have formed an Association for the fur
 therance of that object.
 You would confer a favor on the ladies by
 making known their intention through the
 columns of your valuable paper, by soliciting
 for them the aid of all who srs friendly to
 their object, and by receiving for, and for
 warding to them all contributions which may
 be obtained from your section of country.
 Very respectfully yours,
 FANNY TOMPKINS, Secy
 We have received, from the Executive
 Committee of the Western New York Anti-
 Slavery Society, the sum of Eighty Dollar*;
 Fifty Dollars being donation, and Jhirty
 Dollars in payment for copies of the North
 Star, to be gratuitously distributed by that
 Society. The above sum is a part of the
 proceeds of the Fnir held in this city, on the
 23d of January last. With this acknow
 ledgment we beg to return to tbe Committee
 our sincere thanks.—r. o.
 Rochester, March 7th, 1850.
 Frederick Douglass Six, —A meeting
 of the Committee of Arrangements of the
 Liberty Fest.val, was held this'morning, for
 the purpose of making a distribution of tbe
 nett ptoceeds of said Festival, held for the
 cause of Liberty. It waa unanimously re
 solved, that the Committee give to F. Doug
 for the benefit of tbe Nosth
 Star and to Messrs. Remond and Gibbe
 Id, f° r their very efficient labors in ad
 vocating the cause of the bleeding slave.
 R. Francis J. P Morris,
 Cspt. Thirll, J. Jackson,
 H. Scott, T. Butler,
 R- Jackson,
 Committee of Arrangements.
 W e gratefully acknowledge tbe generous
 donation so promptly tendered by our friends
 the Committee of Arrangemente. The
 Festival was, in many respects, an interest
 ing occasion. A large number were present
 from Rochester and tbe adjacent places; the
 music, under the management of Messrs.
 Jackson and Holmes, was admirable; the
 supper was well served the eprab of Mr.
 Remond was one of tbe moat eloquent tbai
 we ever heard him make, and it produced i
 moat favorable impression on the whole at
 serablj. We receive the donation above
 mentioned as sn evidence of the giowinf
 iaUT. r **4 taken by our colored fotfow-ertisens
 in the Nort? and in the cause k
 which it is earnestly kitbfiiHjr ducted
 D.
 The Isadiog article, on the first page ol
 l ia week’s paper, under the caption, Shall
 we compromise, shoofo.be road by every sob
 sertber, and eireul«ed, Ik, and wide. It j.
 one ofthe best attic* which ha. appeared
 during tbe controversy, on the question at
 Slavery extension.— r. a.
Weekly Review ot Coefre w.
 Greet speeken, rather then greet •|«eeebte,
 here signalised the proceedings of
 during the pest week. John C. Calhoun, tot
 Sooth Caroline, and Daniel Webeter, of
 Massachusetts, the former representing truly
 the slavebolding spirit of his State, end the
 letter aa truly misrepresenting the anti-slavery
 sentiment of Massachusetts, have presented
 to the Senate and the country their views ©o
 the all-engrossing subject of slavery; and
 neither of them, in our judgment, bea addefc
 anything tending towards its final adjustment.
 4 Of the two speeches, that of Mr. Calhoun,
 though exceedingly defective, is the more
 creditable and praiseworthy. It is plain,
 straightforward and consistent, and it shows
 that the object aimed at, infernal though it
 be, is devoutly wiahed for by its author. But,
 while it possesses these qualities, the speech
 will, doubtless, dissppoiut and mortify many
 of Mr. Calhoun’s friends at the South, by
 the hopelessness of its spirit, the tameness
 of its tone, and the ataleoess of the material
 of which it is composed. On listening to its
 deft very, his ultra Southern ftienda must
 have felt,'ad Webster once said, under a
 •light disappointment, "This is not the en
 tertainment to which we were invited.”
 Something brilliant and powerful was ex
 pected and something dim and weak was
 given.
 The master-spirit of the South, the great
 champion of human bondage, upon whom, ai
 the present crisis, all eyes are turned, and in
 whose movements the whole nation is pro
 foundly interested, speaks, anj the magic
 charm is broken The mighty man of ala
 very ia found to be mightier iu his ailencc
 than in his eloquence. While he could
 thro id himself in mystery, he seemed i
 giant; but—his voice heard, his views ex
 pressed, his measures proposed—and he ai
 once shrinks into a pale, feeble and deathly
 skeleton So lifeless and powerless has thii
 lion become, that even hangman Foote, the
 common buffoon of the Senate, dares t&lt;
 withstand him to the face. We repeat, anc
 tepeat gratefully, the tyrant power of Cal
 houn in this nation, is broken; the great ob
 ject of his life has been attacked by an over
 whelming force and be has no arm to defeat
 it. Amen! even,so let it be with all thede
 fenders of slavery and oppression
 We can do no mote in our present number
 than give a synopsis of the most striking
 features of this long lopked-for, much-dread
 ed, but really harmless speech of Mr. Cal
 houn.
 His exordium shows that the speaker had
 from the first, a clear insight Into the natur
 of the yvjiole anti-rlavery movement at th&lt;
 North and that he clearly foresaw whs
 would be its effect upoo the public mind, if i
 were allowed to proceed. It was plain (i
 him, that a thoroughly anti-slavery consci
 ence, a deep conviction of the sin of slavery
 pould not long rest under the restraints, no
 long abide b? what are called the compre
 mises of the Constitution, it was easy fo
 such a mind aa hia to see the ultimate cooeiu
 phrn, from the premise thea" Siam* is
 sin that that granted, all things by whici
 it is upheld, must fall or flourish with it; tua
 war cannot be made upon slavery, withot:
 also attacking the arrangements that uphoh
 it; that the demand urged by William
 Garrison, for a dissolution of the Union, i
 simply the legitimate inference from tb&lt;
 principle that slaveholding is sin.”
 In describing the dicease of, oj the eaua
 of weakness to the Union, Mr. C&gt;|houn i
 far more successful than in prescribing a re
 medy for iu removal. The South is diaeon
 tented, alarmed and excited. Religious tie
 between the North and the South, have beei
 broken. Powerful and influential denofnma
 tions, which once formed a strong bond o
 union between the two sections, have beei
 riven by the explosive force of anti-slaver
 discussion. Political ties have yielded to thi
 same power. The North has rapidly in
 creased in population and in political strength
 The equilibrium between the North and thi
 South, which existed at the commencemen
 of the government, has been seriously dia
 turbed, and is still further threatened, by thi
 restless progress of freedom; and genera
 apprehension and alienation prevail. This ii
 a brief description of the disease of the bod]
 politic, and which, according to Mr. Calhoun
 endangers the atability of the Union.
 Now, tp remedy these evils, to allay dia
 content, to remove unfriendly feeling, t&lt;
 dispel fears, aod to produce harmony am
 union, Mr. Calhcun proposes an amendmen
 of. the Constitution! Moat lame and impo
 tent conclusion He must amend, or ralhei
 deform the constitution of hupun nature; hi
 must make wrong equal to right— cruelty
 equal to kindness—and injustice equal t&lt;
 justice, in loveliness and good report amonj
 men, before he can Itope to establish a per
 roanent equilibrium between Slavery anc
 Liberty. It ia idle for statesmen to legislate
 against the anti-slavery sentiment. God hat
 legislated in its favor; and, in the languagr
 of Brougham, while men loathe rapine am
 hate fraud, they shall reject with indignatior
 the wild and guilty fantasy that man may
 hold property in mw.” No Mr. Calhoun
 melancholy aa the truth may be to the deaien
 in human flesh, no constitutional change, nt
 legislative enactment, no human oontract noi
 agreement, can save the accursed ayvtem o
 human bondage from the decay and death h
 which God and Nature have doomed it
 Within or without the Union, Slavesv musi
 fall; the long-crushed negro wfitf rite,
 Ethiopia must stretch ont her hands unu
 God and not all the enactments of burner
 codes can prevent this Heaven-ordained con
 summation.
 Abolitionists can desire no stronger evi
 dence of the efficiency of their measures foi
 the accomplishment of their object, than ii
 given them in the speech of the great South
 Carolinian. Hia testimony ia full, dear and
 unequivocal. He has traced the movement
 through iu various stages of progress; from
 the time when it was spoken of with con
 tempt, to the present period, when it compels
 respect. We regret to eey, that be has over
 estimated the number of those at the North,
 who aye yoally boetile to slavery, and who
 actively seeking abolition. The gen
 aiM frinnA. W»Pfrpiifdy
 hm a bnyever,
 few and poor in pane.
 under God,“the little leaven that ah an
 the whole lump.”
 And now to Mr. Webefa. We have read
 hia speech through— a heavy task, truly:
 »od we breathe more freely, since we have
ceapklri ft. Sydney Smith on** nid, that
 whatever question might ihr«, as to the
 uMfuioess of middle mee, U&gt; Ue letting oat
 of estates, no one coaid doubt their utility in
 standing between Jeremy and the
 public.” We think the same tree, as re
 garda the long speeches of Webster and
 Cass. They both need the services of a
 faithful friend, to abridge and compress their
 tedious productions, tbs' the public may not
 be deterred from bestowing upou .them the
 which they really merit.
 *Mr. Webeter is eloquent; Mr. Webster is
 grand Mr. Webster is patriotic; but neither
 bis eloquence, bis grandeur nor his patriot
 ism, can save this speech of liia from the
 overwhelming condemnation of all liberal
 and high-minded men. It was not the
 speech for the oecasioo. An opportunity
 was presented for the display of the orator’s
 great powars, in a manner which would hare
 done essential service to the cause of human
 freedom, and have carried hit name down
 with blessings to posterity. But he has oc
 cupied his time to no good purpose. Hh
 sketch of the rapid settlement of
 and of the manner in which that territory'
 and -New Mexico, were acquired by tfrls
 Government, are familiar to all; end being,
 like his hiatory of Slavery in all countiies
 and ages, destitute of moral feeling, and not
 even having the merit of an apparent end or
 aim, need not be repeated in our columns.
 His remarks, too, on the aeparation of the
 Methodist Episcopal church, which divided
 on the question of slavery, show that a man,
 how largely soever endowed with intellect,
 mav yet be wholly devoid of that higher
 quality, moral integrity.
 Upon this subject, Mr. Webster presents
 us with a specimen of his skill, in the art ol
 substituting darkness fot light, and bitter for
 sweet, and of the manner in which he can
 confound ignorant bigotry with uncorapromis
 and intelligent fidelity to principle.
 The following was, doubtless, intended as
 a thrust at those Abolitionists from whom he
 has received no small share of honest rebuke,
 for hia inconsistent and temporising coarse on
 the subject of slavery:
 “They deal with morals as with mathema-
 I tics, and they think what,is right, may be
 distinguished from what la wrong, with the
 precision of an algebraic equation. They
 have, therefore none too much charity toward
 others who differ with them. They are apt,
 r too, to think that nothing is good but what is
 perfect, and that there are no compromises
 or modifications to be made in submission to
 difference of opinion, or in deference 10 other
 men’s judgment. If their perspicacious via
 ion enables them to delect a spot on the face
 of the sun, they think that a good reason
 why the sun should be struck down from
 5 Ifeaven. They prefer the chance of running
 t into utter darkness to living in heavenly light,
 t if that heavenly light be not absolutly wiih
 out any imperfection. There are impatient
 mens-too impatient always to give heed to
 the admonition of St. Paul, “that we are not
 to do evil that good may come”—too impa
 r tient to wait for the slow progress of moral
 causes in the improvement of mankind.
 r i# il lhal raen a y not ascertain with
 certainty, as to what is right, and what is
 k The only reason is, that they allow
 their own fancied interest to warp their judg
 meois. There is no real difficulty in arriving
 at right conclusions, in a case so plain as that
 I of slavery for with respect to this giant sin,
 I if a man’s eye be single, his whole body
 may be full of light.”
 s Mr. Webster refers to the state of feeling
 which pervaded this country, before, and at
 s the adoption of tho United States Constitu
 tion; but how 1 £’or what purpose! No(
 with a view to inspire the present generation
 with a similar feeling. Not to kindle in the
 i bosoms of the sons, a desire to carry into
 practice the views and sentiments of their
 ancestors, by destroying what they pronounced
 f an eyil, but, sad to fay, for the low purpose
 of excusing aqd palliating the freedom with
 whieh the system of slavery is now denoun
 ced in the southern section of the Union.
 Instead of summoning the spirits of the de
 parted, to aid in the defence of Liberty, he
 invokes them merely to propitiate the dark
 i embodiment of Slavery.
 Mr. W ebster reviews the annexation of
 Texas to the Union, and the motives which
 I prompted its annexation and, in order to be
 i faithful to the history of that transaction, lie
 was compelled to charge Mr. Calhoun, aa
 one of the prominent actors in it, with seek
 ing, in the consummation of that measure, to
 strengthen the slave interests of the country.
 The New England orator here complimented
 the champion of slavery for hia boldness and
 manliness. This was a blunder which a man
 of Mr. Webster's wit and sagacity might
 have been expected to avoid; since it was
 i well calculated to provoke comparisons, and
 perhaps even to call forfo rebuke, that he
 honored in qnother the virtue of which he
 himself is moat destitute. Calhoun is open
 and candid, as we have elsewhere said. He
 is a statesman of whose position no doubt
 need b« entertained. He uses language to
 i declare, and not to conceal his sentiments
 ami designs. fn thif the dark orator of the
 North might well learn of Calhoun. But we
 are digressing.
 On the question of the exclusion of slavery
 from the territories acquired from Mexico
 i Mr. Webster stands, practically, upon the
 1 ground of Geoetal Casa, General Taylor and
 the Cabinet. The difference between them,
 r (if any exist) is merely theoretical. The
 i former would excuse his unfaithfulness to
 Liberty, and his treachery to the North, by
 demonstrating the unfitness of those coun
 tries for elavery, and by solemn assurances
 against foe possibility of its introduction into
 those territories; and the latter would plead
 foe same assumption aa an apology to slave
 holders and the South, for refusing a positive
 enactment for its introduction. There teems
 to have been a general understanding among
 foe old politicians, on this subject—a regular
 combination to defeat the rising spirit of
 freedom. Nothing is heard now in the Sen
 ate, of foe Wilraot Proviso. Messrs. Web
 ster, Clay, Casa, Bentou, Berrien, and other
 leading men, have united in denouncing it,
 aa anaeoeaesry, irritating and injurious,
 Webster has the honor, thus far, of giving
 the last slab to this youthful agent of liberty.
 He etaimed 4 once as hia child, and charged
 Mr. Wihaot with stealing bis thundar.” If
 be hu not murdered hia own child, it baa
 been from qo want of disposition so to do.
 He ridicules foe proyigp, gad deyides ad
 b. a amtm far pm HNW* to
 locates,... -ttntffiffff fto® fop
 irritate and to provoke *«*Han
 North, than tho speeches of Cast,
 ■ad Cky. I,
From the subject of the Wilmot Proviso,
 the speaker passes to the alleged grievances of
 the two sections of the Union. These, bow
 erer, an mainly set down to the account of
 the North and the chief of them be attri
 butes to the bad faith of the free States, ia
 their action on the subject of returning fu
 gitire slaves to bondage. He has the har
 dihood and cold-blooded rillaony to openly
 advocate the return of slaves to bondage, as
 a duty which the Free States are solemnly
 and religiously bound to discharge. His
 views on this subject, concur with those of
 Clay, Meade, and the moat obdurate slave
 catcher and man-trapper of the South. He
 does not even intimate the necessity of
 guarding the rights of the free colored citi
 aena of his own State; but he avows his
 intention to vote for the bill of Mr. Meade,
 with all its horrid peculiarities. Like Clay,
 he goes beyond the decision of the Supreme
 Ceurt, in the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania,
 and would take the work of slave-hunting
 and siave-eapturing from the general Govern
 ment, and bind it upou the shoulders of the
 Free States. He next considers the griev
 *CeM***Sulh t ,at l ieBe are Abolition
 SocmUMat the North. He thinks that they
 have not produced anything good or valu
 able; that they have put back the cause;
 that they have spent money enough to pur
 chase all the slaves in Maryland that they
 have bound the slaves more firmly, Sic. Sic.
 Having denounced the Abolition Societies,
 and apologised for the violence of the North
 ern Press, be eulogises the Union and ridi
 cules the idea of its peaceful dissolution.
 He then avows himself a colonizationist, and
 closes his lengthy speech with the following
 appropriate, significant and humiliating ap
 plication o his Southern masters, ior the of
 fice of President:
 And now,Mr.President,l draw these obser
 vations to a close. 1 have spoken freely, and
 I meant to do so. I have sought to make no
 diaplty; I have sougot to enliven the occasion
 by no animated discussion; I have aougni only
 to speak my sentiments fully and at large,
 being desirous once, and for all, to let the
 Senate know, and to let the country know,
 the opinions nnd sentiments which I entertain
 on all these subjects. These opinions are not
 likely to be suddenly changed. If there be
 any future service that I can render to the
 country, consistently with these sentiments
 and opinions, I shall cheetfully render it. If
 there be not, J shall still he glad to have any
 oppoitunity to disburden my conscience from
 the bottom of my h«»K* and to make
 known every political sentiment that therein
 exists.
 Well done, Daniel! you’ve done the wotk,
 and it’s proper to ask for the pay. You
 have betrayed innocent blood why
 yhould you be denied the thirty pieces of
 silver”?—r. n.
 No Union with Slaveholders,
 One good, at least, will be accomplished by
 the present discussion in Coogtess and else
 where, on the subject of Slavery—they will
 disclose, to the entire nation, and the world,
 the teal relation of this government, and peo*
 pie to the siave system. Mr. Toombs, of
 Georgia, has stated the case with exceeding
 clearness and force, in a speech, delivered
 by him,in Congress, on.the 27th of Febuary.
 We give it below— let every man who
 would fjee bis soul from the blood guiltiness
 of Slavery, read and ponder this statement.
 Let those who scoff at the men who adopt the
 motto of “no union with Slaveholders and
 who yet propose to be genuine abolitionists,
 learn a lesson irom Mr. Toombs. He clear
 ly shows the position occupied by William
 Lloyd Garrison,and the American Anti-slavery
 Society, to be the logical, and inevitable re
 sult from the basis that Slaveholding is sin.
 Slaveholder thou he be, his rebuke of those
 who claim to be Soil men,” and who
 y«t Ulje especial pains to pour their invec
 t|voa upon abolitionists, is pungent and time
 ly. It is oleat that nothing short of a disso
 lution of the present union, can free the north
 from the sin and guilt which attach to Sla
 very. Mr. Tooms said
 The old Confederation, which was found
 strong enough,under a sense of common dan
 ger, to carry ua triumphantly through the
 war of the Revolution, upon the return of
 peace, was supposed to be insufficient for the
 wants of the country. Delegates met in
 convention at Philadelphia to amend it the
 present Constitution way the result of their
 labors. Tbs journals and debates of that
 Convention attest the fact that the delegates
 from the slave-holding Slates saw the dan
 ger of submitting their rights to projierty in
 slaves, to the hostile legislation of the pro
 posed new government. They then foresaw
 that they would be ia i minority a strong
 hostility fo that interest was openly manifest
 ed in the Convention they were wise enough
 not to expect an abatement of that aeniimeni,
 and therefore they demanded special guaran
 tees for its protection. The inflexible perti
 nacity with which some of t|ieie guarantees
 were insisted upon, on more than one occasion
 during the deliberations of that Assambly,
 threatened the loss of the whole plan ol
 Union. They were conpeded because tbe
 Unton could not have been formed without
 their concession. These special guarantees
 were—
 -Ist. An exception of the African slave
 trade from the general power of Congress
 user commerce for twenty years.
 2d. Representation fot slaves in this
 branch of Congress.
 Sd. Tbe right to demand the delivery up
 of fugitives from labor escaping to the non
 aiavenolding confederates.
 4th. The obligation of the Gonetal Gov
 ernment to suppress insurections.
 These special securities, together with the
 reservation of the States respectively, or to
 the people,” of the powers not delegated to
 the United Slates by the Constitution, nor
 prohibited by it to tbe States,” were suppos
 ed by those who granted them and those whe
 accepted them to be amply sufficient to pro
 tect property in slaves from any hostile action
 of this Government. In this sense was the
 Constitution received and accepted by the
 people of the United States. The only de
 feet in these guarantees results from the fact
 that the execution and faithful observance oi
 them depends upon tbe good faith of the Gov
 ernment; in themselves honestly adhered to,
 they ate full, ample, sod sufficient.
 The history of some of them ia curious and
 instructing. At tbe time of the formation ol
 the Constitution, Virginia and Maryland hats
 prohibited tbe African slave trade, North Car
 olina had laws trampling and restraining it,
 South Carolina and Georgia insisted upon
 further importations. These two Ststes bar
 gained with New England, and a part of the
 consideration wan, that New England was to
 vote for the eootinoanoa of the African slave
 trade for twenty Georgia and South
 Carolina were to vote to place the general
 commerce of the country under tbe oontro)
 of a majority of Congress, instead of two
 thirds, which had been passed by tbs Con
 vention. The understanding was f*irlv ear*
 ned out on 'both aides, sod thus the African
 slave trade was made lawful commerce under
 waKtaas
 Oyed Ml mmm
she wm none the loser by our part of \b*
 contract, as she did the carrying, and receiv
 ed the profits of the speculation in slaves.—
 Yet in the face of these facts, and is dedano
 of these provisions of the Constitution, we art
 told on this floor, by New England Repre
 sentatives, that alas# property is oat of iht
 protection of the Government. Thousands o
 these sieves that introduced as lawful corn
 tnerce are still held by the people of thi
 South other thousands, which were jolt
 for taxes and other debt **ue this Government
 are thus held, the money is, ov may be ii
 your treasury, liable to be paid out lor you
 per diem pay. Your Government has direc
 or imperfect liens upon other thousands in tht
 shape of official or other bond#. We have iht
 right to call on you to give your blood ti
 maintain these thousands and all the rest o
 the slaves of the South in bondage. It is
 nominated in the bond.” Yet with these oh
 ligations resting upon you, we are told b
 you that slave property is out of the peotectioi
 of the Government. Gentlemen, deceive no
 yourselves, you caunot deceive others. Thi
 is a pro slavery Government. Slavery i
 stamped npon its heart—ihe Constitution.-
 You must tear that out of the body politi
 before you can commence the work of its end
 ication.
 I have heard in this Hail, within a fry
 days past fierce and bitter denunciations fron
 northern lips, of Abolitionists—those of th&lt;
 Garrison school, who sometimes chance ti
 meet in Faneuil Hall. In my judgment, lliei
 line of policy is the fairest, most just, tnos
 honest and defensible of all the enemies o
 our insiitutions. And such will be the judg
 ment of impartial histoiy. They shun n»
 question, they wear no mask.” They admi
 some, at least,of the constitutions! obligation
 to protect slavery. They hold these obiiga
 lions inconsistent with good conscience, am
 may therefore denounce the institution as *i
 covenant'with Hell,' and struggle earnestl;
 for its overth ow. If their conduct is devoii
 of every other virtue, and every other clain
 to our respect, it is at least consistent. The.
 do not seek, as many members do here, ti
 get the benefits, and shun the burdena of thi
 bargain.
 Thi Pennsylvania Freeman shal
 have full credit for all articles which we ini'
 copy from that paper. We think it, how
 ever, mistaken in presuming that we havi
 often been an offender in this respect. W
 have taken but one extract from that papei
 in many weeks past; and for that we thini
 we gave full credit. But, let that pass w
 shall take the kind admonition of the Free
 man and pledge ourselves that there shal
 be no ground for complaint, nor cause of ex
 hoitatiun in future.—r.o.
 Report of the Rochester Anti-Slavery
 Fair, held Jan. 23, 1850.
 Pursuant to the appointed time, there weri
 gathered together in the spacious Minerv
 Hall, which had been prepared for the oc
 casion, many of the devoted friends of Wesi
 ern New York, brioging with them of thei
 choicest treasures to lay upon this annua
 Anti-Slavery altar.
 The gross receipts of the Fair, were $2lB
 88 the expences, including, transportation c
 the foreign box, and parcel, amounted t
 $98,02; leaving in the treasury $116,86
 small sum, in consideration of the effort
 made, by the friends who are faithfully labor
 ing, in this depaitment of the vineyard, an
 would o’ercast our minds with sadness am
 dear, ndency, were it not for the goodness c
 the cause, in which we are engaged, and thi
 consciousness of having put forth our best en
 endeavours to produce a different result.
 Among the favorable influences connectec
 i with the Fair; was the supper, in the adjoin
 ing apartment of the Hall, at which a
 least two hundred of hath sexes, an
 all 0010/s, and classes, sat down togethei
 and during the w hole time the most perfe&lt;
 kindness, couitesy, and propriety, of behat
 ior was manifesto 1.
 Our thanks sre due sod cordially tendere
 tto our kirfl friends M mchester, England
 in Cork, Ireland, for their valuable dona
 lion to the cause, every papiu
 mache was sold, also the large and very elt
 gantly dressed dolls, and many other thing
 oo numerous to name, were very beiutili
 and saleable. In yievy of the smallness c
 the sum, reajiaed at the Rochester fair, w e
 would say to our tr&amp;ns-atlantic triends, Tbinl
 not that you have labored in vain; a quaniiv
 of beautiful and useful articles is on hand
 which will be disposed of at other Fairs
 The almost formant Anti-slavery field, in thi
 vicinity of the North Star, which you dear
 to have cultivated, is slowly, but surely be
 ing brought into usefulness, and the harves
 must come, if #e only continue our efforts
 and do not leave thp plough standing in thi
 furrow.
 For the generous and beautiful table fur
 nished, and attended, by the kind Alban]
 friends, we are especially greatful, and wi
 would would our thanks, also to Waterloo
 Walworth, Maeedon, Henrietta, Port Byron
 Collins, and our own city friends, for thei
 bountiful donations.
 The aid of fripnds, who generously gavi
 their personal assiatanee, apparently embrac
 ing with joy, the opportunity to toil in thi
 good work, which they believe ta tending u
 hasten the day, when Slavery’s galling ehain
 will be broken, was highly appreciated.
 On the last evening of the fair, the con
 pany present, were addressed by Frederic]
 Douglass, and Charles L. Remond.
 AMY POST.
 The Comparison.
 It has ever been the custom of the oppres
 sor to rivet the chains of his victim, and ther
 to attempt his justification: so now when th&lt;
 sons of Africa are hurled to the lowest dept hi
 of degradation, by the hand of civilised avar
 ice, the aelf-jnatifying tyrant boldly declare
 that they belong to an inferior species, inca
 pable of moral or intellectual elevation, anc
 legitimately falling under the domination oi
 a superior speces; because, forsooth, thi
 [Jniveruiy of the state of slavery, will
 its coda penal for every one who teaches
 •lave to read or write, has not made ever}
 oegro a Calhoun or Demosthenes, the whoh
 race must be degraded from homo to stmia.
 and the giant powers of Might and For«
 may continue with impunity to trample oi
 the necks of their victims. This idea origin
 sting in a desire to justify as expedient whai
 cannot be defended sa morally right, Is entire
 ly unsupported by scientific evidence; sor
 when we see individuals of a long-oppress*
 race, who have spent their infancy, youth
 and early msnbeod, under the soul-withering
 lash of the taskmaster, without moral oi
 menial cultivation, suddenly homing thei.
 bonds, and electrifying the world with their
 eloquence, and showing themselves every
 way superior. to a majority of those who, be
 longing to 11gee for qges fivored, hive spent
 their whole lives in search of knowledge,
truly we need not tbe light of acMoee to
 prove that they belong to bo inferior specie*
 «nd the knight* of tbe murderous lash, and
 the descendant* of Virginia’* tobacco-bought
 wire*, must found theit right to oppress on a
 more evident superiority than their own illus
 trious origin, or the brilliancy of their intel
 lectual attainments.
 New York City.
 We extract the following from the Speech
 of the lion. Mr. Bissetl, recently made in
 the House of Representatives.
 The power of Congress to abolish the
 slave trade and slavery at the arsenate, forte,
 and navy yards, and in thia District, will
 hardly be questioned by any of our Southern
 triends. And yet, neither the one nor the
 other has been abolished, to this day, in any
 of those places. Even slavedcalers now
 drive their occupation in this District, at plea
 sute. Could not the North, had she chosen
 so to do, have put so end to slavery and the
 slave trade in all these places, long ere tins?
 She has forborne to do so. Is that forbear
 ance any part of the “aggression” upon
 slavery which now justifies rebellion against
 •he Union!
 Now, sir, let us consider thoee minor
 charges, so pertinaciously urged against the
 tiee States, that make up the turn total of
 those “aggressions” which justify these gen
 tlemen in dissolving the Unioo. What ue
 these charges! Why, it is charged, first,
 that among the people ot -the free State*
 there is a prevalent and increasing feeling
 adverse to slavery. Thia statement, or
 charge, it it be one, I cannot deny. But 1
 atn at a loss to conceive hW that can be re
 garded as an “aggression” upon the South,
 or a justification lor the act of overthrowing
 ihis Government. Is it required of the lieu
 Stales that they, in aggregate, shall keep a
 supervision over the views and opinions of
 their individual citizens, on political, inotal or
 any other subjects! Is not this a country of
 freedom of opinion And do not our South
 ern friends, even, reoognise the principle tbai
 ‘•error of opinion may be safely tolerated
 wheio reason is left free to combat it&gt;” But
 are the people of the free States peculiar in
 their views on this subject! Does not the
 aggression” come alsofiom another quarter
 and with ten-fold force. How is the feeling
 in Kentucky, where, at a receut election,
 more than ten thousand vole* (as 1 am in
 formed) were cast in favor of complete eman
 cipation How is it in other Northern slave
 States, when Van Buren, even, at the last
 Presidential election, found warm supporters,
 and not a few vute*! Now, gentlemen
 ot the South, you cannot prevent these things
 —this feeling, or sentiment, or whatever else
 you may call it—even among the people of
 youi own slaveholding Statesman you! Are
 you not asking too much then, w hen you fa
 quire us of tbe North and West to suppress it
 among our people! We could not do so if
 we would. And if we had the power, our
 refusal to exeicise it would by no meaos tend
 to justify the destruction of this Republic.
 Again It is made an accusation rgainst
 'he free States, that their ministers of the
 Gospel make slavery a subject of pulpit dis
 quisition, thus increasing the hetiiluy already
 existing against that institution. To some
 extent this may be the fact, Mr. Chairman
 though I confess that, so far as my own
 knowledge extends, such instances are ex
 ceedingly rare. But what then! Can w»
 prevent that! Ought we to try! Why, on
 this point we have the authority of the gen
 tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] him
 self, in favor of the practice. You will recol
 lect, sir, that after treating us loan argument
 of considerable length, designed to shew
 that the moral and religious condition of the
 negro is improved by his being he’d in bond
 age—and alter declaring that, in his opinion,
 slavery ia “a great moral, social, po
 litical, and religious blessing—-a blessing to
 the slave, and a blessing to the master”—h#
 drops the auhject by saying: “It is do pan of
 my purpose to discuss this piopositio&amp;. The
 subject, in this view of it, belongs rather to
 the pulpit than to the hall* at legislation.”
 ■Surely, sir, he will now complain no more of
 sermons on the subject of slavery: and
 when he ooroea to draftthe “declsraiion” for
 the “Southern Confederacy”—(l trust that
 has not already been done) —he will cettainly
 ft it include this as one of the “cause* wbten
 impel us to the separation.”
 But again: It is charged also against the
 free States, that we tolerate anu-alavery so
 cietiea. Yes, sir: we tolerate anti-slavery
 socities, native American societies, temper
 ance societies, moral reform societies, mis
 sionary societies sewing societies, six! possi
 bly—though I am not certain—other societies.
 Indeed, sir, we are tolerant tow srds all sorts
 of societies. We are so, because, first, we
 have no right to be intolerant ia reference to
 j such matters; and, secondly, because there
 is no necessity for meddling with them. We
 I must hunt for other cause than this, sir, to
 justify a disco! ition of the Union.
 Another charge against us is, that we pgr.
 noit men to perambulate the countxy, lectur
 ing on abolitionism —thus increasing tbe pre
 judice already existing against the institution
 of slavery. There are such men.no doubt.
 My mind recurs to one just now—ono who*
 in that way, has probably exerewed more
 influence in the North, than all the other
 anti-slavery lecturers put together. Thin
 man is Cassius M- Clay, a citizen of the
 slaveholding State of Kentucky. When
 our Southern friends will agree to seal his
 mouth on thst subject, or confine his effort*
 to abolish slavery to the Southern States
 where be belongs, it wjill be time enough for
 us of the North to set about devising some
 mode of confining itinerant lecturers, or pres
 cribing subjects for the exercise of their elo
 quence. I might mention other lecturers of
 the same sort, for whom the North is in
 fobted to the slave Stales. But it is unnecs
 sary.
 It ia also made a matter of accusation
 against tbe free States, that aati-siavery
 presses are kept up there, and that the paper's
 supplied by them are circulated throughout
 he Northern States, and even into the South
 ern; and this is one of the principal causes
 which render it necessary to establish a
 “Southern Confederacy,” which ahail em
 brace ju*t exactly the fifteen slaveholder
 State* and no more. We cannot deny, Mr.
 Chairman, that such papers do circulate quite
 extensively in some portions, of the free
 States, and some of them, piobably, may bo
 found even south of Mason an*! Dixon’s line.
 I have a paper of that character on my desk
 now. Here it is, sir. [Holding it up.] It
 a fair-looking paper, Mr. Chairman; and 1
 observe that its at tide* are written with great
 ,&gt;ower. But, I assure you, sir, it is fearfully
 severe on slavery. And it circulates ex
 tensively in the North, too; the number not
 &gt;eing less. lam told, than fo art ecu thousand
 weekly; besides some thousands which find
 their way tafo the siaveholding States. Now
 l can imagine that you suppose this paper to
 bo published in Yeimont. You are mistaken
 dr. It is not published there, nor in Matse
 •husetts, nor even north of Mason and Dix
 *n’aline. It is published on slave territory,
 ,ir; right here to sight of this caphol, and
 almost within sonnd of my voice. Right here
 «r, upon lb# my spot from which tbe gen
 tleman from North Carotins [Mr. Clinouan]
 is not going to be driven, becauee it ie hie
 _*alave territory.” Yee, gentlemen of tbe
 South, from your own midst; from the very
 ioors of your houses, snrrounded by your
 slave population, do you aond forth aati-a’sve
 ry papers, in number more than fourteen
 thousand per week, to deluge the North, sad
 manufacture public sentiment there. Then
 &gt;ou make the circulation of thoee papers, and
 ihe prevalence of a sentiment which they
 cannot bnt engender, a pretext for overthrow
 ing this Government. Silence yoar own the*
 niton presses; keep for your own use the
 fourteen thousand abolition papers which you
 weekly distribute among the people of tbe
 North, and then claim, if vuu will, that the
 wusttnoe of tboltow jutatt* in tf* /m*
