P 0 etru.
«U*&gt; For the North Star.
 YES! STRIKE AGAIN THAT SOUNDING
 STRING!
 at JAKES M. WHITFIELD.
 Yes' strike again that sounding string,
 And let thy wildest numbers roll;
 Thy son* of fiercest passion sing—
 It breathes responsive to my soul!
 A soul, whose gentlest hours were nursed
 In stern adversity’s dark way,
 a«d o’er whose pathway never burst
 One gleam of hope’s enlivening ray.
 If thou wouldst soothe ray I Aiming brain,
 Sing not to me of joy and gladness;
 Twill but increase the raging pain,
 And turn the fever into madness.
 Sing not to me of landscapes bright,
 Of fragrant flowers and firuitlul trees
 Of azure skies and jnellow light,
 Or whisperings of the gentle breeze;
 But tell me of tbe tempest roaring
 Across the angry foaming deep,
 Or torrents from the mountain pout ing
 Down precipices dark and steep.
 Sing of the lightning’s lurid flash,
 The ocean’s roar, the howling storm,
 The earthquake’s shock, the thunder’s crash,
 Where ghastly terrors teeming swarm.
 Sing of ths battle’s deadly strife,
 The ruthless march of war and pillage,
 The awful waste of human life,
 The plundered town, the burning village!
 Of streets with human gore made red,
 Of priests upon the altar slain;
 The scene of rapine, woe and dread,
 That fills tbe warrior’s horrid train.
 Thy song may then an echo wake,
 Deep in this soul, long crushed and sad,
 The direful impressions shake
 Which threaten now to drive it mad.
 From the National Era.
 A CHANT FOR ELLIOTT.*
 BY JOHN O. WHITTIER.
 Hands off, thou tithe-fat plunderer! play
 No trick of priestcraft here;
 Back, puny lordling! dar’st thou lay
 A hand on Elliott’s bierl
 Aliva, your rank and pomp ns dust,
 Beneath his feet lie trod;
 He knew the locust swarm that cursed
 The harvest field of God.
 On these pale lips tbe smothered thought
 Which England’s millions ieel,
 A fierce and fearful splendor caught,
 As from his forge the steel;
 Strong armed aa Thor! a shower of fire
 His smitten anvil flung;
 God’s curse,Earth’s wrong,dumb Hunger’s ire.
 He gave them all a tongue!
 Then let the poor man’s horny hands
 Bear up the mighty dead,
 And labor’s swart and stalwart bands,
 Behind,.as mourners tread.
 Leave caut and craft their baptized bounds;
 Leave rank its minster floor;
 Give England’s green and daisied grounds
 The Poet of her poor!
 Lay down upon his Sheaf’s green verge
 That brave old heart of oak,
 With fitting dirge from souuding forge,
 And pall of furnace-smoke'
 Where whirls the stone its dizzy rounds,
 And axe and sledge are swung,
 And, timing to their stormy sounds,
 His stormy lays are sung.
 There let the peasant’s step be lieard.
 The grinder chant his rhyme:
 Nor patroned praise nor dainty word
 Befit the man or time.
 No soft lament nor dreamer’s sigh
 For him whose words were bread—
 The Runic rhyme and spell whereby
 Tbe foodless poor were fed!
 Pile up thy tombs of rank and pride,
 Oh, England! as thou wilt;
 With pomp to nameless worth denied,
 Emblazoned titled guilt!
 No part nor lot in this we claim,
 But, o’er tbe sounding wave,
 A common right to Elliott’s uame,
 A freehold in his grave.
 Ebenezer Elliott, the intelligence of whose
 death lately reached us, was to tbe artisans of Eng
 land what Burns was to the peasantry of Scotland.
 His Corn-Law Rhymes contributed not a little
 lo that overwhelming tide of popular opinion and
 feeling which has resulted in the repeal of tlie tax
 on bread. W ell has the eloquent author of the
 Relorms nod Reformers of Great Britain” said
 of him: Not Cora-Law Repealers alone, but all
 Britons who moisten their scanty bread by the
 swsat of their brow, are largely indebted to his
 inspiring lays for the mighty bounty which tbe la
 boring mind of England has taken in our day.
 Frotn tbe Christian Citizen.
 AN EXILE’S SONG.
 1 would I were a liuie bird,
 With pinions light and free,
 To range at will tbe trackless sky,
 And I would cross tbe sea;
 And then my roving wing would seek
 My own dear land again.
 And ’mid the birks and hawthorn trees,
 I’d wander up the glen:
 And 1 would with tbe cuckoo sing
 A merry rung of May,
 On tbe heathery' hills of Scotland,
 So fsr, far away!
 1 would I were the little cloud
 That floats in yooder sky.
 And I would ask tbe winged winds.
 To teach me bow to fly;
 'And I would haste away, away,
 On ocean’s heaving breast.
 Until I readied the mountaia-land,
 The lead I love the best;
 And there for joy I’d weep in dews,
 And sleep at close of day,
 On the heathery hills of Scotland,
 Sa far, far away!
 Oh, when Ibe purple sunset cloud*
 In the bright west are piled,
 I trace in them the mounuio-peaks
 I loved when but a child;
 Aad when 1 hear a waterfall.
 With its wild murmuring tone,
 It minds me of their distant streams;
 So beautiful aud looe;
 And memory bears me back jqptin,
 •To where I aaed to stray.
 On the heathery bill* of Scotland,
 So hr, far away!
 I would I ware the golden broom,
 That blooms beside the burn,
 Where it waadere on so joyously
 Among the rocks and fern;
 For then I never more would leave
 A spot I love so well,
 But peacefully my flowers weakl fade
 la thair own native soil.
 And scattered gently by the winds,
 Would sleep in calm decay,
 ’Mid the heathery hills of Scot aad,
 So far, far away.
 WoftCS*Tg», (Eng.j 1»4». A. L. W,
JfltadJaneouß.
funeral of the duke of
 YORK.
 If those who attended that funeral
 sould have seen their own positic i be
 tween the past and the future as we
 tee it now, it would have so absorbed
 *ll their thoughts as that the body might
 have been lowered into its vault, un
 seen, and the funeral fanthems have
 been unheard. A more singular assem
 blage than the doomed group about the
 mouth of that vault has seldom been
 seen. In virtue of our survivorship,
 we can observe them now, each one
 with his fate hovering over his uncover
 ed head. He who was next to be
 lowered into that vault was not there.
 He was in his palace, weak in health
 and spirits—relieved and yet perplexed
 that the course ef government was
 simplified by the removal of his remon
 strant brother, whose plea of nearness
 to the throne—now so solemnly set
 aside—had made his interference at
 once irksome and difficult to regard.
 There would be no more interference
 now—no more painful audience—no
 more letters brought in with that fa
 miliar superscription. The way was
 clear now—but to what? Liverpool
 and Canning must settle that. It they
 felt that the Catholic question must be
 settled, they must shojar how it was to
 be done; and they must do it. Liver
 pool and Canning! By that day twelve
 months, how was it with them Lore
 Liverpool was not at Windsor that
 night. He laid down his careworc
 head to rest, unaware that but a feu
 more days of life—(as he considerec
 life) remained to him. The bod)
 breathed for some months; but in i
 few days after this, the mind was dead
 As for Canning—his heart and mine
 were full as his noble brow shone it
 the torchlight. He well knew that i
 was not only his chief personal enem)
 who was here laid low, but the only in
 surmountable barrier to his policy
 He saw an open course before hint, 01
 one which he himself could clear. H&lt;
 saw the foul fiend Revolution descent
 into that vault, to be sealed down in 1
 with that coffin. He saw beyond tha
 torchlight chapel a sunny vision o
 Ireland tranquilised; and the hope rost
 within him that he might achieve i
 peace at home —the sound peace o
 freedom—as blessed as the peace whicl
 he had spread over the world abroad
 And all the time, the chill and the
 damps of that chapel, dim amidst th&lt;
 yellow glare, with the fog of January
 were poisoning his vitals, and shorten
 ing his allowance of life to a mere span
 Beside him stood his friend and com
 rade, Huskisson. They were born ir
 the same spring, they were neither o
 them to know another moment ofhealtl
 after this chilly night service; and theii
 deaths were to be not far apart. Whal
 remained for both was the bitter lasi
 drops of the cup of life—sickness, toil
 perplexity, some humiliation and in
 finite anguish. Here if they had knowr
 their future, they would have laid dowr
 all self-regards, all ambition, alt hop&lt;
 and mirth, all thoughts of finishet
 work and a serene old age, and hav&lt;
 gone forth to do and suffer the last stage
 of their service, before dropping into
 their untimely rest. These two hac
 made no professions of grief about the
 death of the prince: they did not vr uni
 their feelings; yet here they were, sac
 and solemn; while beside them stood
 one whose woes about the loss of hii
 royal friend, and about the irreparable
 loss to the empire, were paraded before
 all men’s eyes, and dinned into the
 ears of all who would listen. Here
 stood Lord Chancellor Eldon, beside
 the open grave in which he declared
 that the hopes of his country were be
 ing buried. Was he lost in grief?—bis
 ready tears in fuller flow than ever?—
 his soul absorbed in patriotic medita
 tion! 'Lord Eldon, recollecting’—-
 what ?—that he might catch cold—stood
 upon his hat, to avoid chill from the
 flags: ‘and his precaution was com
 pletely successful.’ If it had but oc
 curred to Canning to stand upon his
 hat! but he was thinking of other
 things. There were others for whom
 death was in waiting! and some for
 whom great labors and deeds were
 preparing in life. The troublesome
 opponent of Ministers, Mr. Tierney,
 who was to be found dead in his study
 before the next royal funeral; and
 Lord Graves, who was to die by his
 own hand, under the provocation of
 royal vice or levity. And what tasks
 lay before those who were yet to live
 and work! Among the six dukes who
 bore the pall was he who was to suc
 ceed to the highest military office now
 thus vacated; and Wellington himself
 uo doubt thought this night that he was
 of one mind in the great political ques
 tion of the day with the prince whose
 pall he bore.—No doubt he believed
 that he should, in hts proper place, do
 what he could to exclude the Catholics,
 and to keep the conscience of the sov
 ereign fixed upon the Coronation oath,
 and his duty to Protestantism; in his
 proper place, we say, because the duke
 spurned the idea of a military chief
 like himself taking civil office, and
 openly declared, with indignation at aft
 unfounded rumer, that he should be
 mad if he dreamed of the Premiership.
 Yet, beforo this royal vault Should
 again be opened, Wellington was to be
 Premier, and use his office to repeal
 the disabilities of Catholics. Tru
 ly, pledges and prophecies are danger
 ous things for statesmen to meddle
 with in times of transition: and it would
 seem to be a feature in the mission of
 the honest and resolute Wellington—
 honest and resolute beyond all cavil—
 to prove the presumption of pledges
 and prophecies in times of transition.
 Then there was Peel, with the same
 work before him, and much more, of
 which he haduot yet begun to dream;
 and with tlie fate before him of losing
 bis best-beloved honor—the represen
 tation of his University— and gaining
 several others—-any one of which would
 suffice to make an immortality. And
 there was Hsrdinge, the friend of both
 the deceased and the incoming Com
 mander-in-chief, who was to signalise
 his age in the history of India by his
 administration and achievements both
 of peace and war. And there was, as
 Chief Mourner he who was to be tha
 next King, and in whose reign was to
 occur that vital renovation of our
 representative system wbieh will he to
thoughtful studenta of a thousand yaar*
 hence what Magna Ckarla ia to us.
 What a grope was here collected, with
 in the curtain of the future, see
 ■eeing nothing but the vault at their
 feet [and the banners of the past wav
 ing above their heads; and, wherever
 they thought they saw sotne way into
 tbe coining time, seeing wrongly
 mistaking their own (ancy-painting on
 that curtain for discernment of what
 was behind it. And behind that veil,
 agents work unheard—death at his
 grave digging—and the people with
 their demands and their acclamations
 —and the trumpet voice of conviction
 summoning prejudice to the surrender.
 But what they saw not, we,as survivors,
 see; and what they heard not, we
 hear; for now that curtain of futurity
 is hung up over our heads as banners
 of the past; and the summons of death,
 and of the popular will, and of indi
 vidual conscience are still audibla to
 us—not in their first stunning crack,
 but as funeral echoes to which those
 banners float.—Jlfi** Martineau.'
THE GOOD MERCHANTS.
 The “Sexton of the Old School,”
 who writes in the Boston Transcript,
 tells the following touching and delight
 ful story:
 The old standard merchants, who
 transacted business on the Long
 Wharf, Boston Pier, when I was a boy
 —are dead— stelliger —almost every
 one of them; and, if all that 1 have
 known and heard of them, were fairly
 told, it would make a very readable
 volume, highly honorable) to many ol
 their number, and calculated to operate
 as a stimulus upon the profession, in
 every age.
 One little narrative spreads itself be
 fore my memory, at this moment, which
 I received from the oaly surviving son
 of the individual to whom it especially
 refers. A merchant, very extensively
 engaged in commerce, and located
 upon the Long Wharf, died Feb. 18,
 1806, at the age of 75, intestate. His
 eldest son administered upon the es
 tate. This .old gentleman used plea
 santly to say, that, for many years, he
 had fed a very large number of the
 Catholics, on the shores of the Medi
 terrranean, during Lent, referring to
 his very extensive connexion with the
 fishing business. In his day he was
 certainly well known; and, to the
 present time, is well remembered, by
 some of the “old ones down along the
 shore,” from the Gurnet’s Nose to
 Race Point. Among his papers, a
 package, of very considerable size,
 was found, after his death, carefully
 tied up, and labelled as follows:
 “Notes, due-bills, and accounts against
 sundry persons, down along shore.
 Some of these may be got by s ult or
 severe dunning. But the people are
 poor: most of them hate had fishermen's
 luck. My children ttill do as they think
 best. Perhaps they will tfiink with me,
 that it is best to bum this package en
 tire.”
 “About a month,’’said my informant,
 “after our father died, the sons met
 together, and, after some genera)
 remarks, our elder brother, the admin
 istrator, produced this package, ol
 whose ojfistence we were already ap
 prized; read the superscription; and
 asked what course should be taken, ip
 regard to it. Another brother, a few
 years younger than the eldest, a man
 of strong, impulsive temperament, un
 able, at the moment, to express his
 feeling, by words, while he brushed
 the tears from his eyes with 009 hand,
 by a spasmodic jerk of the other, to
 wards the fire place, indicated his wish
 to have the package put into the
 flames. It was suggested, by another
 of our number, that it might be well,
 first, to make a list of the debtors’
 names, and of the dates, and amounts,
 that we might be enabled, as the in
 tended discharge was for all, to inform
 such as might offer payment, that their
 debts were forgiven. On the following
 day, we again assembled—the list had
 been prepared—and all the notes, due
 bills, and accounts, whose amount, in-
 I eluding interest, exceeded thirty-two
 thousand dollars, wire committed to
 the flames.”
 “It was about four months after our
 father’s death,” continued my infor
 mant, “in the month of June, that, as
 I was sitting in my eldest brother’s
 counting room, waiting for an oppor
 tunity to speak with him, there came
 in a hard-favored, little, old man, who
 looked as if time and rough weather
 had been to windward of him for
 seventy years. He asked if my bro
 ther was not the executor. He replied,
 that he was administrator, as our lather
 died intestate. ‘Well,’ said the strang
 er, ‘l’ve come up from the Cape to
 pay a debt 1 owed the old gentleman.’
 My brother,” continued my informant,
 “requested him to take a seat, being at
 the moment engaged with other per
 sons, at the desk.
 The old man sat down, and, putting
 on his glasses, drew out a very ancient
 leather pocket book, and began to
 count over his money. When he had
 done—and there was quite a parcel of
 bank notes —as he sat, waiting bis
 turn, slowly twisting his thumbs, with
 his old grey, meditative eyes upon the
 floor, he sighed; and 1 knew the
 money, as the phrase runs, cap}e hard
 -—and secretly wished the old man's
 name might be found upon the forgiven
 list. My brother was soon at leisure,
 and asked him the common question—
 his name, &amp;c. The original debt was
 four hundred and forty dollars—it had
 stood a long time, and, with the in
 terest, amounted to a sum, between
 seven and eight hundred. My brother
 went to bis desk, and, after examining
 the forgiven list attentively, a sudden
 smile lighted up his countenance, and
 told me the truth, at a glance—the old
 man’s name was there! My brother
 quietly took a chair, by his side, and a
 conversation ensued between them,
 which I never shall forget. “Your
 note is outlawed,” said my brother; “it
 w«s dated twelve years ago, payable
 in two years; there is no witness, and
 no interest has ever been paid; you are
 not bound to pay this note—we cannot
 recover the amount.” “Sir,” said the
 old man, “I wish to pay it. It is the
 only heavy debt I hare in the world. It
 may be outlawed here, but hare no
 child, aad my old woman end I hope
 we hare made our peace with God,
 and wish to do so with num. I should
like to P*/ it”—and hit his bank
 notes bt' tore nay brother, requesting
 him to covii?t them ov er “I cannot
 take this ratiney,* 1 said my brother.
 The old tram tiefearae alarmed. “I
 have cast simple interest, for twelve
 years ahd a little‘ over,” said the old
 man. “I will rerjaay you compound in
 terest, if you say* so. The debt ought
 to have been paid Jong ago, but your
 father, sir, was very indulgent—he
 knew I’d been unducky, and told me
 not to worry about it.”
 My brother then set the whole mat
 ter plainly before him, and, taking the
 bank bills, returned them to the old
 man’s pocket-book, telling him that,
 although our father left no formal will,
 he had recommended to his cihldren to
 destroy certain notes, due-bills, and
 other evidences of debt, and release
 those who might be legally bound to
 pay them. For a moment the worthy
 old man appeared to be stupefied.
 After he had collected himself, and
 wiped a few tears from his eyes, he
 stated, that, from the time he had heard
 of our father’s death, he had raked and
 scraped, and pinched and spared, to
 get the money together, for the pay
 ment of this debt—*‘Aboiit ten days
 ago,” said he, "Ihad made up the sum
 within twenty dollars. My wife knew
 how much the payment of this debt lay
 on my spirits, and advised me to sell a
 cow, and make up the difference, and
 get the heavy burthen off my spirits. I
 did so—and now, what will my old wo
 man say! I must get back to the Cape,
 and tell her this good news. She’ll
 probably say over the very words she
 said, when she put her hand on my
 shoulder as we parted—l have never
 seen the righteous man forsaken, nor
 his seed begging bread.’ After a hearty
 shake of the hand, and a blessing upon
 our old father’s memory, he went upon
 his way rejoicing.
 After a short silence—taking his
 pencil and making a cast—‘there,’ said
 my brother, ‘your part of the amount
 would be so much—contrive a plan to
 convey to me your share of the plea
 sure, derived from this operation, and
 the money is at your service.’
 Such is the simple tale, which I have
 toid, as it was told to me.
THE ADVENT OF SPRING.
 The spring came, and brought the
 birds, and (he flowers, and the new
 clergyman, who was ordained with all
 the pomp and ceremony usual on such
 occasions. The opening of the season
 furnished also the theme of his first dis
 course, which some of the congrega
 tion thought very beautiful, and others
 very incomprehensible. “Ah, how
 wonderful 19 the advent of spring—the
 great annual miracle of the blossoming
 of Aaron’* rod, repeated on myriads
 and myriads of branches I—the gentle
 progression and growth of herbs, flow
 ers, trees, —gentle, and yet irrepres
 sible, which no force can stay, no
 yiolence restrain, like love, that wins
 its way and cannot be withstood by
 any human power, because itself is di
 vine powea.. If spring caine but once
 in a century, instead of once a year,
 or burst forth with the sound of an
 earthquake, and not in silence, what
 wonder aad expectation would there be
 in all hearts to behold the miraculous
 phangc! But now the silent succession
 suggests nothing bqt necessity. To
 most men only the cessation of the
 miracles wouiu be miraculous, and the
 perpetual exercise of God’s power
 seems less wonderful than its withdraw
 al would l?e.”
 Such was the train of thought with
 which Karanah commenced his ser
 mon) apd then, with deep solemnity
 and emotion, he proceeded to speak of
 the spring ot the soul, as from its
 ppperlcss winter distance it turns
 nearea ani nearer to the great Sun,
 and clothis its dry and withered
 branches wew with leaves, and blos
 soms, unfolded from within itself, be
 neath the penetrating and irresistible
 influence.— Longfellow's ffavanah,
 A Faeily in Heaven. —A whole
 family united in religion—what a spec
 tacle of beauty on earth! A family
 lying side by side in their graves, to be
 united again in the same blessed resur
 rectiop-r—what a spectacle for angels
 to look down upon with interest! A
 whole family united in heaven—who
 can describe their everlasting joys?
 Not one is absent. Nor father, nor
 mother, nor son, nor daughter, are
 away. In the world below they were
 united in faith, and love, and peace,
 and joy. In the morning of the re
 surrection they ascended together.
 Refore the throne they bow together in
 united adoratiop. On tKe banks of the
 river of life they walk band in hand, and
 as a family they have commenced a
 career of glory which shall be ever
 lasting. There is to he hereafter no
 separation io that family. No one is
 to lie down on a bed of pain. No one
 w to wander away into temptation. No
 one is to sipk into the arms of death.
 Never in heaven is that family to move
 along in the slow procession, clad in
 the habiliments of wo, to consign one
 of its members to the tomb. God
 grant of his infinite mercy that every
 family may be thus united.—Her. Al
 bert Bonus.
 Russian Roguery. —A gentleman of
 St. Pctersburgh, buying a cap, selec
 ted one of an unusual shape from the
 hatter's counter, and after much hag
 gling purchased it; although it had
 been made to order, and the party for
 whom it was intended was expected
 to fetch it momentarily, To secure it
 the gentleman put it on his head and
 departed.—ln the course of his walk,
 he found ia bis pocket a snuff-box
 which did not belong to him, and whieh
 he knew was not there a short time be
 fore ;he could not account for it; pre
 sently he drew forth a strange hand
 kerchief, and shortly afterwards he
 found himself enriched with a pocket
 book. Suspicioua of these additions to
 his property, he determined to stroll
 leisurely about to watch the result; at
 length from the quantity of things
 placed softly about bis person, he be
 came couvir sed that he was converted
 into an ambulatory receiver of stolon
 good*, of which the cap was the aigo.
 He at once made the discovery to the
 police, who were not long in turning
 the information to account.—- Tkomp
 9on*9 life in Rmsi*.
3ltoeiiioemnito.
Asylum for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anvalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successfitl opera-
 The proprietor analyzes every diseat e:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 (H-iate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 •pplwd »n any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor Wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied oa as the only
 or principal i emedy in tbe treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 nmlk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 Out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tbe remedies made u i of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove i.Jsense hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of tbe coun
 try, who bad neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 tbe quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of tbe Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from ope to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Pile*, Costiveness, Di
 arrhena, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst Ibrms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumption! in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given bis whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on these dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to anr
 expense in this Institution witliout being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money an&lt;!
 *ny all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, car. let the proo-ie
 tor know what wil. bo satisfactory, and it shill be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tlie iuflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever lieen published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expanse of those who
 choose to make a contract in cane of failure. Tlie
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have lieen made in this institution, because
 they must soon be Ixdieved; but to let it lie mot
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, aud still remain confined to llieir beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment iu this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore tlie
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want anv one to
 cotne, unless tliey wish to get well, and are w filing
 I to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 j miles at a time, and foffow it Mp day alter day in
 succession; ami also willing to be made able to en&gt;
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that ever)
 one that goes through a thorough eourra of treatment i
 in tlie Analytic institution shrill show by tlieir in
 -1 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 f texture, capability of endurance, and improved 1
 I health, that the treatment in this Institution isfound-
 Icd on the natural laws of organized matter, ami
 consequently its superiorly oyer every other dif-.
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addresser! to Dr. THOMAS j
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate Jf requested, reference will
 lie made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortlie proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 r pHIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser*
 X vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 Erincipa) scientific institutions and surgeons o&lt;
 ospitals i i this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to am limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, u now manufactured in Springfield, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier k Hudson.,
 They warrant entire satisfaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton andSfKAGVE, of Buffalo.
 Dr, Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster arid Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, (Syracuse sepl4-6tn
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber bpgs leave to calF tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 1 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 liis house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it i 3 believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bul
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abopnds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-live years, was brought to me last
 August, iier case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well euppojted, she iqade an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Site had Iteen in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she!
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring 'three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen for
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with olliers, will lie charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE lIOYT.
 Fre« Labor Roods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31 .North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Sum kings, Knitting Cotton,
 Bte. Ire-
 Orders for Goode, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to I. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 June* Matt, No- 38, Church Alley.
 A huge and handsome assortment of Prints now
 an hand. iul—tf
 Colored Sailors* Home,
 330, Pearl Street New York.
 FRIENDS* *h* cfere, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 u good Board,and at as krwa price as in any other
 house in the city. The hoese la large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM; P. POWELL.
 May 11,1843.
Halsted’s Eclectic Me4lcal ImsUtmtr,
 ii 4 Witer-Cire EsUMtekaeit.
 THIS Institntion has been in successful operation
 daring fourteen veers, for theatre of all Chronic
 Disease*, and surh 'as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND fa
 tten ts have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtsnair,
 have liad renewed hope and courage when they nave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by l!:i*
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Jtc., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor tlieir physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 7
 We are nsing water in ail the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of tlie womb,) l-eucorrhea, [whiles] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the «turn of life’— involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatinent, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otliers. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and lie If less the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who liad not walked for years. These
 ladies I lave walked miles daily before leaving tbe
 Institution.
 Such nr our knowledge and confidence in thu unpar
 alelltd treatment far all long Handing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever land err nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empvricisin from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that liere they will not spend tlieir money
 w ithout benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will lie practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The mod helpless and feeble cases, who have bun con
 fineil for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTH r. r diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hour* after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin AL dif
 ficulty. To product this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or mconvenunct, aud
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts lit them select Iks molt trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one widling to know more about onr
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty cun address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, free oi
 charge—together with the most'respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 F* S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what otliers are nc( fortunate
 enough to do.
 Uoniuuuiicu'pqps .mould be addressed to H alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, Nl Y., post
 paid.
 Refer ences.—Joseph Field Ex-Mavor, and
 Rev. G. VV. Montgomery, Rochester, Pi. t,
 TUKii U. KEVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles ot Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine aml wide Paper Muslins. Also Cok red
 Cambrics.
 Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloth..
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also qtt hand, mostly at
 reduced price* Ginghams various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 A!qaUu.
 Muslin de Luiue, plain and neatly figured, alt wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles J
 Apron and .Furniture Chech. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cottop Twilipd Pantaloon Stuns. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brovrn,and
 colored.
 adding white and colored Cotton Lape. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar,
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Tlie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which tile Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally,
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large tbe assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -*ts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, if
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office ol
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 280 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37} cts. in inustin,
 and 2ji cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12} cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Sglpqt Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhtirst, Boston. —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 Anti-Slavery Office,
 Av. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on band. Also a hand so nn
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefr
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to he directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia, jul—tf
 “Every Man his ewn Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, aad one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medio
 cinea and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and by
 John B. Newman, M. I).”
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exntasiveJy
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, one, time of gathering,
 and many outer directions very useful for ersry fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mti
 cel Botany, and will furnish on that point alt the
 uesired information wanted for general use.
 The two books are put up an 3 bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 26 cents, or sold separate
 ceotf*
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that use may be recognised from another, to pie
 Vest practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 •kstchefgeneralpbysjofogy, **d raise for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causa?
 *£s fwfjdliii #&gt;F:' „IU iy*.
Tbe book has been written with greet cere, la a
 plain, simple, camawe seese style easily to be
 ■let stood hv every person, end Ire a practical pfcysi
 cian awl thorough botanist. YVe can recommend
 it with eatire confidence, a* being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kina ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those br
 ing in new countries and unhealthy elanate*, aitouid
 not foil to procure a copy aud have it at all timee at
 band, in case of sickness as tliey might thereby by
 some simple remedysave nn expensive ami pro tree
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a booh
 should he in every house as a safe end sure adviser
 in tune of aeud, tbe direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 Tlie price at which tbe book is sold M fo w that
 every family may have a copy, and noae be
 without it.
 Tlie book Is put np in Paper binding, ami cun
 1 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6] cents to aay
 aartofthe United Stater.
 QCJ* Any person eeudiag ns one dollar by mall, aad
 pud paying postage oa the fetter, shall have four
 copies sent him free ef postage.
 Scuo in your orders*, there is no risk ia sending
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and tbe book*
 always reach tVV destiuafSon.
 fir Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books seal to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sail
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from s2l&gt;
 to @5O will be necessary fire each agent. Address,
 vest paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
y vi
 G, W, MERCHANT'S;
 i. f h n i i i i»
 1 rARGfJN(; (ill,.
 I I HOICKS tv HI &gt;1 \N H I Ml.
UNPARAILED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS TH E HOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Erer Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY’'bus not iu equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having bean before
 tlie public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the moot disinterested character of iu won
 dertul effects on the animal economy- is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first attracted the attsmima of
 tlie Farrier and Farmer, and tbe wonder of tbe
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 jtself tbe virtue ol curio* many diseases. Experi
 ence of more tlmn fourtr.-n years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation*
 will cure most cases and relieve such as tbe follow
 ing, among many others in tbe cure of which thu
 Oil has lieen completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely foiled:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tbe mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, tic,
 Also a hunt of disease-i
 ill Horses and oilier
 animals,such a*
 SPAVINS
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Wiudga.ll, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gails of all kinds,
 Fresh Wotmds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness),
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, fi*t., f c
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, aud others a ho have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in apecunkry point,
 they could hardly have been credited,
 Tha cekfcrated Dr. Parker also writes a* follows:
 Dear air: have prescribed your Gargl'ng Oil ia
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a oiuwent, with marked success, and would esm
 luend it to physicians generally for external use ia
 all contusions, tumor*, sprains, white swellings,
 and m a!' rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a diecutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms liave been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means wow ia
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is uo
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remarU
 ■‘bio manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Qil, and tlie
 unparalleled success it has met witl\ m the hamt. n f
 the FARRIER, FARMER mtf STAGEPRO
 PRIETOR, it is but iuiifee to say, that of th«
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 «f Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse,
 ror instance, read the tallowing;
 TO OWNERS OP HORSES.
 This is (o certify that I hove had for many years tlie
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for nil the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw iu
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to tbe public as tbe best medicine for
 horses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders add rested t® the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what wor.-
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in tbe Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wh. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. Wad*
 Roe lies ter.
 H k E Gaylord, Henderson It Pander son, dev*
 land, O.; G Ping k Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 fit Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany;
 Hollister k Co, Buffalo; Greenman k Smith, Utl
 ca; P D Orris k Co, Troy, NY. July It— 6m
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Rtoitw
 The North BrUuh Renew, the Westmtnper Reuieu,
 end Blackwood's Edinburgh Mu t azint.
 THE widespread fan* of these splendid period*
 cals renders it needless to say much in Uteir praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far ta advance ol
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 c.mdor, and forbearance,"not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great ponies
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; ana the Westnut
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. ChaJmrre, and now, since
 bis death, being conojcted by bis son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated witn Sir David Brewster. Ite
 literary rharacter is of the very highest coder. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is pubiiseed in England under the title nf The For
 eign Quarterly and We*Un»a*ter-~it being ia feet a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 die advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals ai«. reprinted ia New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautitul clear type, ou fine white paper, aad
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-*umltot the Edinburgh
 edition.
 p*icu ro* 184®, {it »uMCKi«©roi cably.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 8100 per annum.
 For any two do 000
 For any three do 76®
 For all four of the Reviews, 000
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 0 00
 For Blackwood aad the S Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to bt made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ail the above worts will

 scription for three -die fourth copy bain® gratis.
 early copies.
 ou L kte w,ti the British publishers
 Blackwood s magazine secures to us nth irhtnr
 that work, by which we shall be able topkee the
 entire number in the hand, of .uiwcr.ber, £fo£ »*y
 portion of it can he reprinted in any of dm American
 Journals. For this sad other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to ram the price of the Mage
 *uw. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price ia lew.
 ReBIIttRBCHI an mA pAmmliltiool iftna iltauU almut-o
 bo addressed .post-paid or freaked, to the pehishsr
 LEONARD SCOTT ft Co.,
 taw W, fultea Street, Weer York,
