FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
VOL. 111. NO. ja
The NORTH HTA.R u published every
 Friday, at N*. U, Buffalo Street,
 fOppMtfe Me Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 «übse#iption will be received Tor a let* term that,
 six months.
 Advertisement* not exceeding fen tinea inserted
 three ti.nss for oi)e dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five peals.
object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY lb all its forms and aspeflts; advocati
 Universal E«4»eiPiTfo«; exalt tl*e etaudaist
 of public morality, promote the moral and latellec
 ual improvement of the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enskved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 ij£j“ All communications relating to the l/ueiness
 mature of the papsr, names of subscribers, remit*
 taaoes, &amp;c., should lie addressed to Frederick
 Dooolsss, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 tjtj* Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post offirt,
 the Ciurtff/, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Aliy person se tiding in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have n fifth copy for o e year.
 i.oj* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.b Wallcut,2l,Condiill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford* Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Coin ectjcut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbnry, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias l)oty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Iveese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yau; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Batli.
 Rhode Islam*.—Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Persstlvama. J. M. M’Kire, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149.
 Ba. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bowu, Pittsburgh; VV'm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveys burgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michioan. Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
0 elect ions.
ARGUMENT
 Of Charles Sumner, Esq., against the Con
 stitutionality of Separate Colored Schools
 in the case of Sarah C. Roberts vs. The
 City of Boston. Before the Supreme Court
 of Mass., Dec. 4, 1849.
 [continued.]
 VII. The Court will declare the by
 law of the School Committee of Boston
 making a discrimination of color among
 Children of the Public Schools, to be
 unconstitutional and illegal, although
 there are no express words of prohibi
 tion in the constitution and laws.
 It is hardly necessary to say any
 thing in support of this proposition.
 Slavery was abolished in Massachu
 setts, by virtue of the declaration of
 rights in our constitution, without any
 specific words of abolition in that in
 strument, or in any subsequent legisla
 tion. (Commonwealth vs. Aves, 18
 Pick. R. 210.) The same words
 which are potent to destroy slavery,
 must be equally potent against any in
 stitution founded on inequality or caste.
 The case of Boston vs. Shaw, (Met
 calf 130,) to which reference has been
 al.'cady made, where a by-law of the
 city was set aside as unequal and un
 reasonable, and therefore void, affords
 another example of the power which 1
 oow invoke the Court to exercise.
 But authorities are not needed The
 words of the Constitution are plain,
 and it will be the duty of the Court to
 see that these are applied to the dis
 crimination of color now in question.
 la doing this, the Court might justly
 feel great delicacy, if they were called
 upon to revise a law of the legislature.
 But it is simply the action of a local
 committee that they are to overrule.
 They may also be encouraged by the
 fact, that if is only to the Schools of
 Boston that their decision can be appli
 cable. The other towns throughout
 the Commonwealth have already vol
 untarily banished Caste. In removing
 it from the schools of Boston, the Court
 will bring them into much-desired har
 mony with the schools of other towns,
 and with the whole system of Public
 Schools in Massachusetts. 1 am un
 willing to suppose that there can be any
 hesitation or doubt tn coming to this
 conclusion. But if any should arise,
 there is a rule of interpretation which
 may be our guide. It is according to
 familiar practice that every interpreta
 tion is made always in favor of life or
 liberty. So here, the Court should in
 cline in favor of Equality, that sacred
 right which is the companion oi these
 other rights. In proportion to the im
 portance of this right will the Court be
 solicitous to vindicate it and uphold it.
 And in proportion to Ihe opposition
 which it encountres from the predjudi
 ces of society, will the Court brace
 themselves iu this task. It has been
 pointedly remarked by Rousseau that
 it is precisely because the force
 of things tends always to desToy
 Equality, that the force of legislation
 ought always to tend to maintain it."
 (Central Social, iiv. 2, chap. 11.) In
 similar spirit, and for the same rea
 son, the Court should always tend to
 Maintain it.
 There are other matters not strictly
 belonging to the juridical aspect ol the
 case, ana yet of importance to its clear
 comprehension, upon which I shall
 touch briefly bofore l close.
 It is sometimes said in extenuation
 of the present system in Boston, that
 the separation of the white aud black
 children waa originally made at the re
 quest of the colored parents. This is
 substantially true. It appears from the
 iatefeetiog letter of*Dr. Belknap, in re
 ply to Judge Tucker’s queries respect
 ing slavery in Massachusetts, written
 tithe dose of the last century, (4 Masi
 Hint. jCall. W 7,) that at that tima n&lt;
RTGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
discrimination on account of color was
 made in the public schools of Boston.
 “The same provision,” he says’ “is
 made by the public for the education
 of the children of the blacks, as for
 those of the whites. In this town, the
 Committee who superintend tho free
 schools, have given in charge to the
 schoolmasters to receive and instruct
 black children as well as white.” Dr.
 Belknap adds, however, that he has
 not hoard of more than three or four
 who have taken advantage of this priv
 ilege, though the number of blacks in
 Boston prooably exceeded one thou
 sand. It is to he feared that the inhu
 man bigotry of Caste—sad relic of the
 servitude from which they had just es
 caped!—was at this time too strong to
 allow colored children a kindly wel
 come in the free schools, and that from;
 timidity and ignorance, they shrank
 from taking their places on the same
 benches with the white children. Per-,
 haps the prejudice against them was
 so inveterate that they could not ven
 ture to assert their rights. It appears 1
 that in 1800, a petition was presented
 to the School Committee from sixty-six,
 colored persons, praying for the estab
 lishment of a school for their benefit.
 Private munificence came to the aid of
 the city,” and the present system of sep
 arate schools was brought into be
 ing-
 These facts are interesting in the
 history of the Boston Schools, but they
 cannot in any way affect the rights of
 the colored people, or the powers of the
 Committee. These rights and these
 powers stand on the Constitution and
 laws of the Commonwealth. Without
 adopting tho suggestion of Jefferson,
 that one generation cannot by legisla
 tion bind its successors, all must agree
 that the assent of a few persons, nearly
 a century ago—at the time when their
 rights were imperfectly understood—
 to an unconstitutional and illegal
 course, cannot alter the Constitution
 and the laws, and bind their descend
 ants forever in the thrall of Caste.
 Nor can the Committee derive from
 this assent, or from any lapse of time
 powers in derogation of the Constitu
 tion and of the Rights of Man.
 It is clear that the sentiments of the
 colored people have now changed.
 The present case, and the deep inter
 est which they manifest in it, thronging
 the court to hang on this discussion,
 attest the change. With increasing,
 knowledge, they have learned to know
 their rights, and to (eel the degradation
 to which they have been doomed.
 Their present effort is the token of
 manly character which this court will
 cherish and respect. Tb« spirit ot
 Paul now revives in them, even as
 when he said, “I am a Roman citi
 zen.”
 But it is said that these separate
 schools are for the mutual benefit of
 children of both colors, and ofthe Pub
 lic Schools. In similar spirit, slavery
 is sometimes said to be for the mutual
 benefit of master and slave, and of the
 country where it exists. In one case
 there is a mistake as great as ir the
 ather. This is clear. Nothing unjust,
 nothing ungenerous can be for the ben
 efit of any person, or anything. Short
 sighted mortals may hope to draw from
 some seeming selfish superiority, or
 from a gratified vanity of class, a per
 manent good; but even-handed justice
 rebukes these efforts, and with certain
 power redresses the wrong. The
 whites thernsel/esjare injured by the
 separation. Who can doubt this?
 With the law as their monitor, they
 are taught to regard a portion of the
 human family, children of God, created
 in his image, co-equal in his love, as
 a separate and degraded class—th?y
 are taught practically to deny that
 grand revelation of Christianity—the
 Brotherhood ofMankind. Their hearts
 while yet tender with childhood, are
 necessarily hardened by this conduct,
 and their subsequent lives, perhaps,
 bear enduring testimony to this legali
 zed uncharitablcness. Nursed in the
 sentiment of Caste, receiving it with
 the earliest food of knowledge, they
 are unable to eradicate it from their
 natures, and then weakly and impious
 ly charge upon their Heavenly Father
 the prejudice which they have derived
 from an unchristian school, and which
 they continue to embody and perpetu
 ate in their institutions. Their char
 acters are debased, and they become
 less fit for the magnanimous duties of
 a good citizen.
 The Helots of Sparta were obliged to
 intoxicate themselves, that they might
 teach to the children of their masters
 the deformity of intemperance. In
 thus sacrificing one class to the other,
 both were degraded—the imperious
 Spartan and the abased Helot. But
 it is with a similar double-edged injus
 tice tout the School Committee of Bos
 ton have acted, in sacrificing the col
 ored children to the prejudice or fanci
 ed advantage of the while.
 It is fit that a child should be taught
 to shun wickedness, and, as he is yet
 plastic to receive impressions, to shun
 wicked men. Horace was right, when,
 speaking of a person morally wrong,
 false and unjust, he called him black,
 saying,
 —hie niger wt, buac ta, Ron:unt, caf*to.
 The Boston Committee adopt the
 warning, but apply it, not to those
 black in heart, but only black in skin
 They forget the admonition addressei
 I to the prophet: “But the Lord said on
 to Samuel, look not on hi» countenance
 for the Lord seelh not as man seeth
 for man looketh on the outward ap
 pearance, but the Lord looketh at Ik
 Wt.” (I Samuel, chap 16, v, 7.)
 Who can say, that this dew net io
jure the blacks? Theirs, in its best
 estate, is an unhappy lot. Shut out by
 a still lingering prejudice from many
 social advantages, a despised class,
 they feel this proscription from the
 Public Schools as a peculiar brand.
 Beyond this, it deprives them of those
 healthful animating influences which
 would come from a participation in the
 studies of their white brethren. It
 adds to their discouragements. It wi
 dens their separation from the rest of
 the community, and postpones that
 great day of reconciliation which is sure
 to come.
 The whole system of public schools
 suffers also. It is a narrow perception
 of their high aim which teaches that
 they are merely to furnish to all the
 scholars an equal amount in knowledge,
 and that, therefore, provided all be
 taught, it is of little consequence where
 and in what company it be done. The
 law contemplated not only that they
 shall all be taught, but that they shall
 be taught all together. Tney are not
 only to receive equal quantities ol
 knowledge, but all are to receive it in
 the same way. All are to approach
 together the same common fountain;
 nor can there be any exclusive scource
 for any individual or any class. The
 school is the little world in which the
 child is trained for the larger world of
 life. It must, therefore, cherish and
 develop the virtues and the sympathies
 which are employed in the larger world.
 And since, according to our institutions
 all classes meet, without distinction of
 color, in the perfonnrnce of civil duties
 so should they all meet, without dis
 tinction of color, in the school, begin
 ning there those relations of equality
 which our Constitution and laws prom
 ise to all.
 As the State receives strength from
 the unity and solidarity of its citizens,
 without distinction of class, so tho
 school receives new strength from the
 unity and solidarity of all classes be
 neath its root. In this way, the poor,
 the humble, the neglected, share not
 only the companionship of their more
 favored brethren, but enjoy also the
 protection of their presence, in drawing
 towards the school a more watchful su
 perintendence. A degraded or neg
 lected class if left to themselves, will
 become more degraded or neglected.
 To him that hath shall be given; and
 the world, true to these words, turns
 from the poor and outcast to the rich
 and fortunate. It is the aim of our
 system of Public Schools, by the blend
 ing of all classes, to draw upon the
 whole school the attention which is too
 apt to be given only to the favored few
 and thus secure to the poor their por
 tion of the fruitful sunshine. But the
 colored children, placed apart by them
 selves, are deprived of this blessing.
 Nothing is more clear than that the
 welfare of classes, as well as of indi
 viduals, is promoted by mutual ac
 quaintance. The French and English
 or a long time regarded as natural en
 emies, have at list, from amort inti
 mats communion, found themselves to
 be natural friends. Prejudice is the
 child of ignorance. It is sure to pre
 vail where people do not know each
 other. Society and intercourse are
 means established by Providence for
 human improvement. They remove
 antipathies, promote mutual adaptation
 and conciliation, and establish relations
 of reciprocal regard. Whoso sets up
 barriers there, thwarts the ways ol
 Providence, crosses the tendencies of
 human nature, and directly interferes
 with the laws of God.
 May it please your Honors: Such
 are some of the the things which it has
 occured to me to say in this important
 cause. I have occupied much ol vour
 time, but I nave not yet exhausted the
 topics. Still, which way soever we
 tt rn, we are brought back to one sin
 gle proposition —the equality of men be
 fore the laic. This stands as the migh
 ty guardian of the rights of the colored
 children in this case. It is the con
 stant, ever-present, tutelary genius of
 this commonwealth, frowning upon ev
 ery privilege of birth, upon every dis
 tinction of race, upon every institution
 ofsCaste. You cannot slight it, or
 avoid it. You cannot restrain it. It
 remains that you should welcome it.
 Do this, and your words will be a
 “charter and freehold of rejoicing” to
 a race which has earned by much
 suffering a title to much regard.
 Your judgement will become a sacred
 landmark, not in jurisprudence only,
 but in the history of Freedom, giving
 precious encouragement to alt the wea
 ry and heavy-laden wayfarers in this
 great cause. Massachusetts will then,
 through you, have a fresh title to re
 gard, and be once more, as in times
 past, an example to the whole land.
 You have already banished slavery
 from this Commonwealth. I call upon
 you now to obliterate the last of its
 footprints, and to banish the lad
 of the hateful spirits in its train, thal
 can be reached by this Court. The
 law interfering to prohibit marriagei
 between blacks and whites, has beei
 abolished by the Legislature. Th&lt;
 railroads, which, imitating the Bostoi
 schools, placed colored people in I
 ear by themselves, have been compel
 led, under the influence of an awaden
 ed public sentiment, to abandon thi
 regulation, and to allow them to min
 gle with other travellers. It is only re
 cently that i have read that his Excel
 lency the present Govenor of Msssa
 chusetts, food his seat in a car by th
 side of a negro. It is in the Cast
 schools of Boston that the prejudice
 t color has sought its final legal refugt
 It is for you to drive it forth. You
 will when yon rebuke end correct is
ROCHESTER, N. Y.,’ FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1850.
dividual offences; but it is a higher of
 fice far to rebuke and correct a vicious
 institution. Each individual is limited
 in his influence; but an institution has
 the influence of numbers organized by
 law. The charity of one man may
 counteract or remedy the uncharitable
 ness of an established institution.
 Against it private benevolence is pow
 erless. It is a monster which mast be
 hunted down by the public, and by it.*
 constituted authorities. Arid suc'vljg,
 the institution of Caste m the rublfc
 Schools of Boston, w hich now awaits
 its jnst condemnation from a just
 Court.
 The civilization of the age joins in
 this appeal. It is well known that this
 prejudice of color is peculiar to our
 country. You have not forgotten that
 two youth of African blood only recent
 ly gained the highest honors in.the col
 lege at Paris, and dined on the same
 day with the king of France, the des
 cendant of St. Louis, at the palace ol
 the Tuilleries. And let me add, if 1
 may refer to my own experience, that
 in Paris, I have sat for weeks, at the
 School of Law, on the same benches
 with colored persons, listening, like
 myself, to the learned lectures of Dt
 grando and of Rossi—the last is ths
 eminent minister who has unhappily
 fallen beneath the dagger of a Roman
 assassin; nor do I remember observing
 in the throng of sensitive young men
 by whom they were surrounded, any
 feeling towards them except of com
 panionship and respect. In Italy, at
 the Convent of Pallazuola, on the
 shores of the Alban Lake, and on the
 site of the ancient Alba Longa, I have
 seen, for several days, a native ot
 Abyssinia, only recently conducted
 from his torrid home, and ignorant of 1
 the language that was spoken about
 him, yet mingling with the Franciscan;
 friars, whose guest and scholar he was,
 in delightful and affectionate familial i-!
 ty. In these examples may be dis
 cerned the Christian spirit.
 And, finally, it is this spirit that 1
 invoke. Where this prevai/s, there is
 neither Jew nor Gentile, Greek nor
 barbarian, bond nor free; but all are
 alike. It is from this that we derive
 new and solemn assurance of the
 equality of mankind, as an ordinance
 of God.' The bodies of men may be
 unequal in beauty or strength; these
 mortal clouks of flesh inay differ, as!
 do theg« worldly garments; theag in-j
 tellectual faculties may vary,*\fc do!
 the opportunities of action, and trie ad
 vantages of position; but amidst all
 unessential differences there isanes-j
 sential agreement and equality. Dives
 and Lazarus were equal in the sight j
 of God. They must be equal in the
 sight of all just institutions.
 But this is not all. The vaunted
 superiority of the white race imposes
 upon it corresponding duties. The
 faculties with which they are endowed,
 and the advantages which they possess,
 are to be exercised for the good of all.
 If the colored people are ignorant, de
 graded, and unhappy, then should they
 be the especial objects of your care. l
 From the abundance of your posses
 sions you must seek to remedy their
 lot. And this Court, which is as a
 parent to all the unfortunate children of
 the Commonwealth, will show ftsclf
 most truly parental, when it reaches
 down, and, with the strong arm of the
 law, elevates, encourages, and protects
 its colored fellow-citizens.
From tke Liberator.
 Last autumn, when President
 Taylor was making his tour at the
 North, and his presence was daily ex
 pected in Boston, the following cogent
 appeal to his conscience was drawn up
 in behalf of the Managers of the Mas
 sachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, and
 designed to have been officially pre
 sented to him on his arrival. As cir
 cumstances prevented his contemplated
 visit, of ccurse the letter was not deli
 vered', but. its publication is now con
 sidered desirable.
 LETTER TO PRESIDENT TAYLOR.
 Boston, Sept. 1, 1819.
 To Zachary Taylor,
 President of the United States.
 Sir —ln behalf of the Massachusetts
 Anti-Slavery Society, composed of the
 friends of immediate and unconditional
 emancipation, the undersigned feel
 morally bound to lay before you some
 of the reasons why they cannot unite
 in any puolic or private manifeStatiojis
 of pleasure at your presence in the
 Commonwealth.
 Standing aloof, as they do, from
 every political party in the land, they
 are not actuated by any partisan spirit,
 but by the strongest moral convictions
 of duty. They make no apology for
 addressing you, as none is needed in
 so strong)a case. They do not wish or
 design to give offence, or to be lacking
 in due respect; on the contrary, their
 aim is to rouse y our conscience aud to
 i soften your heart, in order that you
 i may feel irresistibly impelled to the
 performance of an act, demanded alike
 i by the diotates of nature and the com
 i inands of God—namely, the liberation
 of all your staves.
 You are the chief magistrate of a
 i nation claiming to be free, republican,
 Christian. The office ceases to de
 serve respect, when the people dese
 crate it by the election of a tyrant to
 fill it. You do not owe your election
 j to any virtues that adorn the human
 s character, to any merits that give
 f lustre to human life, to any deeds that
 deserve human applauae. For your
 o victories in a wantonly aggressive war
 upon nation equally impotent and
god is the father of us all, and all men are brethren.
unoffending—a war haring for its prime
 object the extension and perpetuation
 of human slavery, by the conquest an&lt;!
 annexation of new territories foi
 these, and for nothing else, were you
 hurried from the camp into the Presi
 dential chair. The real object of that
 inglorious and iniquitous war, you
 knew too well, to admit of the slightest
 justification for your conduct. You
 have been the successful perpetrator of
 robbery, murder, and other atrocities,
 on a"gigantic scale; and your reward
 haa been found in the votes and the
 applauses of a people laden with ini
 quity,’—whose hands are full of blood,
 whose hypocrisy and oppression sur
 pass all that is recorded of the ancient
 Jews, —and who glory in their shame.
 But, aside from your deep participa
 tion in a war urifcirpassed for the enor
 mity of its object, you are holding in
 slavery, for your sole benefit and as
 absolute property, men, women and
 children, created in the image of God,
 and born with an inalienable right to
 liberty. No language can describe
 the cruelty and impiety of such an
 act, in all its legitimate consequences.
 Where is your justification Is it that
 you gave a fair pecuniary equivalent
 for your victims as marketable com
 modities? But you knew that they
 could rightly belong to no human pos
 sessor, and that none but God could
 truly say, ‘Those souls are mine.’
 You could not rationally doubt that He
 created them, like the rest of the hu
 man race, a little lower than the
 angels, and crowned them with glory
 and honor. In one sense only are any
 of the humau family legitimately
 bought with a price,’ and then only
 that they be not the servants of men,’
 and that they may glorify God in their
 bodies and spirits which are his,’ which
 they cannot do while held in a state of
 beastly servitude. In vain will you
 try to shield yourself from condemna
 tion as one guilty of the highest kind
 of theft.’ You are a man-stealer;
 honored, flattered, 'caressed and e\-
 toiled, it is true, but still a man-steal
 er; and the hire of the laborers who
 have reaped -down your fields, which
 is of you kept back by fraud, cries un
 ceasingly to heaven.
 It is said that you are an honest
 man. This cannot be true, as you aie
 daily plundering those whom you are
 driving to unrequited toil under the
 lash of brutal drivers. It is said that
 you are a brave man. But a brave
 man never yet struck down every bar
 rier of womanly protection, and gave
 her over to pollution and stripes. The
 honesty that is current among a dis
 honest people—the bravery that is ap
 plauded by those who tread the weak
 and helpless, like ashes, under their
 feet—is assuredly spurious. It is said
 that you are fatherly in your feelings
 and affections. If this were so, you
 could not steal from their cradles the
 babes of slave mothers on your planta-
 tions, nor sell those mothers at public
 or private vendue. It is said that you
 are not inflated with pride or vanity.
 But what is that state of mind which
 looks down upon human beings as
 only fit to be registered with cattle and
 swine, and aspires to be among the
 largest proprietors of them? No mat
 ter what sycophants may day of you—
 the idol, the altar, the incense, the
 worshippers, are all to be put in the
 same category.
 To be placed over a people, that re
 duce to the condition of things three
 millions of their number—at the head
 of a nation, in which slave-holding,
 slave-breeding and slave-trading are
 lawful transactions—is not an honor
 able distinction, but only to be conspi
 cuous among the wicked. As you
 make your presidential tour from State
 to State, they may extend to you the
 welcome hand, and shout at your ap
 proach; but, high above their acclam
 mations and the roar of cannon, the
 shrieks and groans of crushed and fet
 tered millions shall ascend, and pierce
 the ear of Him who proclaims, Woe
 unto the wicked! it shall be ill with
 him; for the reward of his hands shall
 be given him. 1
 A Southern man by birth—an exten
 sive slaveholder and planter you
 know what slavery is, both in its legal
 forms and practical bearings. Yost
 know it is the quenching of intellectual
 light, the barrier to moral growth, the
 destruction of manhood, the abrogation
 of the marriage institution, the hot-bed
 of every species of immorality, the
 climax of tyranny. You know it
 curses the soil on which it rests, pul
 lies the American character, exposes
 the land to dire calamities and exter
 minating judgments, and cansjb its
 footsteps everywhere to be marked bj
 pollution and blood. You know that it
 dethrones the Almighty, and exalts the
 slaveholder above ail that is called
 God;' that it renders impossible among
 Us victims, the sanctity of wedlock, the
 protection of the sacred relations of
 life, the growth of virtue, the cultiva
 tion of mind; and that to slaves belong
 neither homes nor firesides—neither
 their bodies nor their souls. Yet
 knowing all this, you connive at it all,
 assent to it all, practise it all; and,
 therefore, are unworthy of tbe coun
 tenance of any but tbe most execrable
 of mankiod.
 Your parasites call you the second
 Washington.’ In one particular, you
 can surpass the first. He liberated
 bis slaves only in the hour of death;
 you can liberate yours in the vigor of
 health, and thus exhibit greater moral
 courage and ft higher sense of justice.
 A» Pnaidont of th« Uoilod S»te.,
 «a. “rrr:r.r c,p N‘:
 U9O, by ÜbtrMing «I 1 /oar No
j matter what may be the immediate
 j consequences of such an act to yotu
 reputation, pecuniary interest, or per
 sonal safety. It will be sure to bring
 upon you the reproaches of the vile,
 the sneers of the inhuman, the cursei
 of the traffickers in human flesh; bui
 it will also secure for you the grateful
 offerings of the emancipated, the joys
 of ap approving conscience, and the
 smiles and benedictions of God.
 In behalf of the Board of Managers
 of the ManwirnnH* So
 ciety,
 FRANCIS JACKSON, President.
 Edmund Quincy, Secretary.
 From the N. Y. Tribune.
 BILLS FOR THE ADMISSION OF
 CALIFORNIA.
 In the House of Representatives on
 the 17th ult. Mr. Doty submitted the
 following Bill to admit the State of
 California into the Union:
 Whereas, the people of California
 have formed for themselves a Constitu
 tion and State Government, and applied
 for admission into the Union as a
 State, and whereas the said Constitu
 tion has been officially communicated
 to Congress, and is republican
 Tnerefore,
 Be it enacted, That the State of
 California, with the boundaries describ
 in the said Constitution, shall be one,
 and is hereby declared to be one, of;
 the United States of America, and ad
 mitted into the Union on an equal foot
 ing with the original States in all re
 spects whatever.
 Section 2. The said State of Cali
 fornia shall never interfere with the
 primary disposal of the soil within the
 same by the United States, nor with j
 any regulations Congress may make
 for securing the title in such soil to
 bona fide purchasers thereof; and no
 tax shall be imposed on lands the pro
 perty of the United States; which said
 provisions are hereby declared to be
 fundamental conditions upon which the
 said State is admitted into the Union.
 Mr. Gbeen submitted the following
 as an amendment to the proposition of
 Mr. Doty:
 Provided, however, That the South
 ern boundary of the State of California
 shall be the parallel of latitude of
 thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes:
 And provided further, That the line of
 thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes
 of north latitude, known as the Missou
 ri compromise line as defined by the
 eighth section of an act entitled “An act
 to authorize the people of the Missouri
 Territory, to form a Constitution and
 Slate Government, and for the admis
 sion of such State into the Union on an
 equal fooling with the original States,
 and to prohibit Slavery in certain Ter
 ritories,” approved March 6, 1820, be,
 and the same is hereby, declared to ex
 tend to the Pacific Ocean, and the said
 eighth section,togetherwitfi the compro
 mise therein effected, is hereby revived,
 and declared to be in full force and
 binding for the future organization of
 the United States, in the same sense
 and with the same understanding with
 which it was originally adopted.
 Mr. R. M. McLane submitted the
 following as a substitute for the propo
 sition of Mr. Doty:
 Whereas, The people of a portion of
 the Territory of California, did, on the
 day of in the year one thou
 sand eight hundred and forty-nine, by
 a Convention of Delegates, called and
 assembled for that purpose, form for
 themselves a Constitution and State
 Government, which Constitution and
 State Government, so formed, is repub
 lican; and whereas, the number of in
 habitants within the said Territory be
 ing citizens of the United States ex
 ceeds one hundred thousand persons;
 and whereas it is deemed expedient and
 proper, that the ConstitutigA and State
 Government which the have
 formed for themselves be, and the same
 is hereby, accepted, ratified, and con
 firmed, except so much thereof as re
 lates to and defines the boundaries of
 said State,
 Be it enacted by the Senate and House
 of Representatives of the States
 of America in Congress assembled, That
 the State of California shall be oee,
 and is hereby declared to be oop of
 the foiled States of America, and ad
 mitted into the Union on an equal foct
 ing with thw original States, in all qjjg
 spects whatever, and the said SlaH
 shall consist of all territories acquired
 by the United States from the republic
 of Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe
 Hidalgo, lyjhig west of the western
 boundary of th* Territory of New-
 Mexico, as laid down and defined oo
 Disturuel’s map attached to said treaty;
 and until otherwise provided for, the
 jurisdiction of the State of Texas shall
 be extended over the said Territory
 of.New-Mexieo, aiw so much of the
 same as lies west of the western fosnd
 ary of Texas,as the exmting
 laws and statutes of'Bhb, is hereby
 ceded to the State ofreserving
 to the United States alljmrar and aP
 thority to sell, dispose 04, and regulate
 the sale of the vacant unsold lands be
 longing to the United States as Jrifras
 the same right is herein
 in the said State of California; IVbvid
 ed always, That this admission is uporr
 the express condition that the said Stat|
 shall oonsist of and have jurisdiction
 over all the said Territory, and over
 none other: Jnd provided further That
 a compliance with this fundamental con
 dition ot admission shall be manifestd
 by the assent ot a Convention of Dele
 gates elected by the people of the said
 Sut». for th, purpose of giving tho
 sent herein required; and as soon as
 the assent herein required shell be fit
WHOLE NO. 117.
J en, the President of the United States
 •hall announce the same by proclama
 tion; and thereupon, and without any
 further proceedings on the part of Con
 gress' the admission of the said State
 into the Union as one of the United
 States of America, on an equal footing
 as aforesaid with the original Statss in
 all respects whatever, shall be consid
 ered as complete, and the Senators and
 Representatives who may be elected
 by the said state as its representation
 frjhVgaMCTW Of “WtJSUIM
 shall be jsituned to tm mail in
 the Senate and House of Represents
 tives respectively without further de
 lay.
 §2. And be it further enacted, That
 nothing in this act contained or in the
 admission of the said State into the
 Union as one of the United States of
 America upon an equal footing with the
 original States in all respects whatever,
 shall be constructed or understood as
 to confer upon the people, Legislature,
 or other authorities of the said State of
 California, any authority or right to in
 terfere with the sale or disposition by
 the United States, and under their au
 thority, of the vacant and unsold lands
 within the limits of said State, hut that
 the subject of the public lands, and the
 interest which may be given to the said
 State therein, shall be regulated by fu
 ture action between Congress, on the
 part of the United States, and the said
 State, or the authorities thereof. And
 the said State of California shall in no
 case, and under no pretence whatso
 ever, impose any tax, assessment, or
 imposition of any description, upon any
 of the lands of the United States within
 its limits.
 §3. And be it further enacted, That
 until the next general census shall be
 taken, the said State of California shall
 be entitled to two Representatives in
 :he United States.
 §4. And be it further enacted, Tha
 ill the laws of the United States, whice
 ire not locally inapplicable shall havh
 he same force and effect within the
 said State of California as elsewhere
 within the United States.
 THEY SAY
 Well what if they do? It may not be
 true. A great many talse reports are
 circulated, and the reputation of a
 gltod man may be sadly sullied by a
 baseless rumor. Have you any reason
 to better e that what they say concern
 ing your brother is true? If not, why
 should you permit your name to be
 included among the "they’* who circu
 late a scandal
 They say Who says? Is any
 person responsible for the assertion?
 Such phrases are frequently used to
 conceal the point of a poignard, who
 thus meanly strikes one whom he dare
 not openly assail. Are you helping
 the cowardly attack? If "they" means
 nobody, then regard the rumor as no
 hing.
 They say Why do they say so?
 Is any good purpose secured by the
 circulation of the report? Will it bene
 fit the individual to have it known; cr
 will any interests of society be promo
 ted by whispering it about? If not,
 jrou had better employ time and speech
 to some more worthy purpose.
 They say .To whom do they
 lay it To those who have no busi
 ness with the affair? To those who
 cannot help it or mend it, or prevent
 any unpleasant results? That certainly
 shows a tattling, scandal-loving spirit
 that ought to be rebuked.
 They say Well, do they say it
 to him Or are they very careful to
 whisper it in places where he cannot
 hear, and to persons who are known
 not to be his friends? Would they
 dare to say it to him, as well as about
 him? No one has a right to say that
 concerning another which h« is|not
 ready to speak in his own ear.
 They say- Well, suppose it is
 true. Are you not sorry for it; or do
 you rejoice that a brother has been dis
 covered erring. Oh, pity him, if he
 has fallen into sin, and ptay for him
 that he may be forgiven and restored.
 If it should be true, don’t bruit k
 aboad to his Mury. It will not benefit
 you, nor hiwaor society, to
 his faults. Hu are as liableHftbe
 slandered, or to err, as your bnOpr,
 and as you would that be should deiei'd,
 er excuse, er forgive you, do you even
 so to him.— Watchman &lt;Sr Reflector.
 JgLvmMW Slaves. •—Some five
 jjypß ago,Hk Sampson Saunders, a
 wealthy gei* Rufegt' virgin** made
 preparatiomßHgffig|B establishment ot
 his slaves, in Michigan.
 Death prev«|HHEs from personaly
 carrying it but he commit
 ted it to the hanlrof his friends, and
 with the deed of commission, the sum
 of $15,000 to carry the settlement into
 practice. Since then a place has been
 purchased in Cassopolis, and 100
 freed slaves have been located sers
 Comfortably. Some Whf slav*Jr fcad
 considerable sums in the hinds of Mr.
 Saunders, one of them $l5OO, others
 ofwhich haa been peltl eieele him.
 Some ogrtion of thh wae used
 Jor UHppurchaae oflllNßM#
 to other
 uioet instances the slaves *PP* t ®Pjl£ te
 their earomp to free their mothers
 from bondmm.
 W
 The Jaws irt Hecklenburg-Sch**-
 jus. —The aci for the complete eman
 cipation of the Jews of this duchy,
 which was puhlished on the 15th ult.,
 Uw of the land,
 Jcw»K Chromkj
