Poelra.
For the North Star.
 ODE TO MUSIC.'
 T Jilll If. WBITriELD.
 1 here’s music wheresoe’er we roam—
 ’Tin beard iu ocean's crested foam,
 And in the billows’ deafening roar,
 Which madly burst upon the shora;
 They sing ol Heaven’s eternal Lord,
 Who calms their raging by bis word.
 There’s music in the gentle breeze,
 Which softly blows among the trees,
 Shaking fresh fragrance from the flowers,
 In blooming held* and shady bowers;
 1 hey sing of Him whose power below,
 Caused trees, and grass, and flowers to grow.
 There's music in the numerous herds,
 Scattered about o’er hills and plains.
 And in the flocks of feathered birds,
 Who in a thousand varied strains,
 Praise Him whose all-creating word
 Brought into being beast and bird.
 There’s music in the tempest’s sound,
 That darkly sweeps across the wave,
 And hangs its shadowy pall around
 The shipwrecked sailor’s ocean grave;
 Where the wild waste of waters yell,
 Through caverns deep and dark as hell!
 It speaks of His almighty power,
 Whose urm is ever stretched to save,
 Who in death’s dark and trying hour,
 Can thed a halo round the grave;
 And make the ocean’s yawniDg cavern
 A glorious entrance into heaven.
 There’s music in lit* thunder’s roar,
 Which peals along the vault of heaven,
 While torrents from the mountains pour.
 And trees by the dread bolt are riven
 Seen by the fiery element,
 The earth, aud sky, and sea seem blent.
 It tells of Him whose wondrous power
 Can make the lightning do las will,
 And sends the cool refreshing shower
 Upon the just and unjust still;
 And whispers in a still small voice,
 To all the sons of earth, Rejoice!
 But leave this scene of doubts and fears,
 And swift on fancy’s pinions fly,
 Aad bear the music of the spheres
 Resounding sweetly through the sky;
 They sing of Him, ih’ incarnate Word—
 Man’s Savior, Heaven’s Almighty Lord!
 Where’er we turn, music is found,
 With all its Heaven-born power to chnrai,
 To lull us with its sootning sound.
 And shed around a holy balm—
 Pure as the thrilling, heavenly strains,
 From angel’s harps, on Judah’s plains.
 Shall man, rescued from death and hell,
 Shall be alone refuse to raise
 His feeble voice, the song to swell
 Unto his great Creator’s praise?
 While seraphs and archangels join
 The blissful harmony divine.
 Then let our tongues fresh music make,
 And sound his wondrous praise abroad;
 Aud when the Universe shall quake,
 And Nature quail before her God,
 We’ll join the angels’ choir aliove,
 And sing our Lord’s unchanging love.
 From the Christian Citizen.
 LIFE’S CONTRASTS.
 Contrasts, strange and startling,
 Dost thou wish to see?
 Fear not then, cerae hither,
 Look around w ith uie;
 Aud in mental vision,
 View the calm and strife,
 See the joys and sorrows
 On the stage of life.
 Crowned with orange blossoms.
 There a fair young bride,*
 Kneels before the altar,
 At Iter loved one’s side.
 Here a train ol mourners
 Bear their sacred trust,
 And to the cold earth’s keeping,
 Commit its kindred dust.
 Marriage peal and funeral knell
 Mingle in tlie air;
 The sounds of joy and sadness,
 Bright hope and dark despair.
 Within this princely mansion,
 A son and heir is born;
 Joy brightens every countenance,
 On the- auspicious morn,
 lu yonder castled dwelling,
 A gentle mother dies,
 J ust as her first-born treasure
 Opens on earth its eyes.
 Again the bells are sounding,
 Aud again they tell the tale,
 Of the glad heart’s gry rejoiciug,
 Of the sad heart’s bitter wail.
 There, view the happy meeting
 Of friends for long years sundered';
 Here, the sad parting visit
 To one whose days arc numbered.
 There, glowing hearts are mingling.
 Communion sweet to prove;
 Here, by the couch of sickness.
 Watches untiring love.
 Glad words of cordial greeting,
 From the soul's depths gushing warm,
 Meet with the sounds of sorrow,
 On the winds of heaven borne.
 Such are life’s contrasts —telling
 Of human joy and woe;
 Of the happiness and misery,
 Each child of earth must know.
 No tale from old romances,
 With more startling change is rife,
 Than the spirit-written chronicle
 Of the varied scenes of life.
 Elizabeth.
 Modblbv, (Eng.)
 From the Pittsburgh Saturday V isiter.
 THE DYING POET.
 BT T. H. CBIVERS, M.D.
 1 feel the daisies growing over me.”— Ktat*'
 Dying Worth.
 A little while this storm shall rage,
 And then ’twill all be o’er—
 The cold, dark blood wit! then engage
 Mv beating lieart no more*
 The fiery soul thef fed on love,
 From this worn frame must part,
 And then, forevermore, above,
 Live mateless from my heart!
 The dismal shadowy Vale that lies
 lu Death’s dark region there,
 r* now betweeu my tearful eyes
 Aud Heaven—where all is fair.
 My young years’ youngest flowers that grew
 And garlanded my brow,
 Are slain beneath the heavy dew,
 Aad all are withered now!
 I sea that earth cannot suffice
 To give my spirit rent:
 I now will go above the skies,
 Andisnf among the blest.
ittisceilaneous.
BACON.
 The January number of the Chris
 tian Parlor Magazine contains a valu
 able article upon the religious charac
 ter of Lord Bacon, by the Rev. Albert
 Barnes, from which we select the fol
 lowing beautiful and truthful para
 ghaphs. [Christian Times.
 It is not easy to form an estimate of
 Bacon’s religious character. We are
 favored with so few and imperfect de
 tails of his private habits; we have so
 little that tells us the true biography of
 the man—his feelings, his usual de
 portment, his private modes of action;
 we are let so littfe into the interior ar
 rangements of his life, that we cannot
 easily pronounce on his personal char
 acter. Charity would lead us to hepe,
 notwithstanding his fondness for pre
 ferment, and the great error of his
 life, that he may have exemplified in
 his private life the principles which he
 has so ably and so constantly inculca
 ted. On the subject of his religious
 opinions he has left us no room to
 doubt. There is scarcely to be found
 in any language, or in any writer, so
 constant a reference to the great religi
 ous interest of man, as in the writings
 of Bacon. There is no where to be
 found a more profound defence to the
 authority of the Bible. There is per
 haps no where more caution displayed,
 lest the profoundness, variety, com
 pass, and originality of investigation
 should lead the mind astray, than in
 his investigations. It was one of his
 recorded sentiments—one of the results
 of his investigations, which he has ex
 pressed without hesitancy or qualifica
 tion, “that a little philosophy inclineth
 a man to atheism: but depth in philoso
 phy bringeth man’s minds about to re
 ligion; for while the mind of man look
 eth upon second causes scattered, it
 may sometimes rest in them and go no
 further; but when it beholdeth the chain
 of them confederate and linked togeth
 er, it must deeds fly to Providence and
 Deity.’’ His belief he has left us in a
 well-written confession of his faith,
 embracing the usual articles of the
 Christian religion. His prayers, which
 are preserved, breathe a spirit of true
 devotion, in a style and form which are
 not surpassed by any compositions of
 that period, in our language. It would
 be easy to transcribe page after page
 of his recorded sentiments; and we
 might trace at every step of his life his
 profound deference for the theology of
 the Bible.
 We do not believe that the Christian
 religion depends for its evidence on
 the suffrage of any one philosopher; or
 on the bright constellation of names
 which have expressed their profound
 regard for the truths of revelation.
 Still a Christian cannot but look with
 deep interest on the fact that such men
 as Bacon, and Boyle, and Newton,
 bowed their mighty intellects to the au
 thority of revelation; came and brought
 all the rich and varied treasures of
 their profound investigation, and laid
 them at the foot of the cross; and spent
 their lives increasingly impressed with
 the belief that the God of nature is al
 so the God of the Bible. While we do
 not claim, that on their authority the
 Scriptures should be accredited as the
 word of God, we do claim that they
 should be allowed to rebuke the flip
 pancy of youthful aad unfledged infi
 delity; that they should be permitted to
 summon men to inquire, before they
 pronounce; we claim that their authori
 ty is sufficient to call on the youthful
 skeptic to pause, and to suspect that
 possibly he may be wrong. When
 i mighty minds like those have left their
 recorded assent to the truths of the
 I Christian scheme, it is not too much
 jto ask of minds of far lees power to
 sit down and inquire, at least, whether
 Christianity may not have come from
 God. When Newton, after having
 surveyed world on world and measured
 the heavens, and placed himself for
 profound inquiry at the head of man
 kind, sat down in the full maturity* of
 his days, and passed the vigor of his
 life, and the serene evening of his
 honored age in the contemplation of
 the New Testament: when Bacon, after
 having rescued science from the accu
 mulated darkness and rubbish of two
 thousand years; after having given
 lessons to all mankind about the just
 mode of investigating nature; and after
 having traversed the circle of the sci
 ences, and gained all that past genera
 tions had to teach, and having carried
 forward the inquiry far into nature,
 bowed at every step to the authority'of
 the Bible; when Hale, learned in the
 law, not only believed Christianity to
 be true, but adorned the Christian pro
 fession by a most humble life; when
 Boerhave, perfectly acquainted with
 the human frame, and skilled in the
 healing art, sat with the simplicity of a
 child at the feet of Jesus Christ; when
 Locke gave the testimony of his power
 ful mind to the truth of the Christian
 religion; when Davy, first of chemists,
 came on this subject to the same results
 as the analyzer’of light, the inventer
 of fluxious, and the demonstrator of the
 theory of gravitation; as the author of
 the Novum Organum; and the writer
 of the treatise on the Human Under
 standing; when each science has thus
 contributed its founder, its ornament,
 and its head, as a witness to the truth
 of the Christian religion, if is not too
 much to conclude it may be something
 different from priestcraft and impos
 ture. When we turn from these lights
 of men—these broad stars that spread
 their beams over all the firmament of
 science, and seek after the wandering
 and dim luminaries of infidelity—when
 we make a sober estimate of what the
 high priests of unbelief have done for
 the advancement of science, and the
 welfare of mao, we are struck with
 the prodigious advance we have made
 into chilly and tenebrated regions. We
 have passed amid spirits of another
 order. We wander in climes' as re
 mote almost from science, as from
 Christianity. We should know where
 we are as readily by their superficial,
 but pompous pretensions; by dark, but
 most confident scientific claims; by er
 roneous, wandering, but most flippant
 demands in science, as we do by their
 infuriated and bitter raging against the
 claims of the Christian religion. Who
 are these men? Volney, Diderot,
 D’Alembert, Voltaire, Paine; Herbert
—tbe best and greatest of them—Shat
 tesbury, Tindal Morgan, Bolingbroke
 Gibbon, Hume. What hare they eve
 done for science? What advance
 have they ever made So far aa wi
 know not one of them has any preten
 siona to what gives immortality to th&lt;
 names of Boyle, Locke Newton, Ba
 con, Hale. What valuable fact hav&lt;
 they ever presented in science? Wha
 new principle have they originated, 01
 illustrated What department of sci
 ence have they adorned. Not a mar
 of them has ever trod the region that
 constituted the glory of England, anc
 of the world—the regions of profounc
 science; ofdeep,and penetrating inves
 tigation of the works of nature. In the
 spirit of such men, science would stili
 have slumbered in the regions of eter
 nal night; and infidelity, but for Chris
 tian men, might have swayed a sceptre
 as she desired, over regions of pro
 found and boundless shades of igno
 rance and crime. When such have
 been the apostles and high priests ol
 unbelief—such the hosts which thej
 have mustered, we feel that, apart from
 all argument in th** case, we would ra
 ther accord with the sentiments of the
 great luminaries of mankind in science;
 and that it is not unworthy of reason
 and elevated thought to suppose, that
 true religion may be found where we
 have found every other valuable bles
 sing for mankind; and that the system,
 attended every where with science, re
 finement and art, and that has shed
 light on the intellect, and honor on the
 names of Lock, and Boyle, and Bacon,
 is the system with which God intended
 in hi pa ft ntpvt
HORRIBLE SCENE IN A CREEK
 CHURCH IN JERUSALEM
 In Curzon’s visit to the Monasteries
 of the Levant, the following instance
 of gross deception and mummery on
 the part of the patriarchs of the Greek
 Church is related, which was attended
 with the most tragic consequences.
 Mr. Curzon, in company with Ibrahim
 Pasha, at that time in full sway over
 all Syria, proceeded to church to see
 the portent of the holy fire. As soon
 as the Great Turk was comfortuble in
 the gallery which had been reserved
 for him, the two patriarchs, who once
 in the year condescended to act in the
 same piece, performed the miracle, and
 the church was instantly the scene of
 the most hideous tumult; hundreds of
 the pilgrims, from every quarter—
 Greek, Armenian, Copt and Abyssi
 anian—rushing pell mell to light their
 lamps, with which all come provided,
 at the holy flame just descended from
 heaven at the prayer of those reverend
 personages. The two miracle mongers
 had not been above a minute in the
 Holy Sepulchre when the glimmering
 of the holy fire was seen, or imagined
 to appear; and surely bedlam never
 displayed such au unruly transport as
 was produced in the mob at that sight.
 But though there always is great dis
 turbance and serious accidents have
 often occurred, the miracle of 1834
 was followed by horrors on a scale
 wholly unaxampled; and it is fortunate
 that for a scene so monstrous we have
 the complete and living evidence of an
 English gentleman.
 Soon you saw the lights increasing
 in all directions, every one having lit
 his candle from the holy flame; the
 chapels, the galleries, and every cor
 ner where a candle could possibly be
 displayed, immediately appeared to be
 in a blaze. The people, in their fren
 zy, pu'. the bunches of lighted tapers
 to their faces, hand and breasts, to
 purify themselves from their sins.
 The patriarch was carried out of the
 sepulchre in triumph, on the shoulders
 of the people he had deceived, amid
 the cries and exclamations of joy which
 resounded from every nook of the im
 mense pile of buildings. As he ap
 peared in a hunting state, I supposed
 that he was ill; but I found that it is
 the uniform custom on these occasions
 to feign insensibility, that the pilgrims
 may imagine that he is overcome with
 the glory of the Almighty, from whose
 immediate presence they believe him
 to have returned.
 In a short time the smoke of the con
 dles obscured everything in the place,
 and I could see it rolling in great vol
 umes out of the aperture at the top of
 the dome. The smell was terrible;
 and three unhappy wretches, overcome
 by heat and bad air, fell from the up
 per range of galleries, and were dash
 ed to pieces on the heads of the people
 below. One poor Armenian lady,
 seventeen years of age, died where shs
 sat, of heat, thirst and fatigue.
 After a while, when he had seen all
 that was to be seen, Ibrahim Pasha
 got up and went away, his numerous
 guards making a line for him by main
 force throuth the dense mass of people
 which filled the body of the church.
 As the crowd was so immense, w«
 waited for a little while,and then set out
 all together to return to our convent.
 I went first, and my friends followed
 me, the soldiers making way for us
 icross the church, I got as far as the
 place where the Virgin is said to have
 stood during the crucifixion, when I
 law a number of people lying on one
 mother all about this part ofthe church,
 and as far as I could see towards the
 cloor. I made my way between them
 t well as I could, till they were so
 thick that there was actually a great
 lieap of bodies upon which trod. It
 then suddenly struck me that they
 were all dead! I had not perceived
 this at first, for I thought they were
 only very much fatigued with the cere
 monies, and had Tain down to rest
 themselves tjiere; but when I came to
 so great a heap of bodies I looked
 down at them, and saw that sharp,
 hard appearance of the face which is
 nover to be mistaken.—Many of them
 were quite black with suffocation and
 farther on were others all bloody and
 covered with the brains and entrails of
 those who bad been trodden to pieces
 by the crowd.
 At this time there was no crowd in
 this part of the church, but«little far
 ther on, round the corner toward the
 great doer, the people, who were quite
 panic-struck, continued to press for
 ward, and every one was doing the
 utmost to escape. The guards outside,
 frightened at the rush from within,
 thought that the Christians wished to
 attack them, and the confusion soon
grew into a battle. The soldiers with
 their bayonets killed numbers of faint
 ing wretches, and the walls were spat
 tered with blood and brains of men
 who had been felled, like oxen, with
 the butt-ends of the soldier’s muskets.
 Every one struggled to defend himself,
 or to get away, and all who fell were
 immediately trampled to death by the
 rest. So desperate and savage did
 the fight become, that even the panic
 struck pilgrims appeared at last to have
 been more intent upon the destruction
 of each other than desirous to save
 themselves.
 For my part, as soon as I perceived
 the danger. I had cried out to my
 companions to turn back, whicH they
 had done; but I myself was carried on
 by the press till l came near the door;
 where all were fighting for their lives.
 Here, seeing certain destruction be
 fore me, I made every endeavor to get
 back. An officer of the pasha’s who
 by his star was a colonel or bin
 bashee, equally alarmed with myself,
 was also trying to return; he caught
 hold of my cloak, or bournous, and
 pulled me down on the body of an old
 man who was breathing out his last
 sigh. As the officer was pressing me
 to the ground we wrestled together
 among the dying and the dead with
 the energy of despair. I struggled
 with this man till 1 pulled him down,
 and happily got again upon my legs—
 (l afterwards found that he never rose
 again)—and scrambling oyer a pile of
 corpses, I made my way back into the
 body of the church, where I found my
 friends, and we succeeded in reaching
 the sacristy of the Catholics and thence
 the room which had been assigned to
 us by the monks.
 The dead were lying in heaps, even
 upon the stone of unction; and I saw
 full four hundred wretched people,
 dead and living, heaped promiscuously
 one upon another, in some places
 above five feet high. Ibrahim Pasha
 had left the church.only a few minutes
 before me, and very narrowly escaped
 with his life; he was so pressed upon
 by the crowd on all sides, and it was
 said attacked by several of them, that
 it was only by the greatest exertions ol
 his suite, several ot whom were killed,
 that he gained the outer court. He
 fainted more than once in the struggle,
 and 1 was told that some of his atten
 dants at last had to cut a way for him
 with their swords through the dense
 ranks of the frantic pilgrims. He re
 mained outside, giving orders for the
 removal of the corpses, and making
 his men drag out the bodies of those
 who appeared to be still alive, from
 the heaps of the dead. He sent word
 to us to remain in the convent till all
 the bodies had been removed, and that
 when we could come out in safety he
 would again send to us.
 We stayed in our room two hours
 before we ventured to make another
 attempt to escape from this scene oi
 horror, and then, walking close toge
 ther, with all our servants round us,
 we made a bold push, and got out oi
 the church By this time most of the
 bodies were removed, but twenty or
 thirty were still lying in distorted atti
 tudes at the foot of Mount Calvary,
 and fragments of. clothes, turbans,
 shoes and handkerchief, clotted with
 blood and dirt, were strewed all over
 the pavement.
 In the court in the front of the church
 the sight was pitiable—mothers weep
 ing over their children the sons
 bending over the dead bodies of their
 fathers—and one poor woman was
 clinging to the hand of her husband,
 whose body was fearfully mangled.
 Most of the sufferers were pilgrims and
 strangers. The pasha was greatly
 moved by the scene of woe, and he
 again and again commanded his offi
 cers to give the poor people every as
 sistance in their power, and very
 many, by his humane efforts, were res
 cued from death.
 I was much struck by the sight of
 two old men, with white beards, who
 had beeu seeking for each other among
 the dead; they met as I was passing
 by, and it was affecting to see them
 kiss and shake hands, and congratulate
 each other on having escaped from
 death.
 When the bodies were removed,
 many were discovered standing upright,
 quito dead; and near the church door
 one of the soldiers was found thus
 standing, with bis musket shouldered,
 among the bodies, which reached near
 ly as high as his head; this was in a
 corner near the great door on the right
 side as you come in. It seems that
 this door had been shut, so that many
 who stood near it were suffocated in
 the crowd; and when it was opened
 the rush was so great that numbers
 were thrown down and never rose
 •gain, being trampled to death by the
 press behind them. The whole court
 before the entrance of the church was
 covered with bodies laid in rows by the
 pasha’s ordders, so that their friends
 might find them and carry them away.
 As we walked home we saw numbers
 of people carried out, some dead, and
 some horribly wounded and in a dying
 state, for they had fought with their
 heavy silver inkstands and daggers.
Fashionable Manners.— There is a
 set of people whom I cannot bear—the
 pinks of fashionable propriety—whose
 every word is precise, and whose every
 movement is unexceptionable; but
 who, though versed in all the catego
 ries of polite behavior, have not a
 particle of soul or of cordiality about
 them. We allow that their manners
 may be abundantly correct. There
 m*y be elegance in every gesture,'and
 gracefulness in every position; not a
 smile out of place, and not a step that
 would not bear the measurement of
 the severest scrutiny. This is all very
 fine; but what I want is the heart and
 the gaiety of social intercourse—the
 frankness that spreads ease and ani
 matiou around it—the eye that speaks
 affability to all, that chases timidity
 from every bosom, and tells every man
 in the company to be confident and
 happy. This is what I conceive to be
 the virtue of the text, “Be courteous,”
 and not the sickening formality of those
 who walk by rule, and would reduce
 the whole of human life to a wire
 bound system of misery and constraint.
 Dr. Cftalmert' scraon in Potthumou*
 Work,.
Asylan for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. Ibe proprietor analyses every diseas e:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that applied in any Mater-care establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood tliat it is not relied oaastheea/s
 or principal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems ef practice, and are still uuable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on tlieir feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 wonld be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of thin
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseasespeculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, ami even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble n&gt;
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowel*; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, P 'es, Costiveness, Pi
 arrbcca, Suppression of ihe Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public institution in this
 country; and such lias been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to anv
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one w'h&lt;&gt; wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 «wy nil the expenses from any part of the Lluited
 .States here and hick home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to hoard them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misieptescalations and expense
 without receiving equal Itenefir, can let the proo-ie
 tor know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co: sidered.
 ’fins Institution lias grown up from private prac
 tice by file influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing lias ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the ex|&gt;ense of those who
 choose to make a cout'act in case of failure. The
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but to let it lie mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars jn trying all
 otlier systems of practice, and without nineli or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their iicds from
 five to twenty years, that there is ail Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in Uijs Institution,
 tlie number of patient* must be limited, therefote tiie
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk fronrfive to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be wade able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 .that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough cot use oftreatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on ti»e natural laws of organised matter, ami
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
Palmer's Artificial Left,
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser-
 Yicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ot
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limh, us being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Spm/tfield, Matt.,
 by Messrs. Palmf.r, Currier Hudson.
 They warrant entire eatiefaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hi MILTON and SPRAQUE,of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hooch, Syracuse sep!4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attentioi
 of Invalids, especially those suffering fron
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment n
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient,
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The Btipply of water is abundant, and ii
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bin
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and hut
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 Tlie following case illustrates tin. remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of-Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the follow ing pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other, She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with rase. Since her return to her family, sbel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl. does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of W’onlfen blankets, one pair of sheets’
 half a doten towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection oi
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. SI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manclieater Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Mualin,
 bleached and unbleached, of rarious qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding*
 Cotton Lap®; Lamp Wick: Bed Ticking, an ex’.
 celleot article; Calico, Stockings, Kmuuig Cotton.
 be. be
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 addressed to J. MiUer McKaib, SI, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L.Jdiller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. S 5, CRirch Alley.
 A large mod handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jal—tf
 Colored Sailors' Home,
 330, Pearl Street, New York,
 TpRIENnn of •km tlnYn, and strangers on a Yiait
 U to New y«m. can now be accommodated with
 aa good Board,and at as lowa prioe as in any other
 house in the city. The bouse is large and con
 -72L
 ws.p.roSreu.
Hilste4's Eclectic Meilcal Inutile,
 tit Water-Cure Establishment.
 rUS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen year*, for tbe cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients hare been restored to health and usefulness
 by tbe treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find r» lief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 bare bad renewed hope and courage when they bare
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, bare been cured J&gt;y this
 treatment after ererythiug else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA .RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR-
 Tl.'L INSANITY, and a host of oilier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their w ives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 7
 VVe are using water in all the various ways in
 w hich it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; I Hit a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ISI.BCTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, ami is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under auy other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to lie successful, which is not
 die case one lime in ten.
 Female Diseases:—Prolapsus Uteri (falling I
 of die womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and j
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as tlie turn of life*—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which arc more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of lielp
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few inonths’ueatinent, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This lias never foiled to be
 accomplished in single instauce in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by bout, by carriage
 and railroad, who tiad not walked' for years. These
 ladies have w alked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alrlled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we Hill offer the
 following _
 PROPOSITION
 He will enter into a special written agreement with
 sw h a* desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and trgulatums, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling ejpenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our jtrofessional services, fret of charge,
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their ow n
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by diseaue, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, w ithout
 fimling.it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, Rnd that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 'The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new disc,aery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs m4 H hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble m regard to their original dif
 ficulty. Tv produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and sfuil
 Our terms art easy.
 N. B.—Any oue wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send iliein an account of the Institution— Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Stc., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country,
 Qtir f 0 fo limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 oininuoications should be addressed toll alsted
 patd L Med,ca Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 References.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Kev. u.-W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 TOHN D. REV A LEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 y and Perfumery Em|x&gt;riuin, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cole red
 Cambrics,
 Cl ?K i 2.. ico Su P*rior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities aiiii
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins,
 Striped Cambrics, Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin c* Lai ne, plain and neatly figured, aN wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel** 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Clodis, of differed styles.!
 Apron and Fiirtiiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also I.inen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kenned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 ,ir n Bu *w good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 ■to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 rrodnee Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 _ Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 280 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent autliorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a numlier of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.-
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Asti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hnndsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefii
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letter* relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 3], North
 Filth-street, Philadelphia. juH-tf
“Every Man his ewa Physician.**
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 j indicates, it is “THE HOME 111 ICTOJt, or Family
 j Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles Mr diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use aad daily.practice, by
 John B. Newman, M-I*.
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 aad many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for fomiiv use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to
 eal Botany, and will furnish on that pomtTil the
 neslred information wanted for general use.”
 Tnc two books are put on and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 rents, or sold separate
 at 12$ cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so Utat one may he recognised from another, to pre
 veut practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of genera) physiology, and rales lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 aaseosof avoiding deleterious infewoces, aad such
 other remarks as art deemed appropriate, for both
 m+mdfimak.
The hook has been written with great to**.
 phun, (imple, common *ctw style easily to be
 ‘lerstnod by every person, and Hr a practical physi
 ciaii awl a thorough botanist. We can
 it with entire confidence, as being a work
 in aU respects to any other book of the kiaa wer
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new cotmtriea and unhealthy climate*, should
 not foil to procure a ropy and hare' it at all thnes at
 naad, in raw of sickness as thee might thereby lj
 simple remedy save an expensive and arotrac
 j led doctors bill. Vl bet her well or sick, such a book
 should ne in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in time ol need, the direction given for perauoa in
 lien It ii r« i, not he too strictly attended to by all.
 I lie price nt which the hook is sold is so low that
 •yen family may have a copy, and none should ha
 without it.
 The book is put up i„ pap* r binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 ceat* to any
 aart of the United States.
 ot&gt;* Any person sending us onr dollar by nail, and
 pad paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him frrt of postage.
 Sena in your order**, there is no risk ia sending
 money by wail, it comes to us daily, and the book*
 always reach th ir destination,
 a ili c n cl,,h ‘ogetlter and send a
 do S r s h V* fo,,r 1&gt;0,,k on* ad&lt;W
 ANT ED—Agents in most of the States to anil
 this work, almost every fomily will purchase k it
 earned to their doors. A -mall capital of Iran f2O
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address
 GF.O. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange -at, Rocliester, N. Y.
[G, W, MEftCHANrsI
 \&lt;r* Vf l r'n r a t« n
 OARGIJNG OIL.
 OK HORN'S &lt;v Hf &gt;1 n rsir
 j———
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 i MEDICINE
 A THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Erer IHscoTered!
 TIME and experience hare folly proved that thfe
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY hag not i“«Z,
 on the list ot popular medicines, bar inf beenbeW*
 the public lor more than fourteen years. Testimo
 uy of the most disinterested character of its won
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the winder ot’ the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possets within
 itsell the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has ae vert he less
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Oarglmg Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such as the follow
 in", among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oil.
 er pretended remedies Imve completely failed-
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fectione, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mu*-
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Jte,
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and oiitey
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney.
 RING ZONE,
 Wtbdgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Halls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, Jy.,
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pi*
 tieuts themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 ol cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The reheated Dr. Parker also writes as loliows:
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Garglng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 us a liniment, with marked success,and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a disculient, it is ba rn
 less v here Hie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 iwe.
 I would at*-) recommend it to community at karg*
 :t» a safe and powerful remedy w here there is ik,
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be wed
 Ireely, and to counteract iutlammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds ,t prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, na.-l the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the haiub ok
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to tay, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been o&amp;red,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Howe.
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have bad for msm y years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant's Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to', I never saw it*
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re*
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 ni w m T* E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to like proprietor will br
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 decs are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 SoJd by respectable dealers generally in the Urn
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitein, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow St Young, H. D. Wai&gt;*
 Rochester.
 i k ?*y‘ ord Henderson Panderson, Cteve
 iand.O. fa Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany j
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenman it Smith, Uti
 ra; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. J u y 13~6at
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Westminster Remew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread feme of these splendid period!
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance ol
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by&lt;* dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not ofien found in work*
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three gnat parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, ami Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Rev lew Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Tte.
 view is more of a religious character, having beeu
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and sow
 his death, being conducted by hi* *oQ»in-law, Dr.
 llanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Iu
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only
 is publiaeed iu England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in feet a
 union of the two Reviews formerly repuhtisbed and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore
 tlve advantage by title combination of uniting in one
 work tlie best features of both as heretofore issued
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New Yorki
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, tad
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Hsjjaxine, being an exaet facsimile of the Edinburgh
 FfticEs for 1849, (if sumcrijikd roa karlt.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, fit 00 per lanem
 For any two do &amp;00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, S 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in mil eases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any er ait the above works will
 tent to one address oa payment gf the regular aim
 script ion for throe—the fourth copy being gratia.
 EARLY COPIER
 Wg publishers
 Blackwood s Magazine secures to us early 4 fowu
 diet work, by whU we shall be able W
 before «y
 «.Ucrib,r.
 STVt ‘0 raise the price of ths Naafo
 “,nUcribß
 Remitwnere and communkeiions should sMT*
 ttifo «u_ W* Fulton Stmt, N«w Y«*t j
