pottrg.
For the North Star.
 THE SLAVE.
 sw kaelt—that frir young captive fid,
 Bosnia vvo placid dream,
 la tearful agony, and prayed
 That Ged aught tend one (team
 Ot sunshine to her breaking heart.
 The day that gave her birth
 She career!, aad eighiag, pro.irate fell
 Upoa her mother earth.
 It *ua melancholy eight,
 That bloodteec face to eec;
 At light aad (hade, like aimer clouds,
 Beneath the pale moon flee,
 So hope, and fear, aad blank despair
 Did paM alternately
 B|Athwart that face, eo pale, eo (air, i
 «hange&lt;l by misery.]
 ■i It was a study to bars traead
 ML The beauties of that matchless form;
 A painter’s canvas# ’twoold have graced,
 F«ar victim of the adverse storm
 Of cnsal dett iny. And yet,
 As cold, insensible, she lav,
 •ha dreamed sweet dreams of those she loved
 Mow celd, inanimate, as clay.
 Days fong, long poet, had come again.
 Vdws that were breathe.!, thoegh branched n
 vain—
 Friends that had smiled, though now bar
 flown—
 All the sweet pleasure she had known,
 Came rushing o’er her memory
 Mo slavs nor captive new was she.
 The dream, alas' ne'er passeJ away,
 But outlived stern reality;
 For that relentless tyrant, Death,
 Stole tier last lingering, dying breath.
 Her only friend beneath the sky,
 A brother dear, came passing by.
 With faltering step, and heart bowed down,
 His brow knit in a bitter frown,
 Hs cuised the fate that made n slave
 Of one so goed, so just, so brave;
 He cursed the light, the eat lb, the day,
 And wended on his weary wav.
 He stops—he turus —and trembling, cries,
 My sister, sister dear, arise’
 What dost thou here with cheek so pale,
 As tho’ thou ’d-t journeyed thro' Death’s vale l
 What’s paled tiiy cheek, wlial’s elosed thine
 eyes l
 Sister, oh, speak, if with thv sighs?
 She’s dead! great (tod! she dead! so meek,
 So gentle, kind, so young, so weak'
 Oh God! who could have dene this deed,
 That's made my heart with anguish bleed!
 ’Twere better thus than be a slave.
 All grief to know, all peril brave.
 Father! 1 humbly, humbly crave,
 That thou’lt her gentle spirit save!
 Father! if thou canst bear the prayer
 Of one bowed down with grief and care,
 Grant her* oli God, a place of rest
 Upon the lowly Saviour’s breast;
 For e’er her soul to thee had down,
 Nought had she, but sorrow known.
 Witness, oh God, these burning tears,
 This bursting heart, convulsed with fears!
 Ye woods, ye vaks, ye w inds, rehearse
 My last dark, bitter, withering curse, 'Agr
 Upon that bloody, impious band,
 Hear me, oh God; my wrongs redress;
 Turn not thine ear from the oppressed.
 To kneel, to beg, to cringe, to starve..
 To endure tlie vulgar gaze,
 The blighting look the searing touch—
 To count tlie weary days, v
 Be bought anJ sold, and bargained for—
 To lie despised by all,
 The villain tlutl would ruin thee,
 To glory iu thy fall!
 1 by tender flesh to feel tlte lash,
 Tl.y gentle breast to bare;
 hen broken down with grief ami shame,
 No one for thee to care;
 When sick, no one to sit by thee,
 Dying, no one to pray,
 And point to the poor hapless one
 To God thy pilgrim's wav.
 This it is to be a slave.
 Ail wrong to feel, all sorrow brave.
 He passed his hand across.his brow;
 He bowed his head, and wept:
 Old feelings and remembrances
 Around his senses crept.
 There was a time when if by chance,
 Thou shoukist look sad, or sigh,
 To soothe thee with kind, gentle words,
 Some friend was ever nigh.
 There's no one now to shed a tear,
 To biestl* for thee a sigh;
 To follow thee to thy last home,
 There’s no one left but 1.
 Ob, could 1 but cast off this life—
 Like thee, lit down and die.
 And give to God all that 1 own
 My last, last bitter sigh'
 I’ve seen the frantic mother wild,
 At parting from tier only child;
 I've beard her shriek, and wild despair,
 With beating bean, with trembling fear.
 I’ve seewthe man bent and broke,
 Like sapling ’oeath the lightning stroke;
 I’ve seen him writhe with cruel pain—
 I’ve heard him pray, alas, in vain.
 I’ve K*ard the clanking, g.w.-g sound
 Of chains that ?ot*e poor victim bound;
 But, oh, my God, I’ve never known
 The misery to be alone.
 My heart sulanerged with tears, I’d find
 friend iu lliee sincere and kind;
 wo thy fund ahd faithful breast,
 I d w:iyi find a place of rest.
 Bu( hare- lhey come to seek their slave,
 But ah. thsyii ouiy fl)|d |u r e
 fan iMirHi. j
 Hi. MEMORY OF JOY* THa v ARR pAST
 BY MRS. MINIM
 fi*»re is a taar of sweet relief-
 A tear of rapture aud of grief;
 Tlia teabag heart alone can k no*
 What toft eniotu.ui bid it flow.
 It is when maftoty charms the rniuJ,
 With lender images rrhued;
 ’Tis when her magic apelU restore
 Departed friends and joys n&lt;&lt; luyrt.
 T iiere is an hour—s pensive hour,
 And oh' how dear its soothing pew«
 It is when twilight spreads Iwr ted,
 Aud steals along tlie silent dale;
 ’I is whew the lading bl.jss.rfua close,
 V\ lass sll is s.temr su.l trpuee
 Ties Mentory wakes, and kites lit mooru
 I U .lets liusi never ran return.
 (bare strait.— S plaudits strata,
 *b* sum. ot j..y, and tel ol pa.u,
 IS Ua snug Whose dtiag measure
 h &lt;&lt;4 luUjtsd has heard .th pWsare;
 Moma b«s.»l m s. *g«... mat bear
 The meb.i.g &lt;ts..,
 An* *ima b* wm«. span,
 J M.sst Os.s uu mm*
miscellaneous.
Fr»« tW New-Yorfc Evuyiti«.
 MADAME ROLAND.
 »r *EV. JOHN S. c. ABBOTT.
 II vii midnight when the condemned
 ‘jirondißt were led from the bar of the
 Palace of Justice to the dungeons o(
 the Conciergerie, there to wait till the
 swift-winged hours should bring the
 dawn, which was to guide their steps to
 the guillotine. The arms of the guard
 clattered along the stone floor of the
 gloomy corridors of the prison, awak
 ening the unhappy victims of the rev
 olution, who torn from homes of opu
 lence and refinement, were plunged
 into the grated cells from whence they
 also, in their turn, were to be dragged
 to the scaffold. The acquittal of the
 Girondists would afford them some lit
 tle hope that they also might find
 mercy. They peered through the grat
 ting of the cells upon the group moviug
 along, by the dim light of a feeble
 lamp, and learned their doom. La
 mentations and wailings filled the
 prison. The condemned, now that
 their fate was sealed, had nerved their
 *onA® Ia anil muiuaHy cheerskg
 one aaother, prepared as martyrs to
 eucounter the last stern trial. They
 were all placed in one large cel), and
 the dead body of their companion,
 with which they were to be buried on
 the morrow, was placed at their side.
 A wealthy friend who had escaped pro
 scription, and was concealed in Paris,
 had agreed to send them a sumptuous
 banquet, the night after their trial,
 which was to be to them a funeral re
 past or a triumphant feast, according
 to the vordict of acquittal or condem
 nation. Their friend kept his word.
 Soon after the prisoners were remand
 -1 ed to their cell, a table was spread and
 preparations were made for their last
 supper. There was a large oaken
 table in the prison, where those await
 ing their trial and those awaiting their
 execution met for their coarse prison
 fare* A rich cloth was spread upon
 this table. Servants enterci bearing
 brilliant lamps, which illuminated the
 dismal vault with an unnatural lustre,
 and spread the glare of noonday light
 upon the miserable pallets of straw,
 the rusty iron gratings and chains, and
 the stone walls weeping with moisture,
 which no ray of the sun or warmth of
 tire ever dried away. It was a strange
 scene—that brilliant festival in the
 midst of the glooms of the most dismal
 dungeon, with one dead body lying
 upon the floor, and those for whom the
 feast was prepared, waiting only for
 the early dawn to light them to their
 death and burial. The richest viands
 of meats and wines were brought in
 and placed before the condemned.
 asesot flowers diffused their fragrance
 and expanded their beauty, where
 flowers were never seen to bloom be
 fore. Wan and haggard faces, un
 washed and unshorn, gazed upon the
 unwonted spectacle, as dazzling flam
 one oftef another, until the board was
 covered with luxury and splendor.
 In silence the condemned took theis
 places at the table. They were men
 of brilliant intellects, of enthusiastic
 eloquence, thrown suddenly from the
 hights of power to the foot of the scaf
 fold. A priest, the Abbe Lambert,
 the intimate personal friend of several
 of the most eminent of the Girondists,
 had obtained admittance into the prison,
 to accompany his friends to the guillo
 tine, and to administer to them the las!
 consolations of religion. He stood in
 the corridor, looking through the open
 door upon those assembled around the
 table, and with his pencil in his hand
 noted down their words, their gestures,
 their sighs—their weakness and tlieii
 strength. It is to him that we are in
 debted for all knowledge of the sublime
 scenes enacted at the last supper of the
 Girondists.
 The repast was prolonged until the
 down of morning began to steal faintly
 in at the grated windows of the prison,
 and the gathering tumult without an
 nounced the preparations to conduct
 them to their execution.
 Vergniaud, the most prominent and
 the most eloquent of their uumber,
 presided at the feast. He had little,
 save the love of glory, to bind him to
 life, for he had neither father nor mo
 ther, wife nor children. And he felt
 that posterity would do him justice,
 and that his death would be the most
 glorious act of his lite. No one could
 imagine, troni the calm conversation
 and the quiet appetite with which these
 distinguished men partook of the en
 teitamment, that this was their last
 repast, and but the prelude to a vio
 lent death. Hut when the cloth was
 removed, and the frui’s, the wines and
 the flowers alone remained, conversa
 tion became animated, gajr, *n&lt;J at
 times rose to hilarity. Several of the
 youngest men of the party, in sallies ot
 wit, and outbursts of laughter, en
 deavored to repel the gloom which
 darkened their spirits in view of death
 on the morrow. It was unnatural
 gaiety, unreal, unworthy of the men.
 A spirit truly noble can encounter
 death with fortitude, but never with le
 vity. Still, now and then shouts ol
 laughter and songs of merriment burst
 from the bps of these young| men, at
 they endeavored with a kind of hys
 terical energy to nerve themselves tc
 show to their enemies their contempt
 both of life and of death. Otheri
 were more thoughtful, serene, and tru
 ly brave. “Wbat shall we be doin|
 to-morrow, at this time said Ducos
 i All paused. Religion had its hopes;
 I philosophy its dreams; infidelity it:
 dreary blank. Lach answered accord
 lu g to tu-i faith. “We shall sleep aftej
 the tatigues of the day,” said some
 Atheism had darkened their minds
 i is an eternal sleep,” had be
 come their gloomy creed. They look
 to the slide of the guillotine
 tiding alt thought, and consigning
 e,J ~,l° ’hat non-existence, Iron
 w hich they had emerged *t their crew
 lion. NoV repled Fauchet, Carra
 and others; Annihilation is not ou
 •lest my Ere Manorial. These bo
 dies may parish. Th*s« UvuigifcoHghla
 tnese boundless navr
 die To-morrow, tar away M ,h«,
 worlds, we shall think and feel
 set, and »oU« tbs problems of the un
material d«stmv of the human mind
 Immortality was the theme. The song
 was hushed upon these dying lips; the
 forced laughter fainted a wav Standing
 upon the brink of that dread abyss,
 from arheacp ho one has returned with
 tidings, every soul felt a longing for
 immortality. They turned to Ver*
 gniaud, whose brilliant intellect, whose!
 soul-moving eloquence, whose spot
 less life commanded their reverence,
 and appealed to him for light and truth
 and consolation. His words are lost.
 The effect of his discourse alone ia
 described. “Never,” said the Abbe,
 “had his look, his gesture, his language
 and hia voice, more profoundly affec
 ted bishearers.” In the conclusion,
 of a discourse which is described as
 oneof almost superhuman eloquence,j
 during which some were aroused to
 the most exalted enthusiasm, all were
 deeply moved, and mauy wept, Ver-i
 gniaud exclaimed, “Death is but the 1
 greatest act of life, since it gives birth
 to a higher state of existence, Were
 it not thus, there would be something
 greater than God. It would be th*
 just man immolating himself useless!/
 and hopelessly for his country. This
 supposition is a folly of blasphemy, and
 I re P*l it with contempt and horror.
 J»t&gt;! ia Wot greater than,
 God, but God is more just than Ver
 gniaud, and will not, to-morrow, sudor
 him to ascend a scaffold, but to justify
 and avenge him in future ages.”
 And now the light of day began to
 stream in at the windows. “Let us
 go to bed,” said one, “and sleep, until
 we are called to go forth to our last
 sleep. Life is a thing so trifling, that
 it is not w’orth the hour of sleep we
 lose in regretting it.” “Let us rather
 watch,” said another, “during the
 few moments which remain to us. Eter
 nity is so certain and so terrible, that
 a thousand lives would not suffice to
 prepare for it.” They rose from the
 table, and most of them threw them
 selves upon their beds, for a few mo
 ments of bodily repose and meditation.
 Thirteen, however, remained in the
 j large dungeon, finding a certain kind
 of support in society. In a low tone of
 voice they conversed with each other. 1
 They were worn out with excitement,
 fatigue, and want of sleep. Some
 wept. Sleep kindly came to some,
 and lulled their spirits into momentary
 oblivion
 At 10 o’clock the executioners came
 to lead the condemned to the scaffold.
 Their long hair was cut from their
 necks, that the action of the ax might
 not he impeded. Each one left some
 affecting souvenir to friends. One,
 picking up a lock of his own black
 hair, gave it to the Abbe Lambert to
 give to his wife. “Tell her,” he said,
 “it is ail 1 can 'end her of my re
 mains, and that my last thoughts in
 death were hers.” Vergniaud drew
 from his pocket his watch, and with his
 knife scratched upon the case a few
 lines of tender remembrance, and sent
 the token to a young lady to whom he
 was devotedly attached, and to whom
 he was erelong to have been married.
 Each gave to the Abbe Lambert some
 _ X
 those who were lefi behind. Few
 emotions are stronger, in the hour of
 death, than the desire to he embalmed
 in the affections of those who are dear
 to us.
 All being ready, the executioners
 and the &lt;rtns d'armet inarched the con
 demned in a column into the prison
 yard, where five rude carts were await
 ing them, to convey them to the scaf
 fold. The countless thousands of
 Paris were swarming around the
 prison, filling the court, and rolling
 j like ocean tides into every adjacent
 avenue. There were five carts. Each
 j contained four, with the exception of
 the last, into which the dead body ot
 j Y&amp;laze had been thrown. And now
 came to the Girondists their hour ol
 triumph. Heroism rose exultant over!
 j all ills. The brilliant sun and the
 elastic air of an October morning in
 vigorated their bodies, and the scene,
 of sublimity through w inch they were
 moving, stimulated their spirits to the
 highest pitch of enthusiasm. As the i
 carts moved from the courtyard, with
 one simultaneous voice, clear and
 sonorous, the Girondists burst into the
 Marseillaise. The crowd gazed in
 silence as thisfunera/ chant, not like,
 the watltng of a dirge, but like the
 strains of an exultai.t song, swelled'
 and died away upon the air. Here
 and there some voice among,
 the populace ventured to swell the;
 volume of sound as the significant words
 were uttered,
 “Contre nous de la nranuie,
 LVtemiard aaaglant tat lefe."
 They arrived at th« guillotine. One
 asceuded the scaffold, continuing the
 song with his companions. He was
 bound to the plank. Still his voice
 was heard, full and The plank
 slowly fell; slid be joined bis compan
 ds m their k aong. The
 glittering ax gn«t?uf like iigmumg,
 down the groove. head fell into
 the basket, and one voice was hushed
 forever. Another ascended, and ano
 ther, and another. No ateji trembled,
 no voice faltered. ButeUeh succeed
 ing moment the soug grew more faint,
 as head after head tell, and the bleed
 ing bodies were piled side by side.
 At last ergntaud alone was left, the
 most illustrious ot them all. Pale,
 but firm and dauntless, he continued
 the solo into which the chorus bad now
 died away. With a firm tread he
 mounted the scatfold. A hectic fiush
 ernusoued his cheek, as looking down
 upon the hqadless bodies of his friends,
 and around upon the silent crowd, he,
 iu a voice of the richest melody, com
 menced anew the strain,
 **AiU&gt;u&gt; etaibna tie la pan te
 Lt jour tic gLtre r*l arrnre
 In the midst ot the exultant tones the
 ax glided on its bloody mission, and
 the lips of Vergniaud were sileni in
 death. Thus perished the Girondms,
 'the purest party to which the revolu
 tion gave birth. Their bodies were
 J rudely thrown into one common cart,
 and thrown into one grave.
 1 f Tv be Voidmued
 A JIORRIBLI: MTI ATION.
 W« had been plating ail the evens
 mg at whist Our stakes had been
 gold mohur points, and twenty on the
 I rubber Msv- y, iw «a a 1
 [had won five aucca«a«vU Lu opera, »Inch
teat jr»l\ to hi* coulh
 losers, loaft
 SAyikUt Mbid, when he suddeo
 l&gt; *nd hesitated
 tojcty; (MUM non surprised ft*,
 since he «rol« that aeidon p»ud
 esed, hanri JMlfi i H.i master or ifra
 |«De tha y itemed long considered
 "PIM-iSy, Msxey; what are you
 about?** ifopsiently demanded Churtrh*
 ill, one of tfamost impetuous youths
 that ever wort the uniform of the bail*
 guard. r 7
 Hu£,” replied Maxey, in a tone
 which tpnlJed through us, at the
 time tuning deadly pale.
 “A* you unwell?” said another,
 aboutto start up, for he believwh i|ur
 frier* had suddenly been taken il£
 the love of peaee, sit quitl!”
 rej/oed the other, in a tone denoting
 ejteme fear or pain, r j he laid dqwu
 hk cards. “If you value my life.
 Jove not.”
 hat caa he mean?—has he taken
 leave of his sensesdemanded
 Churchill, to
 “Don\ dart!—don’t move,-* I tell
 you!’’ina &gt;«tt of a whisper I never
 can forgefi tittered flhtxey—“if you
 make any j|hkn motion, I am a cfcud
 man. looks'. H*
 continued* Vtnain quiet, and all may
 yet be I have a Cobra Capolla
 around ny leg.”
 Our firft impulse was to Hfrdw back
 our chairs but an appealing look from
 the victim induced us to to remain,
 although W were aware that should
 the reptile transfer but one fold and
 attach himslf to any of the party, that
 individual light already be counted as
 a dead mat so fatal is the bite of the
 deadly moster.
 Poor Maey was dressed as many
 old residets still dress in India—name
 ly, in breehes and silk stockings; he
 Therefore ae more plainly felt every
 moment othe snake. His countenance
 assumed sltvid hue; the words seemed
 to leave hi mouth without that feature
 altering it: position, so rigid was his
 look, so ferful was he lest the slightest
 moveinentdiould alarm the serpent,
 and haste the fatal bite.* VVe were
 in agony Jtle less than his own during
 the scene.
 “He iscoiling round!” murmured
 Maxey, feel him cold—cold to my
 limb; for he love of Heaven call for
 some milk? —I dare not speak loud;
 let it be piced on the ground near me;
 let some fc spilt on the floor.”
 Churclll cautiously gavs the order,
 and a serant slipped out of the room.
 “Don’tstir; —Northcote, you moved
 your heat By everything sacred, I
 conjure y-u do not move again! It
 cannot be lo*g ere my fate is decided
 I have a vife and two children in Eu
 rope; tel them that I died blessing
 them; that iny last prayers were for
 them; tin make is winding itself around
 my calf; I leave them all I possess—l
 can almo4 fancy I feel his breath—
 Great Heivtn! to die in such a man
 ner!”
 The mlkwas brought, and carefully
 gut down ftkw drops were sprinkled
 drew r back. Again Maxey spo&amp;e
 “No—oo! It has no effect! on the
 contrary he las clasped himself tighter,
 he has urcurled his upper fold! I dace
 not look down, but I am sure he is
 about to Iriw back, and give the bite
 of death with more fatal precision.
 Again he paused. I die tlrm; but tbit
 is past endurance; ah! no—he has un
 done another fold, and loosens himself
 Can he be goirg to some one else? Wc
 involuntaiy started. For the love o
 Heaven, stir not? lam a dead man:
 but bear with me. He still loosens—
 he is about to dart! Move not, bu
 beware! Churchill, he falls off that
 way—oh this agony is too hard to bear
 Another pressure and 1 am dead! No
 he relaxes!” At .moment pool
 Maxey ventured to 4ook down; the
 snake had unwound hinsseltltwfie las
 coil had fallen, and the rsptile .wrti
 making for the milk.
 9
 “I am saved! I am saved!” am
 Maxey bounded from juj chair, a.it
 fell senseless into the mis of one o
 his servants. In anothefr instant, n«s&lt;
 it be added, we were all dispersed; ibi
 snake was killed, and our poor fnwM
 carried more dead than alive to bif
 room.
 -I hat scene lean never forget; i
 dwells on my memory still, strengft
 ened by the fate of p*or Maxey, wrfad
 trom that hour, pined in hopeless Ins
 becihty, and sunk into an eafty grave
 —Uourt in Hinddotlan.
 LH'/
 CITY OF MOSCOW.
 V
 The C ity of Moscow rendered feap
 ous by Napoleon’s celebrated expddi
 lion, was built in the 12th century, Ini
 now contains 400.000 inhabitants.- I
 is situated in a great valley,- and tht
 the city Stands the walled hJ|&gt;rKr
 lin, why fa is surrounded by ebnek i at
 -30 to Tablet high aud a aula am a
 half in circumference. \V3bm these
 limits are several public fctiildiigs!
 The popular opinion that the Kreipifo
 is a palace, is erroneous. It is stmp&gt;
 ly, as its name signifies, a walled et*
 closure, and was built as a defence
 against domestic insurrection. I
 could so more be blown up by powdei
 than csuld a great hill. In the ch*rd
 which stands within its limif* is a be!
 weighing 140,000 lbs., fat th«
 eclipsed by the great bell which atindf
 at the fool of the tower. This it
 leet high, 65 feet in cir&lt;Mßfer%iea
 Its inches thick, and weight 400001
 pounds avoirdupois. A large ec
 has been broken out of it, and ft j.
 sometimes used as a cbapsl. Aitmni
 the city atretches a public wurdei
 Boulevard, and outside of this a &gt;a!
 of turf t 0 or 40 feet in hetf£t. The*
 handra) churches each with tv# «r m
 dome#, fcre scattered tbrhughou: tb&lt;
 city. The domes are four shjptjj
 and arc surrounded by a mum
 cross, wah the creseenMjsietffc i
 Tbef'tre painted sometiftss ten*
 and o f lin a bright btuejtolof, tHJ
 j forge s tangles of gold. AfPNkfrw m
 from IjKlOto 2,000 dome* u&gt; lie city
 dMHBShn the sue is shioiig wpo
 (hast, I* fraireoMly brdUaat. Aboe
 h. w»4sHhj| of the c*ty wss bwm b
 ifoultwsihhs. w**«o «*ey ovseisisd i
 irntm
3fotttisrmcnts.
 far the Sick.
 nHAHIL-W’S Hydn*mth*c -d
 UIM,Vo th Exchange Street, owmarte si*
 Or a Iwkmtr. N This J,*^****
 f §rmhf Bhfeliliibcd and is c ff'* n
 lie TMrAofHirtor u«l&gt;ir« every di*«B*
 adke&lt;|lm,mil applies the natural and apprc
 prj rtfMSdjr* Although water is eeed T*
 lha* ai&gt;c&gt;lied in »ny water-csrs MUUutaarnl
 tb&lt;a,ied dial«, yet the a ..Lea *1 to b
 that it u not retted m m ttte ml
 ismedy iu the treatment of disease *ul
 ■aid iahi. rare.
 j, dMifped for that cla**
 *d to ot&lt;aia their beahhbj a
 tree, and a« u
 feet, and are confine.! to ihei
 of misery and suffering «id
 &gt;ing any
 on of in thia Institution ot
 disease Hut give increase
 to the system. Many bar
 n different paru of the c.aui
 rafted or borne their weigh
 ijo fifteen years; and soin
 have been unable to dreaa or undress, or ere
 Uged thifaselTes, and in tbe roorse of a few week
 vwfa) be Walking with the elasticity of yoolb am
 liquidates of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 sees, aad surprising their frieads and all who sat
 tiya first came. The treatment of thi
 I zitutfewD particularly calculated to remove tli
 deasennecofiar to females, such as
 Ist. T§e fitllitf of the Womb, in all its stage
 a\ conrfWon* in patients, from twelve years of ag
 t. to riMy »«tl even if they have been confined t
 t;ir beds from one to-twenty, unable to stand, walk
 or undress themselves, or even too feeble t
 '■mr or speak aloud.
 it Ss; "KT Uss*^
 fise.iseiqLHrer Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 i«e Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsi
 slits forms and stages, Piles, fustiveness, Di
 Suppression of the .Menses, Excessiv
 fenstrwatysa. Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Col
 J ret and flnads, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters c
 ft kinds,Salt Rheum, in its wont forms, Neural
 44, Tip Douloureux. Kheumritistn, Consumptiod i
 0* first singes, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given liis whole attention t
 Ik above diseases for the last ten years, ami ha
 mated them in an entirely different way from an
 Pier private practice or public Institution in tin
 pdntry; and such has been bis success, and so cei
 jin are las remedies in tiieir effects on those di?
 ases, drat instead of publishing a long list of cer
 ified cares, he wbhes to give that clast of invalid
 eekingto obtain their health a sufficient guaranie
 •gainst any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 litioo or deception, so tliao no one need be to an
 ■xpensnin this Institution without being banefite*
 The proprietor w ill enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie w ill ad
 itnt into the Institution, to advance the monev uni
 my all the expenses from any part of the C’nitei
 Slates here and back home again, before he com
 rnencefuie treatment,and give a bond to board them
 together with his professional services, for nothing
 if he does not help them according to contract. Am
 me thinking the above proposition not a tuifficien
 guarantee against misrepresentations and exjienai
 oithoutjrceiviug equal lienetit, ran let the proo'te
 Lor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shill bt
 July considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private pratv
 tice by die influence of those who have been helpei
 here, pa nothing has ever been published before;
 ind the proprietor means tlal it shall sustain itsel
 by iu tren merits, or pay the expense of those wht
 i’hoose to make a contract in case of failure. Tla
 design Ttif this Circular is not to make know n tin
 cures that have been made in this institution, l&gt;ecaus«
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be moi
 extensively known to tlie |xxir suffering invalid!
 that have spent hundreds Of dollars iu trying al
 oilier systems of practice, and without much or ant
 lienefit* and still remaiu confined to tiieir beds froii
 five to twenty years, that tlieie is an Institutior
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to tlieii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 lliev are materially benefited.
 from tite nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight anr
 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by otltei
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one tr
 coine, unless tliey wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a lime, and follow it up day after day ii
 succession; and also willing to be made able to” en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 one tliat goes through a Course‘ol'WfaflWf*
 in the Analytic Institution shall -how by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, tliat live treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, wilt receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 lie made to those wlio liave been helped in this Insti
 tution and aleo good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,'
 required.
 Palmer's Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which lias received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ot
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the lirnh, as being iu every reqiect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Spnnrfuld, Matt.,
 by Messrs. Palmilr, Currier Hudson.]
 t They warrant erdtrt tatufacttuH.
 f REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sfrague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl-t-fim
 ATHOL WATER CTRL’.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially tliose suffering from
 chr«tic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Atlfol, Mass.
 Hks house w as opened for the reception of patient.-
 last season, ami a is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and liiorough course iu hvdro
 patky. Tlie supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been prooounced equal to water ou a
 distilled.” 'I lie location is quite eligible, being but
 ia short distance from the V. kM. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha*
 Charming grounds for walk* and rambles. Sfo tliat
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patient* can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul result* for which they labor.
 Tlie following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 JL, wile of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 Wx..tt thirty-fire years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented tlie following pheno
 mena. If placed in a a erect position, and left un
 pupported, &gt;he torUiwith fell backward to die
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward
 despite her efforts to the contrary would cross the
 vear. Her ire ♦uw-uTWftnttlift.fi tftj l Hf&amp;k,
 b.vi was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 felt, so tar recovered as to be able to walk half a
 tmle with ease. Since her return to her m m ,u
 fuu continued her baths, with corresponding itu
 [•oreuieut to licr liealth. She now attends to bet
 iMtoestic duties, and w ith the assisuace of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortable*,
 one pair of wo«dlen blanket*, one pair of sheet*,
 lialf a dosieu towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 *1 «ius, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to die necessities or choice of the patient*.
 Those who are less particular iu the selection ol
 rooms,or are willing to occupy them i* common
 other*, will lie charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Free Labor Goods.
 MANX FACri RED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for safe at No. 31, North
 Filth— treet, Philadelphia:
 Manchester GmgUauu; Checks, Apron ami Fur
 aiturr; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities ami
 •kith; thin Mu*bn for bmags, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding'
 Gotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ct
 &lt;N-Uent aruefe; t.aiico, Stockings, Kjutlins Color.,
 A.‘. If
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller Mefeina, 81, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Mbfer, Tenth-street, or p.
 Janes Mou, No. 35, Church Alfey.
 A large and hajalauwe assortiwent of Prints now
 *n hand. jol—o'
 c •UrH bail«r» f lUat,
 330. Ptmrl Street, Kern York.
 pkIENIIN nf *fe Slav*, and stranger, on a tun
 A to New York, saw now bn assusMwodatsd with
 •n good Board, and M an few a pave* as many oUw&lt;
 m The hsws is largn and anw-
 T**** Lid SMwferiaiMy an* -at* |ni»&lt;m
 44 '’•■♦rf*-Hjww towaw, and nvsry .its.
 «M*pw*d m ih&gt;d asmfosg. «||p POWLLL
 .1848
liUtcrs Kcwrffc Mf4lc»l iMtltttf
 ib4 Waler-f ire EsuUbbarit.
 rllS iMIitMKMi b*« We* .s **rce*»fwl operwlm*
 durian (wm mn, for ihrnrfoi' all Chrome
 i Diiwm. *ad nek as chsm he raamd ky mede
 I *TiORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 fiesta hare hms restored to health and
 I by the treat meat pursued at this Institution, whe
 r&lt;juld act had relief b» am other course of mede
 r f »ae. liundreiis who had been coehard to th it
 i teiii for years, mad aha a ere almost ia Attait
 t bare had reoeared hope and courage a hew they bar*
 f learned that others, laboring under as maay discoor
 agements a&lt; thrmw teas, haTe bees cured by thh
 t treatment after everything else had foiled,
 f Those aho are labor itig under CHRONIC, NF.R
 W VOlB. or SPIN AL difficult**, CURVATURES
 Ac., which produce lyaptow of almost »k othei
 r diseases, with their sccoaipaatments —as DYS
 COS
 TIVENEBB, LOSS OF THE USE OF Till
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 Tl *I. INS t NITY, an&lt;l a host of other dim****
 arnsi ut frow the name cause— SPINAL WEAK 1
 .1 NESS, which they nor their phvaiciaua undeeatann
 and which medicine alone will wot cure—to surt
 sufferers ae would say, ae are curing btmdred*
 like you every year. Pbyviciana bring their ai»* i
 and children to hate them eared—why no* coini
 i yourselves, and save life, time ami money
 We are using water in all the various **T*
 which it is a|&gt;plied ia water-case establishments, \e
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon A
 they are generally understood and applied; bui
 COMBINED TRIiISIST WITH J£I*CTBICIVV
 and a new nxxle of application which truly is iwU’ i
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in on
 half the lime it takes under any other treatment
 allowing that treatment to be succesafal, w bicli is in
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (fallin
 of the womb,) LeucoiTheu, [whites] *nppie&gt;scil an
 T' 1,1 11 1 tilnilllM fiifiipl.l t
 t tliat period known as the turn of life—involnntar
 disc I large of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 w hich are more frequent than Physicians are williu]
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice
 Females frequently suffer for years from the disease
 f incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 leasness and |&gt;aiii, when a few weeks* or at most
 few monlhPtreatiiient, would remove their difficult.?:
 and restore them to their families, with health u
 j labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contnlaite to tin
 happiness of others. This has never failed to U
 accomplislieti in a single instance in this Institution
 however weak imi helpless the patient may liavt
 1 lieen on entering it. .Many have Mine hundreds oi
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, bv Rial, by carriage
 _! ami railroad, who had not walked for years. Tliese
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving tin
 ,1 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in tfus t-;
 dr tied treatment /or all long standing or Chrome dis-
 I eases, of whatever kind or nature, that w* will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 H r will enter into a special written agreement wtik
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 j treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and hoard, lotigt ami huts' them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they art not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empiricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to tho&lt;e worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; tliat here they will not »|ieiid their money
 without lienetit, and tliat no false statements or im
 positions w ill be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most hdples and feeUe cases, whu have Urn con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ud
 i and down stairs in 4 ti hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard, to their ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To pnjdwce this almost instantaneous relief,
 1 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 :in every instance a speedy cure is jtrrf armed. If any
 one doubts let then select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shiU.
 Our TERMS art easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lt'.vo di«* axes or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of bat year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with the most'iexpectable refer
 ences in the city and country,
 j P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can l&lt;ecured at lioiiie. We pride
 fAHifoetve* ut curing what others are uot fortunate
 Sffiodgh to do.
 Communications should be addressed loHalsted
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mavor, and
 I j* ev G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 TOH.Y D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 G and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 I New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width,
 j Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also CoUred
 Cambrics.
 j Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz I'mbreilas
 j Oil Clotin.
 .Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reuuued prices Ginghams various qualities and
 1 styies.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 lr, H Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin,
 i Muslin de Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 j 4_| good and price low. Canton flannels
 white anil colored.
 I Table Diaper and Cloths, of different stvles.l
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs,
 j UitouTwdfed Pantaloon Stuffs. AU Lmeu
 Drilling sic.
 Long and lialf Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 1 lie wh.de stock exchjaively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscrdier would invite the attention
 of country merciiauts as well as his friends and tlie
 I public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 rruduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large (lie assortment trotu time to time
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 1 /Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -sis
 PlnladeJpfoa 2d mo. Ist, 184 S. tf
 TEST PUBLISH El),and for safe at the office of
 tl of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 Tlie Legion of Liberty aod Force of Truth 10th
 i edition.
 This work contains al*&gt;ut 230 pages of clone
 reading; 3UO eminent authorities, and about sixty
 i illustrative engravings. Price 37j cis. in innsiih,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those win purcliase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Ai&lt;peal of
 Women from various authors, 12| cents,
 i Letter to tlie People of the L nited Slates louchir.*
 the Matter of feluvery. Bv Ttieodure Parker.—
 _
 ul Mats. H.
 Parkh irst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cints.
 Aati-SUier) Office,
 No. 31, North hf'tK Street. PfitlodelphtQ.
 A FI LL a* sort went of ami-slavery publication
 s\ is kept constantly on hand. Also a hataisom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, ami uacfu
 atal A’aacy Btatioarry.
 All letters relatnht ta the business of th* office
 to be directed to J. Miller Me Kim, 31, N W U.
 1 iftivstreel, Ptuladelphia. j*j tf j
 “E?ery Mai his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 Jl r BT PI BLIBHED, a new aim! valuable Isuok
 for every Lundy m the country, and -me that nay
 tm consulted with perfect safety. As iu title page
 indicates, His “THE HOME DOCTOR,or Fmmly
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms ami irtuv.mui
 oi Disease*; with ao account ut th* system sin* ui
 iiealth, aailnht fiw preserving that slat*. Ajjpesi.
 dollowhiib M» rw i|*| fur making rso mom umii
 tines ami -oticlra for diet for the sxk room. TV
 whole writteo for general use and dadv practice, bv
 John B- Neuman, M. I&gt;.**
 AUn, ouifiany tug th.s Imok, or artwrsl*. is
 “THE HERB BiXiK, 4 inuk devotnj ewlusnffi
 to flesh*, giving their mmw. *arwu** t d*-
 mtxlical pr&lt;pities ami dums, war, tune of gathernw
 aad many other dir«*Uumi Very uaetni for ~rry las,-
 d, to know and suite# espres.lv ia, tus.fi uw*.“
 I hr Lab B.ak is cfevui*,] solely u. JW, Afc*.
 cm buss y, ami w til foiMk oh UuM point |i| a.
 ursumi iiersatas wanto* for (un. .1 une
 Tfo. Iwo task* arepm up Md hand u-mhm uJ
 Ctortam MM |&gt;nfH, |*m Si cents, ur msfo Omswmtm
 at 12| cent*. —r-**m
 Th* sympitMMtifmKh &lt;ba*M* -rh| L _s i
 W Ur
 n th* dnrh th*
 nmmaoi atoulmg foirtofeaW si
 &lt;*fo* iwmLm mAtotol nsas.. I T
 Am *nd/Mkfog,
The book haa wtrtJ*
 phi*. «*"b M&gt; *V*
 iiMMuod by erery t«*«, a**J he a pfcttcul
 We
 &gt;t «Mh entire coaldrace. t*i«f
 in *K rrmru to aay **fo" b** k
 ouM.sbrd at the price.
 lKaaMl.es n the co-ntry, an*
 m nr* coaairiee and ei.sante*.
 not fa.l to procure copy aed &lt;t at mUtmn
 haiK) in rw aidtacs* they mr*bt ikml bj
 remedy »"e h« r* r W ,.t end
 tel durtur*UM- hether trell or «rk. nrh i l.d
 de»U he .a every ho«~
 tia of need, the direction for peravne n
 “iTJTT..-S*'«» &gt;•-*-oi.. j~. .e
 rrery fom.ly «»y haw a copy, and none afoaikl h
 W&gt; Th** book pn* op in Paper bii.dj«f, and mi
 Hwilv he *e«l be Pu**»fe fi 4 cr-nts to an
 mart if the Vm~*
 ftp' Any per***' ne»Kli«f ue on* &lt;UIU* l,y mad,
 ami latiii postage the letter, shall harp Mu
 £pj!. i-M h !u» free of jottagr.
 Send in your order**, there is no risk »o
 looner by mail, it conies t&lt;&gt; u* d tih and the took)
 alwar* reach th'ir deetiaatioh.
 &lt;X$- P’oor fomiliei can dab tojjpiher and aend
 dollar bill, aad forte four i»M.kj ,»ent t«» r*oe address
 WiMTF.D—Ajrutr iu most of the States to «d
 this work, almost *-rery family mil purchase it
 earned t&lt;&gt; their tl *rs A 'mall capital of from £2l
 to S5O will I* ne&lt;-.««rv f nr r h agent. Address
 ooe/potd, tIKO. W. FIS!!EK,
 April 1, 6 Exchan&lt;e-«t, Rocl^^'n, N V.
PHKSSfIQffIRIMIH
 msisnmsin
 9^swhkhKPwESmHP&gt;Khh
 j ITITBiWI w 1 1 fn^g
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTOWf OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Appliratlu
 Ever Btsfovertl!
 s ’T’IMF. and opulence '.ulf fully proved that tn
 1 rsi VERSA L REMED V has u*&gt;t its eq.i
 on the It-t of popular medicines, liar mg !*»«n Let-.
 I tli*- public for more than fourteen years. Test in.
 ny of tiie must disinterested character of it* wo
 deriul effects on the animal economy i* almost iia&gt;
 presenter! to tire proprietor. It is worthy of sp
 rial remark, (hat i*-«i.le lire great and ealraordi&amp;a
 1 powers in the cure &lt;&gt;f
 j DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 t in which its virtues first attracted tlie attention
 the Farrier and Farmer, ami the wonder of t
 1 public generally, it ha-' hcen successfully etnplo'
 i in a great variety of the maladies which
 afflict the hi max race.
 f Ignorance of tarts ami philosophy, start at :i
 i assertion that any one remedy can wkb
 l itself tin* virtue ol curing many diseases. Expei
 t ence ot more than fourteen years has uevertlieh.
 i established the fact, that Merchant** Celebrat'
 i tiargling Oil, or l timrsal Family Embrocate,
 i will cure most ease, and relieTe such as tlie lolka
 I nig, among many other.. m the care of which Ui
 Oil has i»-en completely successful and in which ot
 t; er pretemled reu.nl.eg have completely failed:
 t RHEUMATISM, FAIXFUL XERVOLS A,
 lections, Hites ot Animals, Frost Hites, Coins,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Hums,
 r and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 •j Llcers frruu local causes, Caked
 Breast*, Contractions ot the mus
 cles, ounds, Swellings, &amp;c.
 Alao a host of diseases
 j in Horses and otl«er
 animals,such
 SPA VIS'S,
 Sweeney
 R2XOBOXE,
 iialgail, IVII Evil,
 t.'allous, Cracked Heel*,
 j trails ot all km.!*,
 Fiesh Wounds, Hruises,
 II JFistukr, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 9 OR GREASE, MAXGE, FARCY, j
 Numerous are the nusolaited statements of
 tients themselves, and others yyho have used tlie Oi
 lt &lt;d' cures which in themselves ap|*-.ir so remarkab
 e dtat were they at all interested in a pecuniary fsjin
 they couldhardly have l»en credited.
 ■he eckgsafed Ik. Parker also vr rites as fidWw
 D f &gt;e r r: 1 have prescribed your Carving Oil
 u various cases of
 d j 89 liniment, with marked success, anhwdSlJ con
 nienrl it to physicians generally lor extern! use j
 -all contusions, tumor/, sprains, white swelling
 0 a l in fheumatu: afleetion*, where extern;
 a,e necessary. As a diMMient, it j, MtI
 i U s 9 wltere Uie tel.ril* r.mptoms have been red.**
 Iby general treatment. 1.. ».icl» ca&gt;e», it is the in..
 eme tent remedy within tlie circle of mean, tK &gt;w
 u?e.
 i I Would als-&gt; recomax-nd it to comaranitv at tors
 as a sate and powerful remedy where there
 p M ral fe9er in ah above diseases, to 1*
 Ireely, ami to counteract inttoiuniation (a a reinari
 J i able manner. In bruised (rounds it prevents sw-l
 mg, and consequent soreness in hot weather
 I '""P. I* oll t r of this Oil, and if
 i unparalleled success it ha. met with in the haw-
 pr^etor er fa rmer—
 i rKit. I OR, It bill justice to say that of th
 gieat number ot medicines which lave lieen offeier
 have been so well adapted to the prompi cui
 i Ol D,sea f e to whieh Horses are liable; it hi*
 very justly called ai u.plete Pauacea lor the |ior*e
 tor instance. the following:
 j 10 OWtiERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for-man
 jeare ot from ■me hundred to two
 and liave made use of Merchant’s
 uisease* that horses are Ilablc t 0) IM Ter
 1 eouuuend IT* FD ,h «ual t
 u,c -tuSfc'oV"
 All onlers adUres-,1 ,k MIW V. R
 asairesseu to the nruprietor will l&gt;
 promptly respomied to.
 I tie. a {Miaphiet of tlie Agent, and see what wit
 S. ~v ,he th
 fc CT m L
 Syf. L FW4l V ,LL, W fiTKIH, 1.. B
 E Henderson It Fanderson, t k-ve
 i ’.V ,U 4» Columbus, O.; (iordoi
 I H. iTT’’ i McClure it Co, Allwnr;
 P r Ru hak&gt;; (ireenmau A. Slniilh, I i»
 ca; k U Orris At Co, T.oy, NV. July 13-fim,
 British Periodical Literatare#
 I'u (juartnlf Rrunr t tJn Kdrnlnagk Rrv&gt;tm
 Tkt Sunk Bntuk Anvcwjfl.v H ntwnKer Rnt-u
 BlmtuxMl'i Edinburgh Mugcxinr.
 r r«lE wule-spsead fame of these splendid roek&gt;.|.
 X cals readers it need less to say much in ti»eu nr sis.
 As iiienury organs, they *uu.l r m mlvauce o
 j any th mg ol the sort now published, whit tm- ,*d,i
 icai complexion ot each is marked by Aigmty
 candor, aud f*&gt;rtiearance, im&gt;( otteu found is weeai
 ot a party character.
 f scr
 i urijiMilj, .JIM by L&gt;?TtawTr'Z'

 i die advantage by diis combmatmn ot m'niam
 j »wk U« tarsi feature, of both as Imrrtou °T
 Ihe above Perkaticals are rep, \eu'V**v
 ■auaeiliateiv ou tiu-n a.nvalby tl* Hritml oc^*
 3s Sr-
 rkiCK* roi (if *i a*.
 v»lMUl»Ull r Ul UlLt.l
 for aayoueof thefdu, JUvrn..
 Vo» any two 1 I* tuuuui.
 J do suo h
 f, ,jr U*n* a, ,dd
 For ail io*M iJ .m. o
 For
 For llWt ai, HP»**«*e. 3IW nf*
 l bSJ Kevn-ws. 9W&gt; JM
 meni l l" mad* alit*** tm J
 p CLI HHI.Mi. IXf m
 seaiT* c* 9 mm&gt; Wf U «bo«* woAf
 •eet to .mr mUress o« pw.mmM U the 1
 •eraptMM lor three-ue Lusth cjp, ZaTSX S
 as
 —..u .Zb mTSZJi TE:
 i m aey uf Uw kw
 J ~I m&gt; etkr. adv.mag*. Jfwwl
 *«.m.hus|wmthw‘
 hecomjmfcu lu raws the pruJut tl^
 r—-jf
 9 kwj*
 »*T T
 attdi i' tl r
 I bi rtihi Stiai, N«« 9
