momCK. DOUOLAB3, Editor.
VOL. 111. NO. 16.
Tkl NOBfil Nf.iit is puhiisaeil ever)
 Friday, at No. 25, tin da to Street,
 Opponte the Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per aunuui, always m advance. No
 ■iibscnpuou will be received for a less u.m tba.
 •is moutns.
 A Ifer.ise neats not exceeding ten lines insert,
 three ti ues l.w one dollar; every subseqoeul iuse.
 tion, t vent.,-live cents.
Tiw object of the NorthdT&amp;R will be to aboiiM
 BU4ftliilf in all tu forms aid uptfti; advucai.
 Uriterial CMAftCifATiOR; exalt the siaudm.
 of puiihc morality, promote the moral and lotelkc
 rtart jmpro*e neit of the Colored People; an&lt;
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enahired fellow coenlrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 (W* All eoiamaaicationa relating to the busine i
 matters of ttae paper, names of subscriber*, rciut.
 tanoes, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 putfOLsis, Editor, Rocnester, N. Y.
 A jests, and uil others names, ar*
 requeued to be accurate, and to gi*e the Post ojfia
 the Coant y, aa 1 the State. Eacn subscriber is iiu
 ine llately credited for money received.
 j3r Any person seeding in pavment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, mat
 have a iftn copy for o e year.
 ijCp* All letters and comuuininai ions must be pos&gt;
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MAf*4CHeseTT».—R.h. VVallcut, Jl.Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Jubuson, New Bedford; Moral*
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New Yore.—Sydney H. Oay, 142, Nassai
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Pott, Westbury,Uueeu County; Ma
 ry Tarper, Albany, Elias Duly, Macedon; Wii
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Plan,
 Pe.in Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine. Providence.
 Prrnstlvania.— J. M. M’Kim, 81, Noril
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149.
 Sn. Sixth direct, Do.; B. down, Pitut urgh; \V u&gt;
 'Shipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, Nea
 Brighton.
 Ohio.— J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nichiteon, ilarveyaburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michig ait .—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.— John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
[PbronographicaUy reported for the Liberator by
 Dr. J. VV. Stone].
 SPEECH OF WENDELL PHILLIPS,
 At the Fsaeud Mating, Mtnday eventug Mar. 26th
 Mr. President and fellow citizens:
 Tne friend who preceded mu spoke
 of the very remarkable crisis in which
 we were met in Faneuil Hall to-night, i
 can liken it to nothing but to the sup
 position that Samuel Adams, in revo
 lutionary times, had gone over to the
 British, or John Hancock had ratted.
 The men who came up to this Hall iu
 1776 with such news, in what temper
 would they have filled it.?
 There has been hut one such event
 as that we now consider within our day.
 I will not allude to those iny friend
 has mentioned in the time ol Charles Ist
 or of our own Revolution. But we
 know there was a time when the fate
 of Hungary rested with one man; and
 who does not remember the indignatiou
 that swept over Europe when it was
 known that Georgey had been bought
 by Russian G *ld t Liberty stands now
 in these Northern States as it stood
 then in Hungary; and the news has
 come to u* that our dictator, in whom
 Massachusetts had trusted so londly, in
 whom she had garnered up all her con
 fidence, has been bought with ttie g ild
 of our Russia. Mark, also, that Geor
 gey, when he eurrend-red Hungary,
 •uriendered nothing but the political
 rights of the men he was betraying.
 Our statesman, baser far. is dealing
 with those personal rights, the violation
 of any one of which outweighs that of
 all civil privileges.
 We are met to consult tn such a cri
 sis as this. For after all, whether we
 are able to answer the arguments of
 Daniel Webster or not, whether Mas
 sachusetts can pick to pieces that logic
 or not, whether we can uuravel its so
 phistry to her inhabitants or not, the
 convicti *n of every man's heart is, that
 Daniel Webster is false, no matter how
 impregnable his logic be or seem [Hear
 hear.]
 We may be unable to unravel the
 web of that sophistry. He is a great
 man, doubtless, and can easily utake
 'the worse appear the better reason.’
 And it may be, so deep and profound is
 tbe confidence of the Commonwealth in
 him, that it may be impossible to keep
 her from the conclusions t which that
 Argument leads. But let us stand as
 Chatham stood, when some eophister
 tried to prove to him that the cauae of
 Hampden end Cromwell was to be
 suspected, was unconstitutional, end
 that, after all, Charles Ist and Claren
 don were the true friends of English
 liberty, and he retorted, 'Grant it all;
 no men ehall persuade me that it was
 not the cause of liberty on the one hand
 and of tyranny on tbe other.' (Prolong
 ed applause.]
 Let it be so with us now. I care not
 whether 1 am able to answer that
 speech or not. The parties were met;
 they stood ranged and marshalled face
 to face on the floor of the United States
 Senate; and ee that speech is spoken,
 the feces of the friends of freedom ere
 blenched, sod joy brightens the cresi
 of Caihoun. 1 care not for tbe argu
 ment. [Sensation.] He gave aid end
 comfon to the enemy, aod that is trea
 son. [Reiterated applause.] But this
 is e speech thst is rotton ell through,
 not only in Us spirit, but its argument
 also. [Cheers It answers itself.
 The beginning sate the end. It is like
 Munchausen’s lion, that devoured the
 bores so quick as to find himself in tbe
 traces, dreg*.og the chariot. Shouts of
 enthusiasm. 1
 I will not go at length over the
 ground which has been so wAll trodden
 before me, but we must talk of tbe
 spoeeb, aod thsrtfere 1 niirttiUlvftb*
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
same subjects as my friend who he*
 preceded me. Let me say a wore
 about the argument an tu Texan annex
 ation. In the Texas Address, which he
 dictated, iu 1815, Mr. Web»ter pro
 nounced that act 'a plain violation oi
 ne Constitution, both iu !orui and sub
 Amt'. In 1848, at Marshfield, he
 .aid, '1 take it that tiu mo*t important
 event of ovr lime, tending to tbe exten
 sion of slavery mj£t its everlasting es
 ablishment on this continent, was the
 Annexation of Texas-in IM&amp;. 1 In 1849
 a Springfield, he told u», 'We ere ti
 use the first, last, and every occasion
 •vhich offers, to oppose the extension c
 lie Slave Power.* Oil the lOih Angus
 1848, after New Mexico and Califoruib
 vere acquired, he rose in the Senate
 md thus delivered himself:
 'My opposition to the increase of sla
 very m this country, or to the metea&amp;
 *1 slave representation, is general am
 universal. It has no reteience to th*
 Hues of latitude *&gt;r points of the com
 puss. 1 SHALL OPPOSE ALL SUCH EX
 TENSION AT ALL TIMES AND UNDER ALL
 CIRCUMSTANCES, EVEN AGAINST ALL IN
 DUCEMENTS, AGAINST ALL SUPPOSED
 LIMITATION OF GREAT INTERESTS,
 AGAINST ALL COMBINATIONS, AGAINSI
 ALL COMPROMISES.’
 Here, t en, was a crisis worthy,
 himself being judge, of his utmost ex
 ertion. Dignut vindice nodu* —a km i
 which justified the interference of a
 god. It was ‘unconstitutional’; it wa*
 'most impurtaut’; it tended to makt
 slavery 'everlasting’; he was pledged t«
 oppose it everywhere and by all
 means.
 In ~w of all this, what and how
 much has Daniel Webster ever done
 to prevent the annexation? And when
 by the unconstitutional action of a
 temporary majority, the deed was ii.
 some sense attempted or done, whui
 did he do to prevent its acquiring the
 validity of law
 He made a few speeches, one in par
 ticular, at Niblo’s Garden, New York;
 Out when so mighty an injustice as thi*
 was in progress, was it enough to speak
 merely My friend told us just now
 that Mr. Webster was eloquent. Hi
 is so. But 1 remember a definition he
 once gave of eloquence. 'True elo
 quence uoes not consist in speech.’said
 lie. 'The graces taught in the schools,
 the costly ‘ornaments and studied con
 trivances of speech, shock and disgust
 men when their own livet and the fate of
 their wive*, their children and their coun
 try hang on the decision of the hour.
 Then patriotism is eloquent, then self
 devotion is eloquent; the high purpose
 the dauntless spirit, urging the
 whole man onward, right onward to bi&gt;
 object, this is eloquence; or ra her, it
 is something greater and higher than
 all eloquence, it is action —noble’sub-
 lime, godlike action!* How much ot
 this‘action’has he ever shown in hi.-
 opposition to Texas? Wiien, in 1843
 Adams, Gates, Giddings, Briggs, anu
 tha rest, raised the note of warning to
 the people of the free Slates, where was
 tbe name ot Daniel Webster?
 When did he ever throw his dreaded
 gauntlet into the lists, and challenge
 every comer? When did he ever pul
 gallantly at hazard his name, fame and
 influence, throw intrepidity into the
 scale of anti-Texas all that be had and
 that he was? Did he rally the country
 Did he try to animate and marshal even
 the Whig party? Did he counsel a
 temporary suspension of attending to
 minor points, and a concentration ol
 the vigilance ot tbe couniry on this, the
 Thermopylae and Gibraltar of the
 N&gt;rth? Did he summon the States,
 whose relative weight, as such, was
 being wickedly and illegally taken from
 them, to protest and exert themselves?
 For the ten years that the xas pro
 ject was afoot, he, and with some truth
 we may say he alone, was competent
 to any or all of these things. 'One
 blast upon his bugle-horn had been
 worth a thousand men.’ But none ot
 them did he attempt. In a great mea
 sure, his lukewarmness and indiffer
 ence were the one great obstacle m
 the way of any other tnau’s doing either
 of them.
 True he got others to call a conven
 tion, in 1815, in this Hall, and when
 he had felt the pulse of Boston, and
 found the meeting unpopular, he never
 came within its wails, but ran away to
 New York. He dictated the unconsti
 tutional part of that Convention’s ad
 dress, and then forbade them to divulge
 the tact! Howmnch in ail ibis of high
 purpose Md daumles spirit’?
 But in December, 1815, while be
 sat iu the Seuate, the final law doing
 the deed of annexation’ was passed
 He expressed his opiniui,’ he tells us,
 ‘and recurded his vote in the negative,
 and there that vote stands’! And was
 that all? He stood and saw his loved
 temple of Liberty fired, 'expressed his
 opinion, and voted again-t it’! He saw
 the Constitution violated—the balance
 •f the States utterly destroy, d—saw a
 a deed accomplished whose L'.al con
 sequences even nis eloquence labors in
 in attempting to portray in the Texas
 Address, and contented himself with
 a speech and a vote! When a ruthless
 majority trainpiee on the form and
 substance ofthe Constitution, of course
 there must be eome constitutional
 way of opposiog them, of preventing
 their acts acquiring validity. As a pro
 tbund constitutional lawyer* Mr. Web
 ster could'not but know these ways
 ami means of constitutional opposition
 la such a crisis, he was hound to find
 irte make one. Did be attempt ii?
 Did ba contest the right to their aeat*
 of men who appeared on that flsor, un
 dor that plain violation of tha Coasti
 utfiefT? H* Mv«r opened hie ntetithl
Did he like the Scottish chieft* 1 1
 old send tke burnt cross throughout
 New England, reminding her ©I
 he had dictated, in 1845—‘It m &gt;di«
 say that the assent of the people of
 State, in a greet and lundameuta.
 question like this, is it to be proved by
 or inferred from, any vote of its rep
 resentatives in Congress’? conjurt
 them to assemble in Convention, ant
 swear never to ratify by acquiescewt
 this act which tended to make slaver;
 everlasting on the continent Nothin*
 of the kind.
 Did he, if he thought it too late ft
 undertake this, place on solemn recorc;
 at Washington, and add his iufluenct
 iu the denial ofthe Massachusetts Leg
 islature of the validity ‘of any compn
 ume intended to preclude the future ap
 plication of such a condition’ [a9 Wil
 mot’s]
 Instead of this, he assures Mr Bell
 »f Tennessee, (page 18) that 'he know*
 nofoim of legislation which can atren
 ten this plain violation of the Constitu
 tion, ‘no recognition that can add a till*
 of weight to it’! 'Any additional recog
 nition would weaken the force of it’!—
 ‘Government is pledged by law and
 contract’ (p 26.) And he surrenders,
 gives up the game, promises to quintu
 ple the weight of Texas when asked. 1*
 this what he calls using the first,last and
 every occasion to resist thesisvepowerr
 —this opposition under all cir&lt; urn
 stances,against all inducements,again*!
 ALL coMFRoMISEi’? Daniel Webslei
 has tpoken some and well ugainsiTexas
 He has yet to do the first act to resist
 her annexation, or prevent the fatal ef
 tecta of that measure. His present po
 sition either professes that his boasted
 Constitution is all a sham, so weak thin
 it leaves its friends no means of resist
 ing the unconstitutional acts ot a ruth
 less majority, oi that his whole oppo
 sition to Texas, judged by his puhlii
 acta, was a shain.
 Does Mr. Webster mean to say, that
 if the majority in the Senate vo'ed
 Maine out of that body, or established
 an order of n &gt;bles, he should content
 himself with an 'opinion and a vote’?
 But I will pass from this point, which
 has been sufficiently spoken to. If 1
 had tune, 1 should like to try to show
 that tbe annexation of Texas is not yet
 made valid by tbe acquiescence of the
 people, except so far as that she is in
 the Union; and that, as to the othei
 portion of the agreement, the bringing
 in ol her slave States, we msy honora
 bly still try the question, whether the
 people will ratify it, or whether we can
 not persuade them fairly while there’s
 time, to hold it void. Had we a man
 and not a ffebster, i i the Senate,there
 would be hope. (Cheers.)
 Mr. Webster tells us, in tbe second
 portion of his argument, that there is
 no necessity for the Wilmot Proviso.
 Upon what ground? Why, that the
 climate of Naw Mexico renders it im
 possible that slavery should extend
 there. What does Mr. Webster say
 (page 8) in his revised speech ‘Slave
 ry existed in the earliest period of his
 tory in the oriental nations.’ What
 does he say on the 29th page? 'Cali
 fornia and Mew Mexico are'—what?
 ‘Asiatic in their formation and scenery!’
 If they are so, what prevents slavery
 from existing there in the latest period*,
 as it did iu the oriental nations in the
 earliest? (Loud plaudits.)
 ‘There was slavery among theGreeks’
 says Mr. Webster. What was Greece?
 ‘lron-bound and sterile,’ says Edward
 Everett; with an unproductive soil,
 importing her own corn. What is the
 description Mr. Webster gives of New
 Mexico? Such as Greece was, with
 her mountain fastnesses, with 'vasi
 ridges of mountains ol enormous height
 broken ridges and deep valleys. Sla
 very existed in Greece, without much
 tillable ’and, without cot on or tobacco.
 Why cannot it exist in our mountains
 at the present day
 There never was one square mile of
 the earth’s surface, on which man dwelt
 where slavery has not existed. 1 am
 within limits when 1 say that there is
 not a hundred square miles upon the
 earth’s surfac**, of inhabited territory,
 in which slavery has not existed; and
 yet he contends that it is impossible lor
 slavery to exist in the countless mile*
 of unknown and untrodden territory
 west of the Del Norte. In every State
 of this Union, except possibly Vermont
 slavery has existed. Does Mr. Web
 ster undertake to affirm that oo space
 equal to New England exists in New
 Mexico which is not more pilled with
 granite and less 'tillable’ than she? It
 is contradicted by all the history of th«
 world. Labor has never been bard
 en&lt;»ugh to make it welcome to a free
 man, or make him unwillieg to force it
 on a slave. Mr. Webster knows this
 because he has said as much, substan
 tially, in the commencement of his
 speech. Yet be telle ue to trust to—
 what? To trust to chance! I would
 t&gt;e willing to trust to change, fairly in
 terpreted; to the providence of God.
 But whoever trusts to change, under
 •he Constitution of the United Staten,
 trusts to loaded dice aad peeked cards.
 (Cheers.) He trusts to a Webster
 surrendering the forces of liberty,
 while Calhoun, like tha Guards,'never
 yields,—be dies.’ Hear, hsar.) That
 is the chance. No—we will 'take a
 bond of fate,’ before we will trust to
 that. (Cheers.)
 I will leave true untouched further,
 «e my friend has treated it so fuliy; aod
 pass to the third portion of Mr. Web
 ster’s speech, which deals with the fu
 gitive e)av». I wish you to hear with
 me a moment whtis 1 dwell upon this.
 Mr. Wtkrttr ••/•Uwubtwdi cupper*
f ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1850.
not only the CuosHUHh*. but the bi.
 el Mr. Mason on this subject.
 Now, I wish to brmgpo your recol
 •retina* what that bill order tlm
 ou may fairly judge u|»at be uodri
 akes to support. Tint substance
 the bill his been repeatM to you. Uj
 •n affidavits, written Ithiftiuny, tiku
 leforehand, and wit holt warning, i
 proposes to allow, amonl others, an;
 ourt dark or posttnast# to gram
 warrant which shall *£»h£iae tbe slav*
 claimant to cany tbe man he claim*
 irotn Boston to New Orleans.
 Suppose the claimant, either througl
 malice or carelessness, h*s takeu Un
 wrong person, take! a Massachusetts
 freeman, how shall the victim be righ
 ted? Why, it is said, by appealing t«
 some court in New Orlvaus, when he
 arrives. But remember the colorei
 people are generall poor. Supp sr e
 colored man, never out of Boston iu hi*
 life, is snached W %J- How is he to
 get friends in New'Orleans, where he
 never was before, to bring his case be
 fore a tribunal? Manths may passer*
 that, and meanwhile the poor, friend
 less one is melting fort into the indis
 tinguishable mass of slaves, and ma\
 tie sold and passed on from baud t&lt;&gt;
 hand, till redress is impossible.
 But suppose sums human person i*
 found—the case at last is in som*
 Southern court; where every colored
 person is perfumed to be a slave until
 tie shows the contrsry. How then i*
 tlie Boston boy to prove his Boston
 birth? Why, you w.ll say, let him
 send for his mother, father, brothers,
 uncles, playmates. Send? It cost*
 immey. Send for their depositions,
 ihen! Court street asks money to tsk*
 them; the man is poor. But suppose
 this svil also is surmount* d. His friend*
 ave come to him, or sent their depos
 itions. The laws ot tbe S&lt; uth thui out
 all thi* testimony! A coloicd man must,
 of course, move his birth and residence
 by colored friends generally; but no
 col- red man can give evidence, in a
 .Southern couit, in any case where a
 white man is party. He must get w hue
 peisons to swear to his past life, birth,
 &amp;c., or he must sink down a slave. Iu
 nine hundred aud niuty-niue cases,
 therefore, out of a thousand, the
 Northern freeman, opce intstakenh
 surrendered under Masou’s bill, is lost
 lot ever. Aud this is tbe hill which tbe
 Defender of the Constitution under
 takes to support! He knew, or should
 have known, that iu Mar; land, Virgi
 nia, the Carolines, Georgia, Missouri,
 Alabama, and probably in all the slave
 States, any pers&gt;'n claiming that he is
 w rongfully held may have a jury trial
 But tne Massachusetts man mistaken
 ly seized, in Boston, cannot have this
 old Saxon privilege! He must be sur
 rendered whenever any one office un
 derling is satisfied, on paper evi
 dence, that the slavs claimant is right.
 I go into these facts to show that Mr.
 Webster, when he surrenders one of
 his constituents to Mason's bill," surren
 ders him to slavery. As long ago as
 I627,kidnapp ing was C'iniinbn in Penn
 s; Ivania. They had only to catch a
 inan, gst him over the line, aud mingle
 mm among the slaves, and he could
 n&lt;»t be found again. Mr. Webster
 knows that all laws should be guarded
 strictly in favor of liberty; so csn fully
 guarded as to make mistakes all but
 impossible. He has himself told us
 that ‘The spirit of linerty is, indeed, a
 b »ld and tearless spirit; but it is also a
 sharp-sighted spirit: it is a cautious,
 sagacious, discriminating, far-seeing
 intelligence; it is jealous of encroach
 ment, jealous of power, jealous of mam.
 It demands checks, it seeks (or
 guards, it insists on securities; it en
 trenches itself behind strong defences,
 and fortifies, with all possible care,
 against the assaults of ambition and
 passion. It does not trust the amiable
 weakness of human nature, and there
 fore it will not permit power to overstep
 its prescribed limits, though benevo
 lence, good intent and patriotic pur
 pose c me along with it. Neither does
 it sat siy itself with flashy aud tempora
 ry resistance to illegal authority. Far
 otherwise. T t seeks for duration and
 permanance. It looks before and after;
 and building m the experience of ages
 which are past, it labors diligently lor
 the benefit of ages to come. This is
 the nature of constitutional liberty; and
 this is our liberty, if we will rightly un
 derstand and preserve it.’
 This very iiitl is such a one as that
 against which he thus warns us. The
 lull is bad entugh on tba lacs of it;
 hut iUs like the Artesian wells, grow
 ing hotter aqd hotter the lower you go.
 It is naser add baser, the more you an
 alyze it.
 flWeimnn finds stolen property,
 there he is i&lt;&lt; prove thst it is his. Thst
 is the coinnu n law. If 1 find a stolen
 horse in Marsh field, 1 am bound to
 prove tn Marshfield that it la mine, and
 not leave the town with it until it is de
 cided there by a jury of twelve men.
 [Applause But if an unfortunate
 colored man, claimed aa a slave, should
 go to MarshficW.nnd he would be very
 unfortunate if he did, [laughter,] for
 of the few men who have been wilting
 to oonsign their names to iufiuny by
 proclaiming thsir readiness to assist in
 a slave-bum, certainly that of Daniel
 Webster should stand at tbe head (re
 newed laughter]; bqt it such an unfor
 tunate should take refuge from a slave
 hunter there, he is not to have jury
 trial of Maseaehusctte men. No. on
 the affidavit, paper testimony of any
 body, he is to be carried any number of
 thousand wilea-~ carried off hatpleas
 Our lathers put U into the Declaration
 against EnglanJ, that our citiseos were
 Is N t*m§d bt tritd iq Eng
god is the father of us all, and all men are brethren.
land. England! It was the next do*
 oJoha Hancock ’a house, compart*
 **ith the hopeless distance of New 0*
 vans from Boston, lor the poor an
 •i iandleas colored wan.
 This is not the Constitution. Ba
 «s that is, it is nothing tike this. Mr
 Webster tries to persuad* Massacht
 •etts that he is only supporting ti«
 Constitution. The Constitution say*
 to all criminal cases, the right of tru
 jury shall be preserved; in att Am
 ases, where the value is anouftlPtirii
 lollars, the right shall be preserved
 Now, the slave cause goes either inn
 me or the other list. When the siavt
 is arrested, it is either a criminal or t
 civil cases, and the Constitution, there
 fore, requires a jury. Mr Webstei
 knows this; and, instead of this Speech
 he should have lifted up his voice ii
 behalf of this time-honored barrier o
 me rights of the humblest citizen. Ii
 place of that, Massachusetts is left t&lt;
 Seward, of New York, or some West
 ern statesman, to defend tor her th*
 principles of freedom. [Great enthu
 siasm.] Yes we are left for some for
 eigner from Massachusetts to put thai
 shield over the head of the colored cit
 izen which the Constitution enjoins
 and which the Massachusetts ‘delendei
 ol the Constitution* chooses to forget
 [Shame.] This is my gravest chargi
 against Mr. Webster.
 Once more, and 1 will relieve yot
 soon—(go on! go on!)—and that is ii
 ihis matter of balancing the compli
 ments of the South and North agautsi
 each other, Mr. Webster plainly be
 trays the bias under which he spoke
 Slurting with only s«&gt;me twenty lines
 the vast usurpation of new territories
 which has comjietely changed th&lt;
 character of the Union, he charge*
 ugaiufrt Northern legialatoit a want o
 fidelity to ibe Consulution.
 That argument on the slave-hunt i&gt;
 plausibly put together, to convince
 Massachusetts that he is only carrying
 out the Constitution. The Courier ol
 this morning bids us declaimei against
 Mr. Webster read the Constitution
 aide by side with this speech, and show
 where they conflict. Why, the Con
 stitution, compared with that speech,
 is Heaven; that is hell! [lmmense
 applause.] The Constitution repudi
 ates such a speech with loatning and
 contempt.
 Samuel Adams signed the Constitu
 tion. He would have let his ami
 wither to the shoulder, before he
 would have signed to that speech.
 [Cheers.] It took one Hungarian,
 Gorgey, to surrender his Constitution;
 and it took another, Beni, to become a
 Pacha with nine tails; but, more for
 tuuate than either, in one act Webstei
 surrenders both! [Loud shouts and
 cheers.] In one act, he was a traitor
 to his Constitution, and an ap*&gt;stat&lt;
 from Humanity. The year 1760 will
 be fatal to other men than Hungarians,
 to other lives than natural livea, if we
 shall do our duty in this Common
 wealth (Prolonged appiibse.)
 Thera is one point further, on which
 I wi.-h to make a single remark, aud ii
 is this: The Southerners tell us, that
 the right of trial by jury is inconsistent
 with slavery. They tell us, that if th
 Southerner is oblig d to prove his title
 to his slave, he would be very much
 inconvenienced! He cannot tarry st
 long! Ha will have to tarry only at
 long aa it would take to recover hi*
 horse. But if ba ba inconvenienced,
 who ia to suffer, he or liberty
 1 recollect, in the life of that glo
 rious Baptist missionary, William
 Km ibb, that, on one occasion, he aud
 his coadjutors came to an agreement
 with the planters of Jamaica, that
 Slavery aud (.’hristianty could not ex
 ist together; and tnere they parted.
 The planters said, We will extermin
 ate Christian ty the missionariea re
 joined, We will abolish slavery.’ Lei
 us make the same resolve as to Habtat
 corpus jury trial, and the other sacred
 barriers of liberty. If the choice must
 be made between them and chains, dd
 not let us make them yield to the con
 venience of slaveholders! Which ii
 to give way, the rights of freemen, oi
 the couvenience of slaveholders i
 Which to give way, the rights of the
 colored people of Boston, that than
 children may not play in safety in th»
 streets, protected by just laws, or the
 gratilication of slave-catchers in th*
 nineteenth century 1 had almost said
 that jury trial was a law of nature,
 (applause,)—certainly it ia a law oi
 the Saxon race; and the convenience
 of slavery must give way to that greal
 Jury trial which protects the libertie.-
 uf the humblest of that race in -out
 midst. (Cheers.)
 But I would say, point me, Mr. Sen
 ator, to one single law on any statute
 book, in any free State, inconsistent
 with the Constitution of the United
 States! Point me to one single Le
 gislature that baa ever refused to d«&gt;
 what the Constitution bade it! The
 moment the Prtgg and Pennsylvania
 case was publishrd,in which the Court
 said the States had no right to legislate
 for or against the slaveholder in pur
 suit of bis slave, New York, New
 Jersey, Massachusetts, Maine, and ail
 the Northern States, quietly yielded
 the statute granting jury trial, that
 conflicted with this decision. You and
 I, Mr. Chairman, want up to tho Stats
 House with n BiU based on that de
 cision, sod it was pasted in a month.
 Thera is not n law on any free Stats
 statute-book that conflicts, in tho slight
 est degree, with the Constitution or tbs
 United State*. Mr. Webster koowi
 this to he the case. He said, as
 ago, as when he defended ‘he Consti
 tution •gait*
resolved not to stunbit, in silence, t«
 Accusations either against nry»*!f md.
 vtdually, or against the North, whol*;
 unfounded and unjust; accusation
 which impute to us a disposition t*
 vade the Constitutional Compact, an*
 io extend the power of the Govei omen*
 »ver the internal laws and domestic
 condition of the States.’* He said in
 March, 1949. to Butler of South Caro
 line, *if the gentleman will say that
 heir, ready to defend her.* In March,
 IB6o— Eheu quantum mutatus ab Uo!
 —he has nothing to say on the »übjec!
 xcept to accuse his constituents.
 Now, having brought th.s unjust
 charge against the legislators of th*
 North, be turns round, and, in the
 North’s behalf, saya nothing. Bui
 when he prints his speech in Massa
 ehusetts, he prints in it a few feeblt
 lines about South Carolinia’s imprison
 -ing our seamen. Does he arraign
 Legislatures? No! Does he allude to
 laws? Never! Now, there stand
 upon their statute books, laws which
 they know are unconstitutional, making
 our seamen liable to be seized and
 sold. These statutes they confess to
 be unconstitutional, because they for
 bid their being passed upon and tried
 by any Federal Court. Mr. W'ebster
 knows them to be unconstitutional.
 Side by side with those statutes,
 Louisiana and Sooth Carolina have
 enacted that if any person, from Mas
 t-arhusetls or elsewhere, goes to these
 Mates to make up a case, and try the
 constitutionality of these laws in the
 Supreme Court, he shall be punished
 by imprisonment in the c&lt; mmon jail.
 Mr. Webster ktnew all this; vet he
 has not a. word to say against the
 whole range of Southern legislation,
 which is confessedly unconstitutional,
 aud which dares not meet the laces of
 the Judges of the Supreme Court of
 the United Slates.
 In his spoken speech, he did not ut
 ter a syllable of this. It was publish
 ed in the Intelligencer and Union with
 out a line about the Noithern seamen.
 Put when he was about to send it
 North, he puts ir six or eight lines on
 the subject. He says, ''lbis is not
 only irritating, but exceedingly in
 convenient in practice, and seems
 altogether impracticable aud oppres
 sive.* Well, the speech came to
 the people of the North in this seem
 ing way; and a great many of the
 Massachusetts newspapers spoke out
 against its poltroonery, and only on
 or two city p&lt;pers supported him-
 What doe* he say in his second ‘au
 thorized edition?' 'Seems, madam?
 nay, it is!' (Applause.) Now it no
 longer is inconvenient! »r serins irri
 tating, but is 'exceedingly unjustifiable
 and oppressive.' His thermometer
 has risen ten degrees. What raised
 it? The country papers of Massachu
 setts! (Prolonged applause.) Let him
 hear of s good hot meeting in Faneuil
 Hall, and it will go up to boiling point.
 (Enthusiasm Why, if we whip our
 best, we can whip this top into spinning
 at last. That paragraph had never J
 been inserted, if the speech had not
 been obliged to bear the eyes of North
 ern men. He has changed it—changed
 it f* r the better. Let us go on, and
 we will make him make a better whole
 speech still. (Repeated cheers.)
 1 know that I have detained you a
 great while too long. [‘No, no!*] 1
 have endeavored to obey the Boston
 Courier, and slick to the speech and
 the Constitution. It is not necessary
 to go out of the limits of that pamphlet
 in order to answer even Daniel Web
 ster, in my opinion. But this is no
 doubt a momentous question; for we
 have reached the great western goal
 ■&gt;f the world. 'ln that high romance,
 if romance it be, (says Edward
 Everett,) in which the great minds of
 antiquity sketched the fortunes ot the
 ages to come, they pictured to them
 selves a favored region beyond the
 ocean, a land of equal lam and happy
 men. The primitive poets beheld uin
 the islands of the blest; the Doric
 bards surveyed it in tbe Hyperborean
 region; the sage of the Academy placed
 it ui tbe lost Atlantis; and even 'he
 sterner spit it of Seneca could discern
 a fairer abode of humanity in the dis
 tant region then unknown. We look
 back upon these uninspired predictions,
 and almost recoil from the obligation
 they imply. By us must these fair
 visions be realized, by us must be ful
 filled these high auspices which burst
 hi trying hours from the longing hearts
 of the champions of truth. There are
 no more coutittema or worlds t&lt;* be re
 vealed. Atlantis hath ariaen from the
 .tcean; the farthest Thule it reached;
 there are no un.re retreats beyond the
 sea, no more discoveries, no inoie
 hopes. Here then a mighty work is
 to be fulfilled, or never, by the race
 of mortals. Tbe mao. who look* with
 tenderness on the sufferings oi good
 men in other time#; the descendant of
 the Pilgrims, who cherishes the memo
 ry ol hie fathers; tbe patriot, who feels
 an honeef glow at the majesty of the
 system of which he ia a member: you
 are the men, fellow-citizens, by whom
 these br ght auspices ere to be accom
 plished. This is the last solerne ex
 periment ot humanity.
 Are the tone, purpose, and resolve
 of tbit a peach, those which it is to
 he tried? Th* failing l*«art of e 7
 hater bf slavery in thee* States an
 swers for me, No.
 Daniet Webster, in one of his elo
 quent moments, when with the aaraeat
 of &lt;u?e of his most noble efforts,
 he de *unced tbe slave trade in thin
 langa.ge, criad tit, pet*
JOHN DICK. Pi»&lt;TM
WHOLE NO. 120.
ivrity to these hearths that we have
 kept sacred for them!* ‘Sacred’— how
 By Iraviug it to chaoce whether they
 -ball be polluted with e chain, or con
 secrated to freedom? We call upon
 him to come up iu hit age, and fulfil
 ho promise of his youth; and if he ie
 *vanting, if he has betrayed us, let
 nim be like Arnold or like Georgey—
 let the axe sever forever the tender
 colds that bound him to the heart of
 hearts, of Massachusetts. (L&lt; ud
 'iHtWET 11 iruemmhtfWtlclt m,»t y
 of the moral sense of NVw England,
 as to think that he can stand up in the
 thee of this community, after he has
 pledged himsell to be a slave-hunter,
 let him at least learn to respect th* in
 telligence of New England, which
 knows at least when it is betrayed.
 (Applause.) Let us teach him that we
 have studied 100 faithfully in the school
 where he has been so long a teacher
 of glorious thoughts aud noble argu
 ments! Lei him learn that we have
 been too good disciples not to carry
 out his lessons into deeds; that we
 mean to stand by the principles of the
 ordinance of 1787; that we mean to
 beware just where tbe enemy are vigi
 lant aud hopeful; that where tbe South
 clings with the agony of despair to the
 right to catry their slaves into the ter
 itory of the West, just there will we
 ne vigilant. We will he taught by the
 enemy. We will erect the gate that
 no man can mistake.
 In this speech at Marshfield, Mr.
 Webster quoted the ludicrous lines of
 Charles 2nd’* lime, when a member
 of the House of Commons said, in re
 lation to James Sod,
 1 hear a lion iu the lobby roar I
 Ba&gt;, Mr. anker ahull wt abut the door,
 A lid keep bua out; or ah.ll w« let hint is,
 And aea if wa can get bin out againl*
 Mr. Webster said, 'I was for shut
 ting the door, and keeping the lion out*
 of New Mexico. What he said in
 1848, I desire Massachusetts to echo
 iu 1860: even though Mr. Webster has
 found uut that there is no danger ol the
 lion’s coming in at that open door!—
 (Applause.)
 Let us cling to fde example of those
 long years in which Mr. Webster
 thought he was leading the public sen
 tinx nt o' New England, rather than
 the total suirender ol hia own argu
 ments, his own sentiments, his own
 thunder from beginning to end, in this
 most melancliotj speech.
 1 desire to add nothing, in comment
 upon Mr. Webster, upon his position,
 his course, or his luiure. If he is
 willing that the sun of his fame shall
 rise to the generation that is to coin*
 after us, clouded with such a blot as
 that pledge, not only to sustain the
 Constitution of the United States, but
 the worst provisions of the worst slave
 law that ever provoked the contempt
 and indignation of any people, let him
 do so! it is not for us to judge him.
 But when all the great men are recre
 ant, Faneuil Hull, at least, is left us.
 Itlcoufidence in the present is gone,
 the memories of the past, and labors
 and hopes for tbe future, ere still
 ours.
 Mr. Parker said that the citizens of
 Boston once met here when the Chesa
 peake was captured Wa meet to
 night because Webster is kidnapped.
 (Choirs.) I remember that 1 once
 spoke in this Hull when John Quincy
 Adams presided, on the occasion of
 the kidnapping of a fugitive slave in
 South Bostou We have met now
 when a Massachusetts man has been
 kidnapped. Let us suve the State to
 Liberty. Let us try to save the fame
 of the old Commonwealth; aud if we
 connot save it, it State street gives in
 its adherence, as it is going to do, if
 the men that were prominent in the
 stormy days of 1812 and 1820 are put
 ting their honor* d nam* s to a letter of
 approbation lor Mr. Webster, let us,
 the little men of the Commonwealth,
 have it to claim against the terrible re
 buke that is to come to us from tbe
 other aide of the water, and from pos
 terity, that we raised our voices, leebte
 as they were, in the most saer* I spot
 that we could find, in behalf ol justice
 and humanity. (Great applause.)
 But w* need not talk in this strain.
 On owr side is ‘every attribute of the
 Almighty.’ It will take greater apos
 tates than even this one to doom that
 fair land long to slavery- God
 scooped the valley of tbe Mississippi
 as the cradle of bondage, nor pihdthe
 Rocky Mountains us ramparts lor ty
 rants. That valley is to be trodden by
 free leet; those harnesses held by free
 hands. Such is, indeed, the ‘will of
 God,* which mocks alt the wickedness
 of man to gainsay it. [Long continued
 applause.]
Comforts and Discowfoxts. —lf
 every body understood th* 'ulue of
 kindness iu trifles, there would not so
 often arise those clouded feelings,
 those bitter disagreeables by which
 merited people, brother# and amtere.
 parents and children, by degrees em
 nitter on# a* ther’s lives, end which
 ciesie altogether the grew* heavy and
 „ppassive cloud—dx omfnrt. A fly
 is a very light burden, but if it were
 perpetually to return and act itself on
 our nose, it might weary us of our
 lives. Thera is tiuth to ihe proverb,
 “Nothing is a trifle which ie unplea
 sant to our friend.’* By the sids ol
 this we would inscribe upon the table
 of home, “Nothing mrfgnificaot
 which gives pleasure to our fttend.
 Because from this that bnght
 summer atnmaph l oro#
 celled comfort. I And without this how
 |pd and aneertb't wt are.—Btfcgtow*
 V
 AMflftWl
