Columbia eu. t Georgia, but ha did not enta
 hi. academy till he was nineteen. Hia pro
 great here was rapid, and in 1909 he hecim,
 a student at Yale College, where two y™
 alter waids be graduated with distinction.
 He thao studied law, praticed a few year
 In the courts of South Carolina, and sub
 sequenUy served some time in the Legislature
 of hia State.
 In 1811 he waa elected to Congress,and dis
 tinguished himself by his advocacy of bellig
 erent measures against Great Britain.
 In 1817 he entered the Cabinet of Mr.
 Monroe, and was placed at the head of the
 War Department, in the efficient organiza
 tion of which he displayed consummate ab
 ility.
 At the capitation of Mr. Monroe’s Admin
 istration, Mr. Calhoun was elected Vice
 President, and io«»k Ins seat as Ptseident ol
 the Senate, March 4th, 1825. General
 Hayue having vacated his seat in the Senate
 to became Governor of South Carolina, Mr.
 Calhoun resigned the Vice Presidency, and
 waa elected in his place.
 At the expiration of his term, he went
 into retirement, from which he waa soon call
 ed to fill the vacancy in the Cabinet of Mr.
 Tyler, occasioned by the sudden death ol
 Mr. Upshur, Secretary of Slate, His con
 nection with the Executive Department of l*&gt;e
 Government terminated with the close of Mr.
 Tyler’s Administration, and soon after he
 was elected to the Senate, in which he held
 seat for five years,—ttU.-ifee day of hi*
 death. For forty years he has been connected
 with the public service, occupying position*,
 of great responsibility. Mr. Clay, who was
 his senior, entered Congress about the same
 time that he did, and Mr. Webster, who ws*
 of the same age, entered it three years later.
 —National Era.
To the Friends of Freedom ond the
 Press.
 The ladies of New Yotk, in view of the
 gteac benefits resulting fromlhe profession
 of an organ devoted to the cause of freedom
 and the elevation of their .oppressed race;
 and being well assured that the “North Star”
 is an instrument in that cause, which fiom
 the xeal devotednett, and intelligence of it*
 Editor is calculated to effect in a gieat mea
 sure the object for which it labors—fix., the
 emancipation and elevation 0/ the colored
 people, and is therefore worthy of the pat
 ronage of every American citizen, particular
 ly those for whom it labors; —have formed
 an Association for the purpose of holding a
 fair during anniversary week in May next,
 to aid in sustaining said paper; that its bea
 con-light may continue to shine until every
 bondman shall behold and be cheered by its
 rays. The association will also endeavor to
 extend its ciiculation, hoping, that its truths
 may penetrate every corner of that den of
 oppression (the South) and cause “light to
 shine out of darkness,” that its exposure of
 the crime and honors of Slavery, of the tears
 and groans of the slave, may soften the hard
 hearts of their oppressors, and cause them
 “to proclaim liberty throughout the land unto
 all the inhabitants thereof.” That the apolo
 gist of slavery at the North, may receive
 this light in in. on icith the South, and tyran
 ny and oppression cease forever.
 The association earnestly solicits the aid of
 every friend of freedom and fhe press; and
 sincerely hope that no one will lose this op
 portunity of extending their generosity in a
 noble cause. Every person must be convinced
 of the power of ihe press, and should there
 fore, exert theii utmost influence to sustain!
 it. Tne question then is, will you assist in
 eutmining it I If so you have an opportunity of
 eo doing by contributing to the “North Sur
 Fair Association.”
 A box of valuable articles has been received
 from friends in England aa a donation, and
 the ladies of Philadelphia have promised a
 donation of articles,also. Will not the friends
 in other sections of the country emulate these
 noble examples? Your co-operation in this
 work is needed and much desired.
 The Association invites the 00-operation
 of friends of other cities, in this woik and
 labor of love.
 Donations will be gratefully received by-
 Mra. E. Bastien, 6 Albany St; Mra. E. Ber
 rien, 80 Wall St; Mre» J. M. Foster, 11
 Thomas St; and Miss F. Tompkins, 180
 Church St.
 In behalf of the Association.
 EMELINE BASTIEN, Directress.
 Fanny Tompkins, Secretary.
orrjctßt or the n. i. r. association.
 EMELINE BASTIEN, Directress.
 CATHARINE ROBINSON, 2nd do
 Fanny Tuokfeins, Secretary,
 Elizabeth Jinninos Asst do
 Jan* M. Forten Treas.
 -i Commit it* of Arrangements.
 Rosetta Cowes, Frances Brown,
 Elisa Berrian, Catharine Gaotoo,
 Mary E. Ellis, Adeline Felix, n&lt;
 Christiana Ellis, Mary Leggett,
 Mary Crummell Mary Roselle,
 Serena Downing, Maria W. Stewatd,
 Muia M. Degrasse, Thereat Timingham,
 Rebecea Downing, Priscilla Blake,
 Sarah Aldridge, Annette Ponteau,
 Hannah Frances, Mary Pegrin,
 Sarah Atkina.
 t f
 To the Editor of the North Star
 I observe in a late number of your paper
 a brief article addressed "to correspondents”
 who have from all parts of the country,
 queried of you respecting the “mysterious
 noises’ 5 which have indeed made so much
 noise in these latter days.
 In the editorial alluded to, youaay,—“Be
 ing too much engaged in the diacharge ot
 Xha numerous duties of our position to reply
 to our correspondents upon this subjecty indi
 vidually, we beg to state to them briefly,
 through the Columns of the North Star,
 firstly, th»t we have heard the rappinga” lie.
 We have never received any intelli
 gence from those alleged spirits; they
 the earth, earthy,” tad possess no mote
 illumination than we, wh6 are vet in this plod
 of cumbrous clay.”
 Now, friend Douglass, lam net going to
 j|pd fault with you for any myttpr therein
 contained; neither shall I blame you that you
 have not chosen to slip the Anti-Slavery har
 •eee, for the psrpoee of paying more atten
 tion to things which seem to you to occupy
 so outer field in which you have no work to
 do. 1 love the God-approved cause in which
 your physical energies and devoted mind are
 •sgaged 100 well to ask you to rob it of a
 single hour ot labor, omo halt in the battle
 While the foei* yet unsubdued. "But as an
 impression exists in my mind that twtny-of
 your readers, and especially the ooryesptw
 dents referred to, have a strong desire .to
 know something definite of What is to pus)'4
 posts';, sed biiiwPMsi^ibtiyudcp.
 &lt;p&gt;l .-I -f 1-m |J||
 iWI
 gfcgqgt* A I j
r portumtie* of oWer«‘w« b T 104
 {liftitefl to. admit of ,snj *V7 clw teroen
 by you in regard to iU P*®? o** 0 001 M 1
 k discipl* ot a bobbin ftficy, or the victim of at
 i ssploded humbug, bui u an hooCst expositoi
 of the truth, to perform this email kb ol of loft
 for you.
 Let me state to you and your readers, it
 ths outset, that were these sounds, which wi
 hear, merely the effect of an ingenious con
 trivance on the pait of a few men or women
 —no matter how cunning the hands that
 made them, I would not waste one moment
 of my time or insult the intelligence of your
 readers by any notice of this kind. Again,
 weie they only the simple but strange pro
 duction of passive u after, acted upon by
 some hidden law as yet veiled to the tele
 scopic eye of science, we might wonder, as
 we always do when any new and unexplained
 phenomena attract our attention, and quietly
 hand the subject over to the savans of our
 time and tell them to find a patent for the
 nondescript offspring.
 In the absence, howerer, of any such pos
 sibility, I deem the subject of too much im
 puitance for summary disposal, and of that
 nature with which Philosophy has nothing
 to do —any further thai it may rationally ex
 plain the media which serves as the electric
 chain connecting being with being in God’s
 universe. In brief a uund of ordinary per
 ceptions, lacking not time or patience and
 imbued with that sincerity which is ever wil
 ling to unlearn error as well as to learn truth
 is just as good an investigator of aorae things
 as the white-haired savan, whose name has
 countless appendages.
 It is somewhat difficult, within the limits
 of an newspaper article, to give an explicit
 and full exposition of this subject. The
 reader will undoubtedly, on perusal, find a
 multitude of questiona suggested to hia mind
 which he would like to have answered; and
 which, had I the opportunity, might for the
 must part be replied to at once and satisfac
 torily. 1 will only attempt therefore to give
 my own views and reasons for them.
 Firstly, as thousands can testify, there are
 sounds produced, various in quality and
 volume, while observers are in the presence
 Of one or more certain individuals.
 Secondly, these sounds, by their peculiar
 nature, variations, difference of locality ano
 simultaneous production, afford to any one
 who will listen to them during the space of
 even thirty minutes, when the communica
 tion is free, the most conclusive evidence th»t
 their origin is not in the volition of any visi
 ble human being or beings.
 Thirdly, there is intelligence connecteu
 with and controlling the sounds, which is
 manifested, in a manner simple as it is beau
 tiful, by the answers to questions put by ob
 servers at will to those unseen agencies.
 When a question is asked which requires as
 an answer, but a simple affirmative or nega
 tive, it is Teplied to by the plain signal easily
 understood; but when a question requires
 anything more than that, the alphabet is re
 sorted to.
 I will give a few incidents which have
 come under my observation. On one occasion,
 as a sort of test of their intelligence, 1 took
 fiom my desk three several letters from as
 many different correspondents, with the
 names of the writets endorsed upon them,
 folded them compactly in a wrapper and
 placed the package in my side coat-pocket.
 When I came in the presence of these agen
 cies. and was seated with sevetal strangers
 at the tabic, my name tv*s called to converse
 with them. 1 asked if the questions 1 had
 prepared in my mmd would bo answered;
 an affiimative was received. I then took out
 the package', laid it on the table—holding it
 the w hile—and asked how many letters are
 there in this package? Three was the reply.
 I then asked if the dfmmunicaioT would tell
 the company by spelling the. names of the
 writers of Hhueelestem; an affirmative was
 signified. i .The alphabet was called and the
 name of Margaret Robinson was given as
 one of the w riiera. The same process was
 repeated, and Elizabeth was spelled by the
 invisible agent. The third name was tefused
 to be given-t-why, 1 know not, but will state
 that it was the name of my sister (Sarah,)
 whose spirit, meanwhile, if we may balkye
 the sounds, was conversing with me. On
 asking “how many letters are there in the
 first name of the third writer?” Jive was
 the reply. I then opened the package and
 showed to-the company the result; the re
 plies were correct jn every particular.
 A gentleman from Boston asked if the
 sounds would tel), by means of the alphabet,
 the last words which his mother addressed to
 him; an affirmative was the response. The
 letters were called, and “good bye my dear”
 were the words given as the last’ addressed
 -by the mother to her sun. “These wore her
 very last words to me—no more, no less!”,
 was his exclamation....
 I have known a vast number of instances
 in which these agencies (be they what they
 may) have evinced art enerring perception
 tvuly Mtwnishtng; aqd which gave lo the in
 dividuals in conversation with them the most
 unmistakable evidence of the possession of a
 knowledge famlliaT with all the rainnti** of
 their lives, and a power to read, at will, the
 unspoken thoughts sjirrjrig at the moment in
 the secret receses of their minds.
 1 I f
 Now I know not why anything of this na
 ture should for a moment, at this stage,
 prompt any person of ordinary understanding
 in indulge in levity or. carelessly saeer at
 what he has not studied* The subject has
 chained the attention of some of the best
 minds in our country. They have approach*
 ed it with the honest determination to use
 the apppliances of their best reason to
 fathom the mystery, if it was “pf the parth
 earthy” no small number of those who hate
 given it their attention would long since have
 discovered the deception and Juwe consigned
 its authors lo that ighouin which they
 would so riekly have deserved. 1 sty, and
 say it with soioe emphasis, that it argues- ne
 email degree, of. self-conceit in any one who
 is wiling, without heifer evidence then hes
 yet been or will be produced, to call this a
 delusion, and those deluded who claim it to
 he at least one of lie moat remwMde apeeiea
 id 1 phenomena the world bee eve* witnessed.
 ftegaruog the spirituality of, these mani
 festations, I wouM -eel .aesige to them that'
 :hvapt*l« M tbfre was any room for argu
 ment. It is, «l ell others, the. easiest end
 ipopt rational way' W&gt; account for them. ll
 s»y Uttawith wo, acdtiiti first ace naming,,
 i -.'f I,* In j tg]
 t l «te# M&lt;h hwthii 4 i,4
 i
facts which -shut util completely aay othej
 conclusion.
 The *»ode of communication has often been
 alluded to as repulsive snd totally at vartases
 with, that digipty apd refinement which ws
 would pleaae to accord to tb disembodied
 apirits oft our kind. Now it seems to me iI
 any one will reflect, w* l ft et at CObclo
 sionn by. joinpir.*, they can readily see that
 soch a view of the thing is about as devoid
 of calm rationality aa the common estimate ol
 manhood by the hue of the akin he wears.
 Just step with me from your office across 10
 the Telegraph Station, where the unseen
 lightnings are heralding to us the swift-wing
 ed thoughts fnoffall points of the compass.
 Hark! listen to that electric hammer, as is
 scores the language on the bit of paper. Do
 you hear the rapping! Click, click, click, I».
 it odious! No, it is beautiful! “I love to
 witness it” —you say. It is a triumph-of
 man's glorious intelligence, sud is robed
 about with that distinctive grandeur which
 marks its author as a be ng but “little lower”
 than those whose shining foreheads reflect
 the effulgence of the Deity. But how it raps!
 Yes, you will say, but th’S rapping is done
 by machinery, and therefore beautiful, Go
 with me again. But no, you will not; else
 I would take you to another station wheje
 the wires you here see are useless; where
 thought is borne to us from other worlds by
 less complicated means than is here used to
 bring it but a thousand miles. The embodied
 spirit has crossed mountains with his wires,
 has forded streams and robbed a forest to
 erect thereon his electric bridge, and con
 verses with his distant fellow. The disem
 bodied human, yet more ingenious, uses the
 simple elements ot our comnuou atmosphere,
 and rapt without a hammer.
 Very truly vours, n
 J. E. R.
 —i- I
 The Webster Trial.
 Dr. Webster's address to the jury, at the
 conclusion of the argument of the connsei.
 Chief-Justice Shaw now, with tears and
 other indications of strong emotion, addressed
 the prisoner by name, and informed him, il
 he had anything which he wished to add to
 what had been urged in his behalf by his
 counsel, it was his privilege to do so then;
 but it was a privilege of which he had the
 right to avail himself, or not, according to his
 pleasure.
 The prisoner then arose, and addressed
 the court and audience, rather than the jury,
 substantially as follows, iu a well-raised
 voice, but m a lapid and netvous maimer:
 ADDRESS.
 I feel grateful to the honorable court for
 this courtesy, lot I should like to give a lu»l
 xplanation of the vast net-work of circum
 stances which have been arrayed agoinst me,
 and have been crushing me for many
 months. But it would consume much oftbe
 valuable lime of the court, nor do I know
 that my strength would be equal to it. Nine
 tenths of what has appeared here, I think 1
 could explain, if I had a proper opportunity’
 —ill could have seen and known what these
 people were thinking and doing at the times
 they have testified about. In nine cases out
 of ten, I could have given a satisfactory ex
 planation of the circumstances which have
 been so unfortunately snd completely distort
 ed against me here. I think 1 had evidence
 which, with my explanations, would have
 cleared up these suspicious circumt.tances,
 and my innocence would have been eulirely
 established. But my lips have been sealed.
 I was in the bands of counsel, who were
 highly recommended to me, and I deferred to
 their superior judgment, sud they did not
 think fit to act upon my suggestion. I have
 placed in their hands the testimony necessary
 to explain very many things which have
 pressed most against me, but they have judg
 ed proper, in some esses, to disregard my
 wishes or instructions. If they had done so,
 many things would have lieeu cleared up,
 which will-now be misunderstood, beesi »e
 they have been perverted by the witness's,
 through then imperfect knowledge. Tluy
 have not thought proper to biing loith It u
 testimony, it would have explained much
 that the Commonwealth now objects agatpst
 me.
 But even now I will endeavor to correct
 one sutomem that has been urged here,
 taken from that letter to piy daughter, m
 which 1 requested that my wile should not
 open s bundle. That lias been greatly mis
 understood; but I can fully explain it. 1 had
 read in one of that kind ot p«|&gt;eis that are
 distributed in the jail, that 1 had purchased
 some oxalic acid, which was supposed to ite
 |or the purpose of taking out blood slams; It
 occurred to me that it musf mean Some citric
 acid, which my wife asked me to procure
 lor her, to be used for some domestic pur
 poses. 1 did not gel it the day she first re
 quested me to, snd she laughed at me when
 1 returned home from Boston lor having tor
 gotten her request. The next day, Which
 was Friday, 1 did get it for her, at Mr. Tha
 yer’s, under the Revere House, about twelve
 o'clock, and earned it home, and gave it to
 her. It was, from wfoat 1 lead in the paper,
 that I supposed it might be necessary to have
 the package pteserved, and that was the
 package 1 wrote about. 1 wanted it kept
 for evidence, it had no refeieuce to the notes
 which were placed tn the trunk by Mr. Cun
 ningham, I understood. n-»
 I wish to point out another circumstance
 a mistake, though an unintentional one, I
 have no doubt, in the testimony of Rev. Mr.
 Parkman. But 1 must say he has not done
 me justice. He introduced the subject of the
 aberration of his brother's mind, and 1 think
 he will recollect it, when I recalt the conver
 sation to his mind. He will .recollect dial, be
 asked me if a common looking laboring man
 was with his brother when he caate to the
 College, and he also asked me, it he had any
 lettuce m his hand, and I answered No to
 both these questions. I told him 1 did not
 notice any lettuce.
 Then a* to the nitrate of copper, or nitric
 acid it must be well known to person* ac
 quainted with chemistry, that I wanted it fwr
 my lectures,, iti which I explained and Of*
 hibited the changes in the air produced by the
 gases. The blood, too, was used in the
 leotuies. By means of gas, it could be
 changed trom its dark oolor to the bright
 yellow.
 It is said that I have been ea’m; but if I
 have been so, I have not felt so. In oqe
 sense lam calm. My trust is in God and my
 innocence. My couaselliave advised mo to
 keep oakn. I bad the money to pay Dr.
 Paikman. With regard to the money, l ean
 ■ayttbakl was .ir» the .habit of lay mg- 1 aside
 money, from time to tipie, to meet Dr. Psrk
 roau’s payment. The money I bad.ltuo*
 out of that little trunk,. hut unfortunately no,
 uo« s»w me isko.it out that, morning, before
 I earns ever t* Boston.•
 The reason I Sej(&gt;t toy laboratory locked
 latterly was, tv prevent jt Irani being din#-
 ranged. Formerly I used have students
 m there, to help me in making my prepara
 tions tor the iecieree, but they broke m many
 things that i ciinetadedt* do it alone. That
 is the rvwor. f kept if locked morn than
 fonr.arly.
 I ai home every night, and Mr v Sfit
 dereon'la m;«,t»*en in supposing hi saw me
 coming out of the omaihua aloua, one high)
 .that VWXv evidence*llt'ihe
 hands &lt;tt my couus»»l. shout where Waa at 1
 «hfefe» ittne*, wblch tbey have not uaedo&gt;l&gt;
 left tit# f’elioge on Friday afternoon, ahum
 three o'clock, to come (ip to town. J had
 I &gt;-*t W O (O «M&gt;
 mat. ti j
«*Tt Hill, or Crigbaip’s, where 1 bed ocea
 Anally been before to ff*t bite, 1 vent ir
 end got a .-bop; 1 the# went la Ml Kiddef» t
 end got into the ernniboe. The trMiil| I
 was able to ehow whare I wee, I notified' mj
 cooneel. I bed bought a copy of Humboldt
 eod etepped into Brigham’* to ge* a
 j if* ee I wee going ilong. 1 cellte off 1u i
 i hurry, and left the book. I bad it eent for,
 end the p*opi« recollected the circumstance;
 ■nd the book was found just where 1 left it;
 end by that meant J was able to fix it that ii
 was Wednesday evening, eod prove where 1
 waa that evening.
 Will ellow me to aay one thing more 1
 1 have, ieli more oppressed by whit haa been
 testified agaiist me about l those enoeymoui
 letter#, than by. enything eUe brought againal
 me et this trial; and I will cell P&gt;7 God tn
 m itnets, and if it should be the I**l wotjd 1
 ever should be allowed to apeak, 1 declare I
 never vrlute those letters. Since’they Were
 introduced into this case, my counsel has to
 •cttived a letter, in which the writer saya be
 wrote the one signed “Civta,” that haa been
 used here. A notice was put into jhe paper,
 calling upon him to cotqe forth, but he haa
 not been found. He may be in ihia court
 room, and if he is on this spot, and has a
 Spark ol humanity io him, 1 call upon him
 lo come forward. 1 1
 The prisoner now resumed his seat, some
 what tremulous from agitation. L
 t TBS CBS ROB; m t j i
 Chief-Justice Shaw proceeded, at first in
 a very low tone, to sum up the cate, and lay
 its bearings before the jury. He alluded,to
 the importance of tbe case; and went ob to
 consider the rules undei which the jury
 would consider and decide on the evidence.
 The solemnity and magnitude of the case,
 was 4ufficte.'illy obvious to the minds of tbe
 aibitrants in It. He next -touched on the
 nature of the relationship existing between,
 the law and its intermediate and final adminis
 tration—their separate and at the same time'
 corljunctive duties—for The performance «i
 which no one was responsible to another or
 a third party. The duty of' the jury was,
 simply to extract the truth Iron, the mass ot
 evidence, and found their verdict upon jt.
 The law gave the confidence of security in
 doing so, and would take up the case as it
 fell thus iegitmately from their hands.
 The indictment was next alluded to, and
 the qualify and degrees of crime, as included
 under tfie general law of homicide, described.
 These distinctions were briefly enumerated,
 as were also the nature and effect of piemedi
 tation or malicious motives pointed out, as
 they operated as an aggravation of any act of
 homicide. The nature of provocation, suf
 ficient or limited, was also explained, and its
 bearings on the several charges defined. No
 provocation.by words only was allowed as a
 justification for a mortal blow. An opponent,
 carrying mortal, weapons on his person, and
 threatening injury at the same time, furnished
 a kind of justification for homicide; but any
 thing malo ctninm being proved against an in
 dividual, precluded him from the benefits of
 llie distil ;tiua made between murder and
 manslaughter. If a man used a deadly wea
 pon in attacking a man, and pleaded the in
 tention not to do him harm by its use, harm
 having occurred which issued in death, malice
 was implied; but if, m attack and defence,
 homicide should ensue—the parties being
 mutually engaged in a quarrel—the issue
 having proceeded from heat of blood, the
 charge would be manslaughter.
 In the present case, there was no evidence
 of heat of blood, or personal mutual coqflicf
 whatever. Connected with it, thfee tilings
 weie to be proved:
 Ist. That death had occurred to Dr. Park
 naan’s bodv;
 3d. That hit life waa taken by John W.
 Webstcv; and
 3d. Did or did not Dr. George Park man
 meet his death by suicide, or any accident,
 which might naturally have befallen him?
 In the eye of the law, there were no dis
 tinctions; life having been taken by violence,
 tbe law took up its iavesiigstiun, whoerei
 might be charged, and no individual was in
 vested.with any legal immunity who Was
 thus charged, So it was with, every uutior
 crime. None were, exempt firoru the power
 of the law, the facts being known to its
 officers and administrators. The charge
 against defendant is, (hat he murdered Dr.
 George Parkmati, and otrtumsianttal evil
 depce was brought to proxe the fact. No erne
 had »eep the manner of, death, yet the law
 aid it could h&gt;* proved by cirpumstances. Few
 of all criminal acts which destroy the publiq
 peace, and subvert its security, would be
 puntshed if the law provided otherwise. This
 law, like all other*, had its disadvantages as
 wpU as ita advantages. Crime.btunr general
 ly commit wed in secret, no possibility of proof
 would be secured, unless Providence had pro
 vided that the great chain of pircumsuncqs
 which might follow should be taken to, grove
 that crime had been committed. In many,
 very many instances, tacts were capable" of
 beisg clear and correct conclusions, arid cir
 cumstantial evidence ot ibts character was
 tnepefpre experimentally approved of. t*-
 Supposing that,the teeth found were pro
 ved tw be those belonging to Dr. Parkman,
 the body, or collective pyrts of it foujtd, al
 though they thight not’lie satisfactory identi
 fied as the body of the deceased, yet the
 height and general appearance, it furnished,
 mil being inconsistent with the presumption
 that the body wa* that of Dr JEVikwan, were
 npt to be thrown out of proof. The piewnce
 of the teeth favored thq presumption that the
 body might be there. Several analogous in
 stances Were enumerated to itlußiraie this,
 point.
 The general conclusion- draws froth the
 cul.auon of precedents was, that circumstan
 tial truths wpre as reljabje ,*ct,q*J, observa
 tion. Two facts supjorUng one conclusion,
 and circumstances concurring, had a St rung
 telidency to furnish a clearrebult ln the shape!
 of proof.
 One thing was to be noted as a circumstan
 tial proof, namely, any pijdetyqur to conceal
 testimony of facts t in order to screen crime.
 If was this order of circtfmdlantial .proof,
 which caused the uncle, whose ON was quo
 ted by counsel for defense, to be condemned
 for the murder of his neiCfej he hid denied in
 practice the simple fadi that the girl hyd run
 away, -c**'! i».,i'.ntui i J
 His honor, next laid down, at number of il
 lustrative and .dsgsi. tq enforoe
 the proper view of.thtq vajpety
 tiajjjroof.,
 "Tne'lealous’y which shdfiTd accompany the
 cbnsiderktiAh'di' (ti€
 furnish an wfifii 1 in the pretest--ease, 1 was erij
 lorced at some l*ngtb.&gt; o a
 What const* tied, reasonable doubt next
 engaged,(the fiUtfliWß ,yf'bs leyrpfd chief
 justice. It wks designated tp be,what would
 weigh upon lite mind with' folce—engender
 k doubt whihli 'c'oufd b« be IhroWn aside—
 ahd included every thing without the 1 scope of
 naorttf certkiniyi&lt;' Ho then tobkiip the-detoils,
 uf the ifltUctm*.nl, and the objectioos offiered
 to.ua vaUdiy........ i,o
 indict four modes of
 killing—fpur substantial charges or ddferiiT
 adt’s having corntaittedthe crude dfmtlrder
 The itoetu ol 'iltli diffusa rrmnner of charging
 waa; to sedbre-proaf that SoiuOoae mode of
 killing was substantiated hytitbe,evidence.
 .Th*! goveimoeot- Jot «know whaj.
 iqedflot
 evidence was given; tod tt was necessary Mi
 have' such form Of indictment W 'Would en
 crimpsss kit lofd rtieariS that'feitt hc adopted
 for kilhAgtafiefi tt the use of ehkwsfcirm, by
 nmningoser by a sdtsm»esgine, ei the usa
 olany new means w is sent, w ,tbat prpfreps
 oMghlhflog vyjMjbtyi teach of the desuoyef
 SBlfM ft* Me &lt;rj.rae(f l rttailfcciof
 Parkman had I&lt;*l his lib i„ Ukp di&gt;ll«gd I ‘’and
 Was no decided dfeecvshy extdting tbaeiWs
 mode or meant of hid Maath ahouM l)e speci
 fied* iTha aaljdsiytsrf the ,fdu«th&gt;couaf«w**
 ihejadore, deeidcdfTT4t vyae *kiu to the
 ,f b|l#» ncmil! (»tll Ml j
 v»*v h*» tj o
ta giten in eridenoe, were then *e»pitulated
 in detail, as abo the ra*n» taken to dwcewei
 him, which ultimately, reeled in the ntidief
 ui the romtins.
 Th* firet question w re
 iheee the realms of Dr. PerkmaH? lb*
 •oliiion of tiu. q tt 7 intolted a eompariaor
 ol ih* P ,oof 'du bvth of the evidence
 The mere matter of bolding an opinion, in
 dependent ef any fully-corsobo rating eircutn
 stance, waa not .to be balanced in the mm&gt;
 scalejsilk one which l\sd numerous coneat
 ring circumstances to support it. 1 his wi&gt;
 ibe general ouooiuiion we could infet from the
 remarks 6f hi* honot.] There must have
 been hunfoedsor ibuusands of people who
 Umar hare seen Dr. Patkman o® the atrcti
 un the day ho waa aaid tu hare bpp»\ eeen, a?
 those who testified to have him: the se
 quence was uncontrovertible-
 [Considerable seusation was'wfanHdsled a*
 the dsfehsq thus tottered under the instruction
 of the veuerabW judge, and dropped piece
 meal to the ground.]&gt; 1
 There was a matter tdr ibe consideration
 of the jury 1 namely, the identity ef the
 of the body found, one with another, *®d the
 whole witfi the remains found in the futpsce
 especially the ieeih. t The testimony on the
 teeth involved a very curious inquiry bo mi
 nute have been anatomical observations, jhat
 the bones of even,could be iden
 tified easily, and auy isolated portion of ihe
 human body could be located by the same
 minute experience. &gt;ln f the ,*»®d manner*,
 observation Jhad enabled the demists-—Dr.
 Keep, and his assistant, Dr 7 Noble— -to iden
 tity their own work. Dr. Morion’s testimony
 did not" affect grektly their opinions, which
 1 were again supported by other competent
 judges of this branch of an. If these leeih
 were those of Dr. George Patkman, then the
 head was also that of George Parkman, aa
 were also belonging to him the parts uf die
 body lound in the premiaes occupied by Df.
 Webster in the College.
 In respect lb" Littlefield's statements, the
 whole of the evidence did n«* depend on his
 testimony; but the jury would cuuaider the
 mudstnd manner,.in which he gate it, hod*
 given such weight as it was worthy to bear.
 Not much could be drawn from the con
 duct and manner of the defendant dtfing the.
 interval between the murder and the airest.
 There waa rtoTtrie by which deportment
 could be measured; tberefere itUle conclusive
 effect ooold flow from it, »o help the other
 prouts. l- ,i. T ,j. t
 Judge. Shaw spoke for thiee hours.
 The jury, then retired, exactly at eight o!
 clock and the Court adjourned ui session, to
 meet again at eleveb o’ clock.
 The jury came in at ten minutes to eleveo
 and the court immediately followed.
 The clerk now called un John W. Web
 ster the prisoner at the bar, to stand up, and
 hold up his right hand, which hfe did—at the
 same time ahowing much physical and men
 tal agitation.
 A moment of the most awful suspense en
 sued The audience with “bated breath,’’
 concantialed their gaze on the foreman who
 firmly but solemnly announced the firftal
 word, “Guilty!” and a sigh of painful re
 lief burst from the heart of every one present.
We return our grateful acknowledgment*
 lo Hon. Horace Mann,,Hon. J. P. Hale,
 Hon. J. R. Giddinga, Hos. S. Chase, for
 valuable-Coegrewtonal docuraenla.r— r. D.
Buffalo, April sth, 1850.
 Mr. Editor: The Ladies’ Literary and pro
 gressive improvement Society of this Cay
 would desire lhrough the medium ot your val?
 uable paper, to acknowledge the Receipt ul
 Five Dollar*, forwarded by the Rev. M.Jtt.
 Clarke as a Donation from Golden Rule, No.
 3, ot the Independent order of Daughters of
 Temperanoe, of the City ef Pitlahurgh, Pa.
 SYDNA E. R. FRANCIS, Pres.'
 Mary E. Weir, -Sec.
Receipts
 For (hi North Star, since the date of last ac
 knowledgment, to April 10, 1850.
 Minor P. King 1,00
 J. M I obey 1 2,00
 K. I'. With* It A. f. i'' ■_•••• ‘2,50
 George Coots 1,00
 W.K Footer 1,00
 JatoetCogswillo 2,00
 Catherine Wileox 1 r f "r,od;
 Emily Whiling I 2,00
 Tlidmae Speer t ‘2,00
 Wayne J* Mamikon 1 2,00
 f-JisalietitOgletun 1,00
 'N O. Herreodeau u. 2,00*
 Austin Stewart. i....... 2,00
 Alfred Kay ley -n j Y,U&gt;
 Both Carr., -t! „.i, "1 0V
 Rev’dA, Cole.i, .i_j I.W
 ,Wfl. KputUU 2,00
 D Himtiiigtoa r j Jitf _ (tt T,i)o
 Ct lie A- Uattejy 'l 4 j2t
 I**iab Bunker ..,,i
 John Oberacr# I.OA
 C F. Clayton 1,00
 JN. Bond u -»m»
 Isaac shedd 1 I^oo
 Joseph B. Pope 2,00
 J.irno, William* ,1,00.
 Jarvis Shove faQQ,
 LewTs Woods v ,,;2,00i
 Ricliard Johnston 1,00
 O Turder i“ u
 James Jones ,1,00
 "i vfc Randolph 7* ik 1.00
 Francis Jaeksaß 2,00-
 John W.'fthy l 1,66
 1 i- —lll
 W«AT THE NOVA-SCOTIANS PH IN K
 [From (be Halifax Sun,.Sept. 24.1548.]
 WelwM never had piy great faith in
 medicines,” a* they are called: but at the same time,
 we-think it -quite possible-Matty of tnesie contain
 dtos* heating properties, which from their:beneficial
 influence on the constitution, hare led, to the Many
 published laudatory certificates in tTieir behalf, We
 hare now to speak of our own experience. Last
 winter, for a length of, titan, we severed from’*a‘
 heary cold caught in the rally part of the season
 —our cough being rioleut and harnessing—and.more
 Sr ska curiosity than any belief in iis Virtues, we pro
 cured a battle pf Wister’* BaUaro; end afc ar*'
 free io confess, ttjat ere we had swallowed its con
 tents,in fitful dose* as prescrilied, cough’and,C9M
 had‘left u*. -As the Agent-for the Proprietor of tty*
 Talsai/fe mediate in this.PilK ,fff Mention
 this fact m proof of its qualities, that we pmy have
 our testimony, be the Value*(ff it wlifif it Inayi »v,ud*l
 tO&gt; that of otliers asnuiarly benefited..
 •*bi. [From Ike Boston Mefdaatilfr Jountal.]
 This medicine, coming from a respectable spurcq
 snd carefully prepared by an experienced and skill
 ful phyai«ias r is received 4&gt;y-ihe public witb'osnfc
 deuee. Its efficacy has been proved ir many ob
 stinate cases of disease, and ilsfinpe hap rapidly ex
 leaded, 'ft ha* been extentfitufy usediri every part
 ef.the country* paeViculariy ia tbs .Middle and.N ordi
 w '“fj. l nt
 and bigtily respectable persons, has been adduced in
 fitvur of it# merits' as a remedy fi«- Colds ami
 .Ceegus»&gt;AfibMieus of the Chest,. Umsased., Idrer*'
 look wt'u fo rki marks ’6r Life oxkbtNx!'
 If*genuine Babkita in put up&lt;iu Males, with
 the words “Dr. Wislar’s B»W«s» of Wild Chury.i
 laii.if n.i s.i-.ii »c wiwrAß,
 Also the signature of l. BUTTji on. the ouuide
 Jiliui a,l l in' I
 rr_ r Ht f j r. &gt;-iu -&gt;y* I ti »«mf
 ORATIFYIIid iNTBbLUIISNCB.
 Wt 'Oflhh'oehnAT wAWe SUanV
 Qiatnssne Md Condition Powders have been intro
 d^ed, the j.TOMjptor,«*.«
 intefimneo or their remarksfile eSacts nud pnpuUn-
 IV. »ind Mn tiMde «f» vostmeet, they bavp ihuun
 pn«d over disease# which had baffled tlw *kdl
 rsmndiec now ia use ed nU**r
 t-iifff««e4f horse# and
 r tgenu’ namas at the head of BltSUn’*
 i column. Fbr particular*
 |&gt;tPMipWeti«f j -cf*
 io'*n .iiuii t ini 'Me
 &lt;t»-yi!| |u| sist!&gt;a)i w«|l *4 ,Vl
31 him; list mutts
would Woit respectfully inloi Hi* ft tends end the
 public gevwJ, Jjptfw.ba* for H- k -“&gt;"j»oda.
 tion. opei,% j,;, o ffie* for thn keeping of
 mstotg sceoouu, wriling letters upon business,
 Deeds. Hilts, Bono*, Mortgages, the Untwine of
 Übsds,- snides of agreement, Constitutions, W
 laws, reports^communications,.lre Ac., at.Ne.lfi9,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa
 where by hie »triel attention' to btihi-tas be hope, j
 10-.seeate their patronage, aad merit their confi
 dence and ealarin. Terms Ca«h. pfljce hour*
 from 9 A.ri. to 9 r M.
 Also Agent for the North Star, sfogh- copier
 of Which'raa bd obtained; add the sate "Of Lou in
 Lebanon Cemetery. *f
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 L THe Mjtaertous Ilofses
 IN ROCHESTER wd Western New York—A
 history ofahene remarkable sounds and of al.
 &lt;he Sir. me I be none na connected therewith, th.
 Spiritual Communications 4tc. Itc pi ice, simile
 i I2scti —10 ropier for 81. Orders by mhti will b*
 I promptly aitended to. l s .1
 Teu Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with oilier new nod valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will he giveu.
 A snail capital ef from *l5 tp 825 -ivqniree, aud
 the agent will be ipdais.nijetnigai^s^lo^.
 tnaT29‘»4t 1 Arcade Hah 1 Rochester, N, Y.
 Hope Grand |nlon Daughters of
 [Temperance.
 THE h6PE GRAND CMOS Daughter* of th.
 "State of Pennsylvania,looted in thrCity of Phi
 ladeljihia', would moat respectfully announce to th&gt;
 Public, that they are furqppred to grant Charters,
 ;»ml organise Unions throughout the state of Peun
 •ylraiTta. 1
 Terms for Charter, ,i.
 Application* for Charters mu-'t be made to
 Hannah maria bundV,g. p. s. No i6B
 L Pine Stredtp i 1 ‘-‘--j
 tSAR4.II RICHARDS, G.S. 5. No. 147 So.
 ~i,
 A journal f6r every home
 1“ L m ttm -Mia.iO" ■r 1
 i. THICI l. .jl
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A«tcmtF«FKK, DtVOTEQTO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Re*
 form and Intelligence generally.
 WM. A. WHITE, and ’CHAS I W. SLACK,
 1. EDITOR S, .l.„
 j w I T m 1 .i t
 IT is universally concedetf that Intrm.prran.ct and
 Ignorance at* the ffuitful sources irt nearly all
 crime, and in tlteeradictiou of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of ill Editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with alt the enterprises, af Christian lieijpvolence.
 Combined with discussion qn these subjects, each
 number will contain'Gfcigmal and Selected Stories
 Letters from Corrapondentf, Articles on Agricultural,
 PhyMolttgtcal and Scientific Matters,literary Notings
 and Picking!, and a tomplete suminary of the News
 of the Wetk.
 The NEW-ENGLANDER ts in- its Ninth
 Volume, and the peesent is *u favorable tune to sub
 scribe. r
 TERMS.—Tw'tfDollars #*r Annum, in
 variably id advance. No stibeeripti.ni token for less
 than at mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM a. white,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New.York-Tribune..
 Water-Cure.—ln another page of this paper
 be )ound the advertisement of l&gt;r. Charles
 HoitDEVestablishment tor Water-Cure, atNurth
 impton,Mass.-* We, srAne--months had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival, imtl.is country of
 Dr. W. as a political lefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within se shaft a rid*-of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer.and prar
 tituunnar yf hydropathy, as .well a# the large curie
 of friends nis remarkable skill and general man
 keri have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patityiU the institution;.over which he n.e
 ides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of NtW Eug'and. 1
 DR. CHARLES MONDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 At north amp rdN, mun
 DE respectlallv informs his fHends a"d the
 public r .tliat lie lias become.ih« owner, of the late Pr.
 Huggins' vVater-CureEstalili-hment at Bensonville
 2 1 miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 Hums' rnle lroib Nhw-YorK, about -5 from Boston,
 mid 5 fniro Album .situated in ouejof.ihe plrasentesi
 rallies of ,'civ, ;u rounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks,'and afriuidai.tly tp
 |died with the pffiedt, •nfirit and efiklest granite
 water, The air is pare and healthy, and' the clim
 ate mi!d and agrerjable. I lip new anil
 buildings offer all the lieceiarV conveniences fnt
 'sdiierweure purposes, mtcle dn lafstfe plunge baths,
 douches and aiiy lodging xooyis,,for about 50 pa
 liegts, separate for eit er,sex, a gymm-ium ec.
 fjie Dbclo/ being tlie'iiirli'erV now I v ng disciple
 of'Pliessdrt* «t Gruefenbuigb, and lirtviog an ex
 jertenteof iuyielhan 13 yta.#.of hj.-vywt, hi* writ
 n«s on,S\ aUr-c.ure I eing in the, h.jiyl* of even
 European tiydiopafß',Mfiphl’to Vesjaiiid to any re.i
 semdile enpeoMltoiM Irani the -wlairr-eure-sysieui,
 imdeon the,pari of "ho way confide
 ihefnselvea jOjhiin.
 IM^ORTINT’TO-ThE LADIES.
 ,,u cfo/cKtor ci;oATi«'r
 10,000 Cloafi, Maniillas. and Frtnck Sacks,
 selling of al astonishing toil) prices i,|
 RESteCI+HJLLY INFORM OUR
 yv frhmdH UMdttp. publicjlJiwt one of Abet firm has
 opw returned frost Europe, wlieip Re has, been pur
 chasing/ We have received tlie LON’D&lt; »N AND
 FRENCH' FHBHK&gt;NSr Which ace wiry be tiuifuL
 feuin which we toe vei yexieunveL tnaiudaciurins:
 lk|C-, of the richest and ipost fashionable
 materials ui use’, such' as Velvelsj Turk Satins.
 Black 3ilkr, Frendh Alerinos, FlidtetClptlis, &amp;q t—
 rite designs and workmanship are estcelleiH,embra
 cing ln4n, slegance, and. dui&gt;dnlitv.
 \Ve woblil say tu rfie'LADIES.ONb AND ALL,
 da'EE AND'skis tor IfwAsELVTSW a$ we feel
 svarrani«d' in the, jivrimu thalyur 4V,UieS aie at
 least 25 per cent, less titan the materiuto can l&gt;r
 purchased elsewhere, and made uji id a more supe
 tior iua»i er than Aiiy cab get tlWih made up tliem-
 Aehres—some, good LUaiks nod Vwepee at- 83,50
 each.
 Our stoefif ofVich Bl.ick’ Silh’s. 'I t/rk Satins, Vel
 vettv Meiinoe', Ajinipeyand- FringK, is very large,
 aud will be sold off at! pri
 CKS. All persons ceriuiring such gouds are invited
 to caliaud eiamme our 1 sMck."
 a WAMBLEY BROrniERS.
 Emporium Block, 65,-Maiu st., 4 igoqhester, and
 T 4 Cathajjite st., New York. 3m
 Hair-CuUlbff and at-
 rrD. k 3. PATi’EftiSON's’ SalWfiV tinder tlie
 tJ* Eagle, BhUalo-street -"id t iiwv'lB-78^..a
 iui« in- n 1111— ii.i..,,4...—,
 TU«f«k CwrositF Simp,
 c t 48' ‘Ehhtxnrt Strike Rochester.
 LECJYtf SCOT+.'gfitMir fbk“ the patronage
 awarded hsm, &gt;wowd res,to»ifully. .&lt;inform his
 IrieqdtSaix| ttuHHiblic.Kner Hy, be has recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 Of Me VS*, sbM ClrtWrcnV.i-New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addiUmntoUiia depart
 be buy (ndhHousq ao*l Store Kund
 ture, »oolis, Jewelry, Taney articles, Mschamcfil
 and agrlcult«n*l implement*, and 'indeed all those
 various 1 adds- and SndaV .of whkrh,WX not
 readily.qbtaitied at other places. It is his intention
 to, Keep The Old'Curoslfy Shop** 'well furnished
 wMf M endless hariefy'ef ttrtiwlee fokbvhiiii he-will
 pay Bbera% awi dtgx&gt;»e of price*.
 ,,ea,ne,,
 4brget ‘♦T’WOklOwwitf Shop.
 .Rodstofast.MArch 1848 i .i,-
 I would rcwpdctfnUy iafotwi tbeeiwwmof Rochester
 I J ht v A'? n »r ed 11 y
 office Iroin No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street?« 1
 -1 fraad LAirs, ia.ffio, lix of t*y pixflfc*-
 •tMLgndJattenigf myself W»ji»e perfect
 satisfaction to all who may faror me with their pa
 -ot&gt;i»rf4. liJhHe"Ml* whe are de-
 HTottoi efhating wperaiiuns perLsmwi dn tlje teetl. or
 inflMd ««Mf&gt;
 TTZT n»««vAv CLARK-
 «N. JB.‘ Art «pemione performed by w oo ffie

 al In iiiii .’..if nir"m&gt;
 IT7ILUAAL U. LOGAN* o Fashionable
 BooU aod Show- purchase Street, Ne^
 funds oD.li I kill
 SsmSEßSSfe’st
 Pf- •--"j'l-Mmul-
 XfAkRATIVEOF p'REDER.
 DODOL4SBJ tgfjtMq|b|Hbi well’, to. bj
 1 di«. I7f&lt;f
 1 *1 ..sDunfi T«Dne uf |4(4f
 iff aitaiuslsQ
SLOAN’S COLDMN.
All the medicines adverti#ed by W. B. Sloan
 told bf fPoht tfc WlHi** |v inn low Young, Ro
 8. Kenahnw, Frankfort; A. S. Bainto
 Co., Lewiston; T. k A* Fry*, Brockport; Caleb
 W. William#, Bulimia; mad by
 no t ln «n;' Ma4hfoayhiii i ifaw United Stale#.
 FAMILY owtmemt.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT fe uniT „^.u.
 knowledged to be an infalli.bh; remedy in ever#
 name wheru it haa been faithfully la the bo.
 man system, for promoting Wn„ble Perapirntioa.
 drawing out the inflammation from 4 tmmid ro
 ller ing pilin' of every kind, and la' fl hr ali m
 rbties the world does not pm!**,* m W and
 public pronounce it the cheapen mad beat rami*
 ly Oimaienr that haa ever been utrd. All tii ~“na
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcere, OW Korea, Chit*
 hhnaa. Sore t hroat. Burn*, Cam, Cutaaaoae
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diaeaaea of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, aide, back, aad the
 ll le j g*"* «f *be ay stert, Boila, Ulcere, Scald
 Head, Brume*, treat, Wound., nod every bad af
 acres containing the leaat particle of inflammatiaa
 are permanently cured by thta jrtt-al remedy.
 _ W. B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40 k Uke at., Chicago, OL
DOCTORING IN GALENA..
 Mr. Sloan:—-Dear Sir AhoM three yean agu
 I waa severely injured ia one of one legs by the
 filling of a pile of wopd whict) oriaaioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly /IniUnc ia Qtku
 tried to cure them; but tried in v*W, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came aa bad aa the one originally- uoapdad. I
 despaired of ever being well ajf.'m ran ia order
 that I might neglect no means •*-.itnn my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Catena mome of your
 Ointment, and you can judge 1/ my surprise aad
 gratitude better than I can expteaait, to had my
 sell entirely well before I had finished using (bn
 sccoatMiox. 1
 These facta l make known that ethers afflicted
 many,believe, and not delay lining pu valuable an
 Ointment aa yours haa proved to' be. RaaoeetfaUv.
 your gYaifefof frieml, *YAN DAYSI?
 Galena, Ilk, Dec. 19,1848.
ON RIS HAIID9 AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir; I hereby certify
 that my son Alltert, eleven year* of ace, wan
 afflicted inhls feet frrfm the time Ve first Began U&gt;
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of cijdts, causing, pain and ~mHi
 affliction, m; ny times he was obliged to go oa hit
 hands and k ieks, and no time has he Been free from
 the sore affliction until now; ’baffling the skill at
 several physicians; but to,our aurpriaa his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an t (ree fioni -racks, all
 from ond application of vour fintnietit, I would auy
 the boy put.it on himself as aa experiment of kia
 own, frpm heating in recaramtndetL Nothing nor*
 was thought of it for three neck?, at which i
 his feet were near about in a. l«al;l&gt;y at-ite, and are
 now the same as though they never had been ether,
 wise. You're, Ac.
 ISAAC PADF.N.
ox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIV» I/AR6E DEEP ULCERS.
 Shi botoar, Wifc, March 2,1849.
 l)r.,W. B. .Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinieo,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill' of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that tt&gt; he a fact, 4 have a case in point,
 tp wit; Mr- James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, waa
 crippled two years with five large deep t deers, juat
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 ooeld not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated hu
 without, any beneficial effect,
 Last August, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 I succeeded'in reducingthe swelling and healed two
 of tlie soresu.. Tlie other three labored at till the
 first of February, without roucli benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’l Ointment, and
 ih tMee weekshe was well.' 1
 Respectfully yonre
 C- B. OS TJUNDF.R, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEHIjCINE
 IN THE WORLD.
v SLOA.VB Om'MtiA'T
 ..it 1 :1 AHft 1
 CONDITION, POWDER
 9 Have EARNED A GREET NAME.
*r&lt;4 CIRDtRS
 w. d:s£oah!—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that 1 should return
 to y.uu my onfcig.icd thank* far yoor uaraiUL*
 LCLKP 0 1 N T MtN Tlhrce any daugh*
 ier r s clothes caught fire, and before the dames &lt;«“M
 be extihguishe.i, riiey Mere all butht' io cinders, the
 child wasau-badly'turned. that death xeeinen inevi
 table in less Until twenty four,foijtjrg,. .Your OmtntcU
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief? It hi needless to'Sdcfthat the child is
 now well ami-about her business.—The medtcnu is
 all any more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should hayc it r in their posses*
 tfIC/ae*
 1 feel [indedled to yob for fay child’s life, and
 anything tb#L, I can, do fun you or your medicine, I
 am ready willing to perform.,
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Faint C»i«z, Lak* i
 F«1».28ib r .1549.&gt;.- J
 l!.-, l—a
 For Psniyi Jfu/Ny, t'ortmmtp]
 Sand Thorougfwti i NI.OAIS’S
 OINTMENT ExctU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments W»* intlSv fefthe cure ot the fallowing
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G dls of all kinds, Sprnine,
 Unused, Cracked died*, Rfagbone, Windgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, ttitfaet.
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet,
 Scratches or Grease, Mangf Distemper.
 ’l’lie l’owur.K wfll remove alf inflammation and
 fever, purity-the blood, loosen ihefskin, cleanse the
 waUiiVaud strengthen.every body; and
 a #oye»eigg,ry|p*(iy,far the fallow mg
 (iis€«l&amp;€B
 1 DiStertlper, Ride-bcAtnd, Lois t&gt;f Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow .Water, InUammAtion of the Eyas,
 Fati«u«t from liard, aers l sc- .AJo* Kheumatisa,
 (commonly called ptjfl which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses m'this country. It in
 afao'a safe and certain-remedy fbr coughs and cold*,
 which generate so many,fatal.diseases.
 W.J*. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Chicago, Illinois.
 Gasnot feeeaid in favor of Slottn’s Horse Medi
 A} I*** 1 acquaintances
 who have used (Item, tastily approbation in no
 ordtiiSrjr thfiriS, and fecortfaend them with coefi
 eetidew. 43e.wsv*lws»&gt;s mirwuWb** been efccted
 by this medipioe. *‘Ever&gt;,di«we which the horse
 ip heir to*' is cured, permanently- lw the use of
 Sloan V ‘fKY'TnflM and test for your*
 self dwlr slhseqyv—Jt. Organs‘Miy fed, 1849.
 *WKtif dr.
 Extract from tit Woukriila i}f*ocrat,'\Ww.
 Jfrfy s,lS4f*
 •‘Sloab’s Mxdicinks.” —A subscriber writing
 .frmIKIPWS pf *JS»F 'ue to my.
 that he has used Mr. SJqM a .jfyise Ointment us
 several Inktancfs tfeHh# the past winter, and
 always w#th *he.&lt;l*e«red sCuit, -a’id wishes ns to
 recommend if W &gt;nm&gt;Jinv* .the use and mm
 quanitnnM wmrdod'flfatleman, we are lad
 piepniod with a view to
 whatfs^r,pqrpom they m
 flM Mas* lin I,
 •*odf ftr hi**? tl Y I*
 d»«*&lt; IAJTI-I ISiU mp'
 Dn.W.fi. M
 A. B. Tailor, of Gopber Hill, lodim*.
 jgiiifeßiSgs
 Wi«ng| Sod .W; WftltOni»nCu M Mm
 M Jtm lU n
 Slfcpßr'suife HHi 'wSdT'three dsy. As
 iwrSs wwfiWo« usilyfit farmeftof was sctuafly ym.m
 iS?"d *4* BJ&amp;TlWftt.

 ft-taJinf fit M fla t ledT
 ArS&amp;i^iSfcr s w.
