Fr »tn the Dmm Alts*.
 ALGXANDKB DIXAR,
 m
 Damn and Ms 1W« ortwwftfir,
 devoted to tin* performance of bia own
 plays, constitute* the dramatic lion M
 I*aria. I(«• translation of Srttakeapemre'a
 Handel has created an ettr*ewi#«T
 dentation, and continues to he
 five mMi ,n UK wrti
 This cttraacdia»*7 ro n rßl#
 tXthe cause of 00—* «cKe,ne«.
 Am &gt;na his Other characteristics, Do*
 mZH 7 g”*' tpaw*r. Having
 visited the other quarters of the globe,
 he U fiaxhus to go to America. Being,
 however, mulatto, hs is said to fee
 afraid that he wilt be taken and sold a*
 a slave. This hts given rise to the
 following correspondence, of which I
 give yo« the the first English trans
 lation:
 moot uctasois dummas to
 tIOAt I. C. C—A.
 Paris. April I, 1917.
 Sir,—4 ahull make i»o apology for
 addressing you the present letter. I see
 your name enrolled among the lending
 l&gt;esncrata of the United States. I c*n
 not but feel assured that the request f
 am about to make will be cheerfully
 granted. My name cannot be unknown
 to you. lam the author of Monte
 Christo,” and other works, which have
 heralded my fame throughout Europe.
 I rank anting my personal friends
 many individuals of noble and even
 royal birth. I am the familiar asso
 ciate of the leading literary and scien
 tific characters of Paris, iam a mem
 ber of the Institute, and wear the cross
 of the Lrgioa of Honor. Yd my mo
 ther was of African blood, and I am
 n&gt;t ashamed to confess, that my person
 makes open declaration of my lineage.
 I have travelled in other quarters of
 the globe, yet, resembling my renowned
 namesake, who sighed to conquer new
 worlds. I am anxious to visit your
 transatlantic continent, in this fam
 less moved by vain curiosity, than a
 desire to breathe the pure atmosphere
 of civil liberty, and to mingle my ardent
 sympathies with those of a free and
 happy people. One tiling alone deters
 me from immediately realizing this
 cherished wish of my heart. lam told
 that my African blood will subject me
 to inconveniences in the United States,
 and that 1 may be even taken and sold
 as a slave, according to the existing
 laws. This, of course, I hold to be an
 atrocious slander, propagated by the
 envious monarchists of the old tvorld.
 Yet I have deemed it prudent to ad
 dress you on the subject, and solicit
 your advice. If tliere be any difficulty
 In my travelling through the United
 States, might it not be removed by my
 being invested with some diplomatic
 functions, which I have no doubt my
 friend and admirer the Duke dc Mont
 pensicr, would readily obtain for me
 An early reply to this note will confer
 upon me a lasting obligation.
 Accept, Sir, the assurances of my
 highest consideration.
 A. DUMAS.
 HR. C "N TO A. DUMAS.
 Charleston, Aug. 1, 1947.
 Sm, —I have the honor to acknowl
 edge the receipt of your letter of April
 Jst. Your name and fame are familiar
 ta me# yet I U+**- *W l» »U 1
 in the accomplishment of your wishes.
 Your African blood would subject you
 to imprisonment and slavery in this
 State, as well as all other slave States
 in the American Union. Your genius
 and reputation would afford you no
 protection. You belong to a rate that
 has been the slave of the higher and
 stronger races Iron* time immemorial.
 If you have read my various speeches
 and letters, you most be convinced
 that Slavery is an institution ordained
 by Providence, honored by time, sanc
 tioned by the Gospel, and especially
 favorable to personal and national li
 berty. That it is compatible avith de
 mocracy is evinced by the fact, that
 tire* slave States are the principal seats
 of democracy in this Union, and that
 we regard the Democratic party here
 as the main bulwark of the institution.
 That Slavery is favorable to civilization
 is demonstrated by the fact, that in this
 State, (Setrtli Carolina,) where the
 slaves are double the number of the
 whites, refinement of manners is car
 ried to the highest pilch, and Charles
 ton, its capital, is the acknowledged
 metropolis of American chivalry. It
 would not avail you, in coming here,
 to be invested with a diplomatic cha
 racter. Necessity knows no law. Self
 protection is the first law of society.
 Though Slavery is a benignant institu
 tion, and our slaves arc the happiest
 creatures in the world, yet they might
 be easily stirred up to rebellion. If
 free blacks were allowed to come here,
 they might excite their fellow Africans
 to insurrection. We live, Sir, ia the
 midst of a perpetual crisis. We must
 preserve our throats from butchery,
 our homes from conflagration, at all
 hazards. At the same time, we must
 maintain and perpetuate our peculiar
 institution. In such a state of things,
 should you visit Charleston, you would,
 doubtless, experience no insult, but you
 would bo politely turned out of town
 by our chivalry, as was lately the case
 in respect to a public agent sent hither
 by the State of Massachusetts.
 I am, respectfully,
 For the authenticity of these tetter#
 I cannot vouch, farther than to suggest
 that they may be imagined to suit the
 character* and circumstances of the
 parties.
 I am, yours truly r tS, G. L.
 Pr&lt;rji tarn New Yalk Tribune.
 GEN.TAYLOR AND TIIK FLORIDA
 BLOODHOUNDS.
 Mm* hi*® repeatedly requested to pub
 lish the foßowfaf U«ir, or asked if th re
 letter t® publish, but hare uni
 f,r doelfasd S*. until we find the
 »n) copied no* the Ucmtdl ouljWssU ui
 CoumJrca, both Taylor—®**
 «r« can now {five phu» to it Without sstaung
 So refleet invidiously ou Gsn. Taj'«or. W a
 will be thoroughly explteil, however, and say
 Hist we do not think it say worse t# roast
 huwiu bang* with Wfoedhouad* «haa with
 canoes aud rifle*. We know h raef be said
 th»t bkwdhmiiid* would uoi obey Grti. Tay
 for'e aireiSkW w*jt»rt«ia‘aouo aunty* wumoa
 Oa J chiulrwi, hut m ca inea balls and shelto
 any more diseuinkMMUng 1 Tto we not remem
 hw tbs (taring is ptears of women wad chit
 *4* '''s'

L “Sir: I hare the honor taiarkM yes a
 (communication, tU,* mo mail received, on U St
 •object of procuring b!wx»h»nm&lt;b» from the
 Aland of Cube, to aid the army in he opera
 now broken nn into email parties, that take
 belter m swamp* and hammocks as the arm
 approaches* making it imp— this far us to
 follow or overtake theca w ithout the aid oi
 such auxiliaries,
 Should this measure mact the approbation
 of tbs Department, and the wwesipprj' au-
 J ihority b? granted, 1 will open a correspond
 ence on the subject with Mr. Kvmtson, through
 Major limit, Assistant Quarter Master at Sa
 i ranoah, and will authorise him, if it oaa be
 I 'lose on roaaooebte terms, to employ a few
 logs, with pmaga who wodnrrtaod their maa
 agennat.
 i msti it distinctly understood, that my
 attic t in employing dogs is only Ns mctrtmn
 1 rrVrt tks Indians cm he found, not to worry
 them.
 I bare the hotter t* be,
 Yoor obedient ssrtrset,
 (Signed) Z. TAY LOR,
 Bt. Be. Geo. U. S. A. Commanding.
 To Ga, R. Jones, Washington, D. C.
 rr~—~T~~:
 NOTICES.
 WESTERN NEW' YORK ANTI*
 SLAVERY SOCIETY*
 Anti-Slayert Meetings.—C. L. Ri-
 JIVND and l. C. Hathaway, Agents of the
 WsHhf New York Anti-Slavery Society,
 will hold meetings as follow*:
 Canandaigua, Thursday evening, March 23.
 Rushvfllo, Friday afternoon and evening,
 March 24th.
 Penn Yan, Saturday evening and Sunday,
 March 25th and 2C»b, H
 I’rattsbtngb, Monday evening and Tuesday,
 March 27th and 2Stb.
 Bath, Wednesday evening -and Thursday,
 March SKth and 30th.
 AxtvSuavk&amp;y Office *jk&gt; Reading Room,
 is now open, in the 2d story, No. 25, Buffalo
 street, over E. Serantmn’s Auction store, torn
 9 o'clock A. M. tob P r M.
 A room is neatly furnished, and the tables
 filled with some of the best Anti-Slavery,
 Temperance, Religious, Political and Litera
 ry papers in the country.
 An assortment of Anti-Slavery Books and
 Pamphlets is offered for sale, and also a vari
 ety of rich fancy and useful articles, made by
 the Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Society. The pub
 lic, both city and country, are respectfully
 invited to call, avail themselves of the privi
 lege of a free Reading Room, obtaia supply
 of books, and purchase such artiefos as they
 may need or desire.
 ANTI-SLAVERY MEETINGS.
 Jonathan Walker, from Florida, and
 John S. Jacobs, from North Carolina, will
 address tlie people at the following named
 placss aod umr'* Will the friends of Imi
 manky at those places make the necessary
 arrangement, and assist them from place to
 place
 Fairport, Saturday, March 18.
 Egypt, Sunday, 19.
 Peniield, Monday, 20.
 West Walworth, Tuesday, SL
 Corners, Wednesday, S 3.
 Williamson!, Thursday, 23.
 Marion, Friday, 24.
 Palmyra, Saturday, 25.
 TRIBUTE TO EX-PRESIDENT
 ADAMS.
 Agreeable to public notice, a large mad re
 spectable public meeting of the colored citi
 zens of Philadelphia City and County was
 held on Monday evening, 28th February,
 1648, at the Philadelphia Institute, Lombard
 street, to testify their respect for the memory
 of the late Hon. John Q. Adams. At the
 appointed hour, the meeting was duly organ
 ized by the selection of the following officers: j
 Rev. Stephen Smith, President; Jos. P.
 Humphrey*, Win. P. West, Vice Presidents;
 Win. Allen, Secretary. The Chairman, in
 an appropriate manner, explained the object of
 the meeting, when, on motion, it was
 Resolved, That a Committee of five be ap
 pointed to prepare suitable resolution*.
 The following gentlemen wtere thou chosen
 as said committee, viz; Franklin Turner, Jas.
 McCrummell, Geo. W. Gomes, Rev. Wm.
 Douglass, Dr. D. I. Peck.
 After the Committeehad retired, tbe meet
 ing was addressed by Abraham Field, Joa. P.
 Humphreys. James Carter, D. B. Bowser,
 Dr. J. G. Bias, and several other gentlemen.
 After which, the committee appeared, and,
 through their Chairman, presented the follow
 ing preamble and resolutions:
 Whereas, it has pleased the Almighty Dis
 poser of evf**ts to remove, by the hand of
 Death, the renemlS *nd faithful Patriot, tbe
 lion. John Quiney Adam*! pud whereas, we
 have perceived with great pit'•arc the up
 right and manly career of this great aird good
 man in behalf of Human Liberty, and
 indomitable courage in endeavoring to secure
 the right of petition to alt, irrespective of
 color, therefore,
 Resolved, That this melancholy event,
 occurring within the walls of the Capitol of
 the United Stales, at d while in the discharge
 of his durian as a IMP 0 111 IIVO of the Peo
 ple, was an appropriate close oflua active, pa
 triot* and duftrog-usbed career.
 Resolved, That we, the colored people oi
 the city and county of Philadelphia, deep!)
 deplore the h** of so fearless an advocate oi
 ibe rights of man, and one whom opposition
 could not danut, aor tyranny affright.
 Resolved, That wc not only admire him lor
 his noble stand on the Right of Petitioa, bnt
 for his consistent opposition to the abominable
 «v«trea of slavery, and the'addition of Slave
 Territory in whatever shape it baa presented
 Uselt,
 R -solved. That a Commutes af three
 he apptdated to transmit a copy of there
 proceedings to tbe finally of the ifluttrians de
 f tpi nlwAiro uuuuwttiwalwlok saawi vor
 I AW iwUvß pvcmnewnw nmiiifonf Wsrt*
 1 read, accepted, and, after some diaetiamoe,
 1 severally put and adopted.
 It was ato farther
 Resolved. That Franklin Turner, Geo. W,
 *0 (fill f ids*** ITWtWW J •••1
 f t-v- HV*r ti 14%
SPtftOttf
 «jS K§
 Wm. Eccrcsary.
 Y ...£h- r.
 Another—
 Sm:-Y«n payer »d brassed to Micnjth
 rcs« Xz2^.^?p^r«“i
 umger. lour

 Once Bi prfcfis oae wiß epeac ia this
 fi
 A. Lsathz*, 6*;—The Eagle ad
 dressed to Asm Jiggers m ns longer taken
 out. About mx mouths since be wm caught
 stealing sheep, amt would bare been cent to
 jail W he hadn’t ntn a*v*y. The last beard
 of hba, be wee in Bradford, Canada, and 1
 would receuraend you an semi his paper there.
 He bred to mpd jeer paper, and might pos
 siMy pay for it some time or other if yon
 should send &gt;etn*
 t M.
 f‘- bdw &gt;4 Ms
 Every pber- of character ia delineated by
 those eommauveatioM, embracing the cool,
 st ir I^s, the indefinite, and, as in
 the following, indulging in a harmless jeo
 d’esprit:
 Reason: Dead. Died of ship ferer since
 subscribing for North Star. So you see his
 aUtr has set to rise no more on earth.
 THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER; MARCH *7,1848.
 r— 'T
 THE RORTH AND THE FBE
 i) SIDEKCY.
 The public mind is at present deeply en
 grossed, and apparently perplexed, on tho
 question as to which of the manstealers, or
 hired assassins,” shall be nominated to nm
 an candidates, in the approaching political
 campaign, for the Presidency of our slave
 holding and slavery-propagating Republic.—
 Upon whom the nominations will fall, is ex
 ceedingly doubtful, if anything can be learned
 from newspaper speculations about the mat
 ter, for the greatest confusion prevails among
 them with respect to it. But one thing is
 certain: Slavery, the old President-making
 power, ia still on the throne; and it is equally
 certain that, as on all former and similar occa
 sions, it will so shape and control tho de
 cisions of each political party, as to leave
 liberty with nothing to hope from either.—
 The old game of *4O and *44, will be
 played off again, and the friends of freedom
 will be again dogged with tbe doctrine of
 choosing between two evils, as if moral evils
 could be separated. The people of the North
 are juat now, if we may judge from their
 noisy tumult and clamor, sporting joyfully in
 the delusion of imagining themselves parties
 to a decision of the question of who shall be
 nominated. Infatuated and deluded men,
 how long will you be deceived Your voice
 in this matter is without weight; your boasted
 power is a shadow you have surrendered up
 your proper influence in the choice of rulers
 in your unholy union with slaveholders; you
 have joined hands with tbe wicked man
 stealer, to rob and plunder your equal brother;
 and though you may share with him, to the
 foil, the vile profligacy and infamy of his
 crime, as for from being equal to him is
 power, you tro but his mean, servile and
 cringing tassel. You are eaught in the snare
 which you set for others, and are under the
 same yoke, in part, that you imposed on the
 neck of the oppressed and despised black
 man.
 It ia in strict accordance whb all philo
 sophical, as well as all experimental knowl
 edge, that those who unite with tyrants to
 oppress the weak and helpless, will soonor or
 later find tho ground-work of their own
 rights and liberties giving way. The price
 of liberty is ete.nal vigilance.” It can only
 be maintained by a sacred regard for the
 rights of all men. The people of the North
 have sought to attain sod secure their rights,
 by a most flagrant infringement of the rights,
 liberties sad happiness of others. They have
 consented to stand side by side with the ty
 rant, with their heels ca the hearts of fettered
 millions, leaving them to perish under the
 weight of what they eaH “our glorious
 Union, and in so doing, ltavw given the
 Southern slaveholder the most effective power
 to control and govern the North. You may
 flatter and flounder as you may about Wihnot
 Provisos,” No extension of slavery,” and
 V Northern President”—you are under the
 yoke, yen ate in the traces, and wiH continoe
 to be as until yon end your anion with stove
 r* oiucrs. ana uiicny soniwion your
 fWiHfitfififlin Yah Ihhl Imalr ttr ermtirm# in
 *VO UIWWI WwWwj w» vVlillllTO tw
 hug your chains.
 The grand ever-ruling interest and all
 pervading element in this boasted Republic, b
 slavery. It reigns without a rival. Repro
 bating, «s it dogs*, most Ana twelve hen fired
 tuition v'foltors, itjsabte te bring to da aid the
 overwhelming suflueues sf hath political par
 tics. To this iotortit, the Whig as weH as
 (he Democratic party lekng. Yes, they
 behmg to it. They bats mutually twora
 to remain true to ftorery, whether wh
 in without its present limits- ‘‘Our
 countrr however bounded.** is but another
 Each party is ihs property sf At thwbcUer,
 sad voo frltor to thess sorties. You *h»sk
 Touvtehrcs free; bo* tbe truth to, yoaMrag
 to these minks as much as we ever hetottged
 in tW tuvttftl TtiLrmss A old
 7.r?T.—..A indrourotoobra
 Yam nun cate for tbe mtndcier. 01 mao.
 —t— mm mrl criminal at wu Swth.
 ar* *Hs r w
 mm antim best s^to^d
 tS’ taamtasn
 aot yoamlvcs with the delusion that you
 have say voice ia asmiasting thorpsraouswhs
 Mithn Iti. «m’wh’ Oh
If it m aU Im&gt;4 Tbmy wmsm ffiMfcm
 t&amp;sssaszpsr*
 Sws|3te
 Rnobred, That this Staterswilling to tor?
 ■amwar
 fem*m*s*t pup Ale **rt«, to*"*
 our common rights.
 Resoved, Thai foe Start*** South Carolina
 will regard tie passage of anyactby tie
 General Government upon the subject of ala*
 very, in violation of the right* of the Sooth,
 a* annulling the Federal Compact, and upon
 lie portage of sod an act, w»« esmifcrfeer
 *df at to form a aew, separate and
 Tie following are from the Alabama Do
 moeratic Convention, and are equally bold
 and decided, and we hesitate not to say, that
 the spirit which framed these resolutions will
 decide die question as to who shall be the can
 didate in the approaching election
 Reached, That this Convention pledges it
 self to the country, and. its meaabets pledge
 tbemsehes to each other, tenda no pohUcal
 necessity whatever, to support for the office of
 President and Vice President of the United
 States, aay person who shall not openly anti
 avowedly be opposed to either of the forms cf
 excluding slavery from the territory of the
 United States, mentioned in the resolutions, a*
 being alike in violation of the Constitution,
 and of the just and equal rights of the citi
 zens of the alaveboldiug States.
 Resolved, That these resolutions he con
 sidered as iosticctior.s to our Delegates to the
 Baltimore Convention, to guide them in
 their votes in that body; aftd that they
 vole for so man for President or Vice
 President, who trill not uneymoocaiiy avow
 themselves to he opposed to either vf the forms
 of restrkting slavery whuk arc described in
 these resolutions.
 In perfect consistency with the foregoing
 resolutions, Congress ban, within the last few
 days, voted down the only principle upon!
 which the North has made the slightest show
 of independence. The only foundation ef the
 North is gone, sttd whil e the South stands
 firm, bold and united, in favor of the com
 plete preservation and exter.skn of slavery,
 and the permanent supremacy of the slave
 power, the North lies disjointed, scattered,
 and confused, with no great and commanding
 interest or principle to maintain ox defend.—
 They stand like so many Russian soldiers,
 respectfully awaiting the command of their
 superiors. A threat of dissolving the Union
 makes them shiver in their shoes with terror.
 The bleeding wounds of outraged freedom
 plead, but plead in vain. insulted
 liberty, the nu.s&gt;t precious boon, for which
 the fathers poured out their warm blood
 on the icy earth, pleads for assutanco, but
 has no power to move them to manliness,
 and coldly* disdainfully and sacrilegiously
 called by them an abstraction. They
 are your practical men, and prove their right
 to the name by adroitly allowing every favor
 able opportunity for making an issue with,
 and aiming a blow at, the slave power, to
 pass unimproved. The Wilmot Proviso was
 an issue, and one of much consequence; and
 we have no doubt that many at the North sup
 posed that now would come a noble struggle on
 the part of Northern freemen against Southern
 slaveholders; nor can we doubt that many,
 in both the Whig and the Democratic party,
 meant to stand by the principles of that Pro
 viso at all hazards; but they little understood
 the base metal of which they were made.—
 Large numbers, in both the Whig and De
 mocratic party, at the very first word cf their
 Southern masters, meanly deserted then prin
 ciples, the Whig* dropping entirely the of
 fensive word “No more shoe territory,” and
 adopting the soulless (me of No more terri
 tory;” sod the Democrats, repudiating ibe
 idea of making the Wilmot Proviso a tent in
 the sorting Presidential contest, thus yielding
 up to their masters everything which they
 have ever demanded. What respect can the
 South have for such servile dough-faces
 They have hot to shake foe rod, and they
 are down upon their knees at once, soeingfor
 pardon. We hate, with a perfect hatred, foe
 supercilious arrogance of Southern slave
 holders but we cherish a most burning con
 tempt for their miserable allies at the North.
 We feel disgust, mingled with deeper hate,
 for (he mean subserviency of foe North.
 We are glad to bebeve that there are yet a few
 in each political party who would he pleased
 to have foe coming contort waged on foe
 principle of the Wilmot Proviso, but they
 are foe youthful, aad not foe hvfioenttal of
 foe parties. They are the weak against the
 strong. Could John Ton Buren rally a few
 as noble as himself, a stand might possibly be
 made by at least New York aad New Eng
 land for freedom. He, however, is unsup
 ported, aad we wait to see him crashed,
 though we will ever yet hope fas the triumph
 of htsnwverteaL
 ISAAC EITEf.
 This venerable friend of foe Anti-Slavery
 cause, and foe cause ef righteousness gen
 erally, died at his residence in
 OB Friday, 3d of March. Ho had for seven)
 yean been almost deprived cf foe qpe of bis
 limbo by a stroke of paralyao, after which
 he was frequently troubled with turns of
 slight Alness, from which he bad speedily re
 covered. It was in the hrt of these toms that
 his pro spirit went to foe God who gave il
 ls his dcub,a bereaved and devoted wife
 keees an affections* busbar*, and a large
 bou! J r
 tuteeie friend. Flow earnest sousocuoe
 with foe AnfoSfemy eaaae, we have know*
 ifij heoae waa open to all who wore in
 o&lt;Jrffoefcwwho bod^riurtpbodown
 m this country, aad treated foe dsopised bbdk
 m Koines* so tbeueh his
 »if w. wnn mS mu* rjjjw

 BT Wo am Bon- Jota a
 «S*t P^f***c
 of AiktMin Y*_i achvinc MMmrtrtttisi
 fir V*:
PUCK I pRACBf rZACBI
 TMjojrM 11^^^
 and for thbreasoa, we Mm that fey pern
 a vigorous prosecutkxi of the sod berald
 «g »t* Woody trremphs with apparent rap
 tore, and glorifying the atrocious deeds oi
 bwferoa* heroism on the part of wicked men
 engaged in it, hare do sincere lore of peace,
 and are now not rejoicing orer peace, but
 pbmdtr. They ham succeeded in robbing
 Mexico of berterritory, and are rejoicing arm
 «f a regard hr peace. Had they not «se
 needed in robbing Marino «f the most torpor
 tant and naeat vahrsMe part of her territory,
 many of those now loudest in then- professions
 of fever lax peaee, would fee feudest and
 wildest for war—war to the knife. Our soul
 is sick of such hypocrisy. We preseme the
 churches of Rochester will return thanks to
 God for peace they did nothing to bring
 about, and boast k an triumph of Chris
 fiaajly That eal is put te the wholesale
 murder in Mexkw, la just cease for re
 jwriug; bat we are net the people to rtjoke,
 we ought rather blush and hang our heads
 for ahnae, and in the spirit of profound hu
 mility, crave pardon for our crimes at the
 hands of a God whose mercy endmeth for
 ever.
 D 7 The Albany Patriot copies that part of
 oar letter, published a few numbers back, giv
 ing a short account of our meetiag in Troy,
 with the following comment:
 Colored as well as whita men must judge
 for themselves how they are to oktaiu mil
 equality, while refusing to assume civil re
 sponsibilities, *bd co-operating with those who
 throw from their hands the oars by which
 alone they can reach shore, beeaase bad men
 hate prostituted them to unworthy pur
 poses.”
 This we regard as a caution to Mr. Garnet
 against co-operating with us in sustaining our
 independent press, on the ground that we
 hate refused to assume “civil responsibili
 ties,” and hare thereby thrown away the
 means by which alone civil equality is to be
 attained. We might ask the Patriot, What
 civil responsibilities we have refused to as
 sume ?—and should probably receive as an an
 swer, You have refused to vote.” True
 but not for the reason which the Patriot as
 signs. We believe the Constitution of the
 United States to be radically slaveholdrng in
 its character, requhriag all who swear to sup
 port it, to ■become parties to the enslavement
 of our race, and to violate the divine law.—
 We therefore refuse to bo parties to any such
 compact or Constitution. We, go against
 any union with slaveholders; and should do
 so even though it could be shown that in so*
 doing we gave up the only earthly means of
 emancipating the enslaved, or elevating the
 oppressed. Consistency and the clear conclu
 sions of tnrr own moral sense, have marked
 out this path for us, and w* dare not swerve
 from it.
 But is voting the only instrumentality with
 which the powers ef prejudice and slavery
 can be successfully met and vanquished No!
 And we have only to copy a few extracts from
 the same Albany Patriot, to show that he is
 aware of the existence of another, for more
 effective than mere voting. Hear him:
 The searching inquiries of a vigilant,
 untrammelled press, and the light diffused by
 it, slavery cannot endure. It withers before
 the ioiuenaes that come from such a quarter.
 If mosey and etfort could be copiously ex
 pended to gather up feet* connected with the
 transactions of the slave system, only about
 Washington, and spread them before the
 world through the numerous public journals,
 the nuisance would shortly disappear from the
 Federal District, we have no doubt, is would
 be smitten with blight and death elsewhere
 by the application of the same means. The
 wrong-doer does not like to feel that all eyes
 are gazing at him. Of all the different classes
 and shades of rascals that throng the high
 ways of this worid, there is not probably one
 of them more sensitive under impeachment at
 the bar of public opinion than the slaveholder
 —the wretch who has the hardihood to deny
 the authority of God—to rob humanity of its
 most precious rights, and virtue itself of its
 just rewards. The.press of this country lac
 never yet is its majesty bee* brought to bear
 upon slavery. Its team are timid, faltering,
 servile. Let it pursue in reference to this
 grimmest of all Crimea— merchandizing in hu
 man sinews and hearts—the same independent
 course it ordinarily does to its treatment of
 lesser mm*, and resort to balloNwxes would
 aearoeiy be demanded or thought of. Slavery
 would slink sway and prepare for as emriy
 burial before the assaults of sn honest, ener
 getic, fearless press.”
 Truth, timely, awl well told., Stick to it,
 and you wil scarcely ind a disposrtico to dis
 courage any colored or white man from co
 operating with us in the maintenance of sacks
 press.
 in’We copy m another part of thin
 week's paper, the statement that Gen. Tsy
 lor is a member of the Methodist Church,w ith
 the coannarnls of the Pennsylvania Freon**
 •poo it- We made the restomet* recently at
 a meeting in Vienna, where a Methodist Mis
 ter present, who ie a friend to the slave, de
 nied oar statement. We said thew an we say
 aow, we knew of nothing either hi the pro*
 fi iwinns or the praetkse of that church which
 would ft ©i*bey sisgalsr or iaewnreteat
 for General Taylor to be a member in good
 and regular Winding Is ft. General Taylor
 ie a sktvabolder and a warrior. Both, to be
 mum, are inmwawtret with Christies tty, bat
 Ww* w» Ire* then dreary, is maintained aad
 »./■—l- J i M .i

 but iathh. town, not alone, but» associated
 with nearly aH the evangelical dnremtrretkms
 fe thh fend. The work of the reformer and
 (L, f*kri*itan Is to ffrmntTifc JLlj
 comumumtm, tbL the oacac «f hearts
 peace and glorious liberty nay dawn usao our
 these MS belenMd i* tag to
mad hi* friend* wore still scored mi the table,
 hjr Alderman Lawrence, Chairman *f the
 Conußittee of Reception, aad wow severally
 introduced by Alderman Morphy. Their re
 ception wa* every way most gratifying. The
 following impromptu address, prepared by
 TO HARRY OF THE WEST.
 ©sow. hrndWrt, me. let** harry oat
 Torn oar haacMd great;
 Foe b! in every street they ahaat.
 Brave llsny of the Vlrrt!**
 Th* City mrw m all snake.
 Ami is bar hath Attad,
 And voters make the welkin shake.
 Far Harry «f the Wart.
 The women, too, and thrkbe* sweet.
 Are suving with the vestagg
 Oki Broadway mow i* *B ifite,
 And rtery heart set aw blest,
 A* th* wma ms ronad, Mel aaaa arm*,
 Brave Harry of he West."
 Behold the aged statesman ccaret
 In highest honors dt eased
 No conquering hero ever shoot
 like llarry of the West-
 Nor shall a patty freling dare
 To ism one narrow test.
 But all sMi m tin tiilhatr itiin
 To Harry a i the West.
 For th' glorious day is mating nrar.
 'll ben wrong shntt be redressed.
 And Freedom’s Star dune laigbi aad char
 On Harry of the West.
 The* hail! aH hail! tbriee houored Sage,
 Ore meat &lt;lMtt»sui«k*d reuatl
 We’d venerate tliy good okl age.
 Brave Harry ot the West'
 A spontaneous bunt of applause followed
 this simple yet beautiful tribute to the distm
 guimhed guest, which, from the happy mud
 spirited style in which it was performed, it
 was impossible to repress. At its conclusion,
 Mr. Clay shook each brother and Abby most
 cordially by the hand, and thanked them for
 their kindness, not forgetting to pay a merited
 compliment to the composer, who, on Una
 occasion joined the brothers in singing.
 ffy Hie shove extract from a New York
 paper will astonish, no leas than grieve the
 numerous Astt-Slavery friends of these gifted
 singers; especially wHI their English and
 Irish friends be pained and mortified by this
 unholy prostitution of their noble powers.
 The Hutchinson family, known and distin
 guished in this country and in Europe, as
 among the truest and best of liberty’s friends,
 singing the honor and praise id* a slaveholder!
 What a spectacle for the departed spirit of
 Roger*! Wo find it hard to fancy the angel
 hearted Ahby singing the praise of a notorious
 trafficker in human flesh. We charitably
 believe that her heart was not there; and if it
 was, the angel was not. We have frequently
 seen her and heT younger brothers strongly
 tempted to violate ihck principles, and have
 witnessed with heartfelt pleasure their calm
 and beautiful meekness, as they have turned
 to the infernal imps, saying, Get thee be
 hind me, Satan!” and we fondly hoped they
 would bold out to the end. A* they com
 menced in the spirit, we hoped they would
 end in the same but alas l a here of popu
 larity has triumphed over their love of prin
 ciple. Their moorings awe loosed, and there
 is no telling where they will stop. Yet we
 hope they will repent of this sin against the
 bleeding captive, and again rally under the
 banner of emancipation. Oar words are
 those of sorrow, uct of anger.
 Howitt’s JoraNAL.—Through the kind
 ness of our friends William and Mary Howitt,
 London, we are to receive regularly in future j
 their valuable Journal. We feel like boasting
 a little over this favor. Out Slavery-loving
 and Negro-hating countrymen, will hardly j
 believe us, when we tell them that those just
 ly popular authors, are not ashamed to be
 known as our personal friends. They can
 hardly believe, that a gentleman and lady of
 education and refinement, who have written
 more works and volumes, than many who
 claim refinement in this country have ever
 read, of si) authors put together, can be per
 sonal friends of s despised negro—a fugitive
 slave yet such is the ease,and weetU upon
 those of our countrymen, who cherub the vile
 spirit of hatred against us and our oppressed
 and neglected brethren, to note the feet.—
 Look at the feet, and suspect yourselves of
 narrow minds and vulgar feeling, which you
 would do well to banish from you forever.—
 Do not respect, because they regard and re
 spect ovr nee but let the feet remind you,
 that your views and feeing* ate foreign to
 thooe entertained or cherished by the cultiva
 ted asd gifted Author* in question. Mr. and
 Mrs. Howitt are oot the favorite authors of
 England’s lords and nobles. They am alto
 get ber too Republican in then views, and
 philanthropic in their feelings, to be very
 highly esteemed among what art termed the
 aristocracy of that nMe old land. (Wc fove
 the very country, aad not without cause.)—
 They we Democrats hi the highest, truest,
 aad heat Wise of the void. They are firm
 believers in the derianrtren of American inde
 pendeuee, aad are anxious to see hs great and
 glorimifc principles reduced lo practice through
 out the world. They cherish a burning love
 for this country, and look forward with ardent
 hope to the perfect realxtation of our princi
 ple* to off the people of our land. If ay they
 continue lo hope and to work for th* glorious
 miiawmwmu. Then highly interesting
 hi tins growing city, w it already has in New
 Yack, Beaten, MBMphin, wd sthor «Wes;
 and hi order to do drift, there aoght to he an
 agency at enee established in this city. We
 Shad U hf «o advertise regularly the monthly
 arrival of this journal, aad state fee® ii»
 Vnuanw &lt;a W.i.—Ai Pari&lt; vbn
 tfc. (Ll iti main «oa (kata, a lad, aaM
 WdSogm, ifi»Wart)te-kiliktfra&gt;-
 isst goad fattens imogioaWe os this oarth, to
 gubt a buttle. Ho replied, **No madam: next
 m haring nao, it in dm gvw*—^*
BIBLES Ilf THE lOLTH.
 Ml grieved bccaure we dccn**] ,t
 •w «Julj !o cipow: the hollow scheme ori*.
 3Ung WU 0)0 cf ihe AMi-Shm
 Te eat ur -d« «l»e pretence of giving B
 We* to the slaves. The following, lake
 [TJ, "r*"*"’
 M «™&gt;Pt u fite Ac sh, o u*
 fW J P™ W». HT D,pmi„ t
 Ac dcj. of ,bc Bftfc, j, to ,ccc Ji, lfc
 MwAwr the Chnaiiaurty c f Y(WT
 ♦•Tww w Cmin-fj, I.ito TLa
 Boston &gt;he
 a report of the tml and m rr .,i
 n.mt.*n, «t the Align* LrJ
 Pleas, for 1847, vS”
 on a chares of teaching a dfni'i
 Bible! The following the *“a
 we commend U te the carrel &lt;*rv«i,,
 ill who claim to be humane ami Christ
 Wood Cocxtt, to wit —The Gt»rd
 Jurors empaneled and sworn to ircuire of o f.
 fences committed w the body of sard county
 m their oath present: That Martha Christum’
 bile of said county, being an evil disposed jer
 »on, on the fourth day cf July, in the year of
 &gt;ur hlcrsed Lord one thousand hVcorod
 ind forty-seven, at Righteous Ridge. in said
 meety, not having the fear of God b fere her
 syes, hut moved and instigated by the IXtil
 aickedly, malicioisly, and feleniet sly, c d
 teach a certain black and negro ucman ran ed
 Rebecca, alias Black Beck, to road in the
 Bible: to the great displeasure of Almighty
 Hod, to the pernicious example of others in
 ilre case offending, contrary i«&gt; the h rm of the
 itatute in such evues made and pTcv uted, ri d
 tgarnst the peace and dignit y cf the Ccir.ntcn
 weaith of irginia.'
 Unnatural and inhuman ss it may seem,
 the defendant in this case was found pt.ihy,
 ind on the neat morning wasbrvupl.t into
 Peart for sentence. Judge Shackle! ar dwelt
 ipon the great favor extended towards ler on
 tier tnal; the euormiiy of theoflei.ee, ard
 .he necessity of faithfully adiunisuiir.g the
 law; and she was sentenced to ten years ccr,-
 inement in the peurientiury, and to |ay li e
 :«mMs. Tlie defendant's counsel m.nu diati tv
 ippealed from the cruel sentence, at d the tr
 ies are now aw aiting the decision in the hich
 Court.
 “Those who read this indictment car.rrt
 'ail to see kow ill adapted the J* ms aid; r&lt;-
 fdenit of Common law are to the dcu ar.cs cf
 davety.”
 ID* The Pioneer and Herald of Freedom
 ■ame to us last week in a new ar.d beai tiinl
 Iress. In typographical execution, and in
 ptahty of paper, it is decidedly superior, and
 righly creditable to our friend To!man, tho
 printer. With this change in the physical,
 here may have come another, and far more
 important, (though yet undeveloped,) in ike
 spiritual character of tho paper. Henry
 Clapp, Jt., has been succeeded in the edit' rial
 oiuur by our old friend George Bredburn, Esq.
 What he will make of it, what views it will
 hold, what principles will support, is quite
 uncertain. It has been for some titr.e pcm an
 advocate of Non-Resistance. Wc hate rea
 son to believe that it will he such 10 longer,
 for friend Bradium n a war men. It was
 once a free meeting paper it cannot Le so
 now, for friend Brcdlvm is cn ordtr men.
 It was once a moral suosien paper it can tt
 be so now, for triend Brcdlvm is a
 It was once a notwetiug paper it cancel bo
 so now’, for friend Brcdlvm is a toting n tv.
 It was once a staunch disunion j bj cr it can
 not be so now, for friend Breel urn is a Cmcn
 men. It was once an anti-!ibcity {arty ja
 per; it cannot be so now, for friend Ircdinn
 is a hUriy yarly man. Our friend Britibtm
 nays the paper shall be an organ of litnsr[f
 &lt;mhf” and if so, wc presume the Plot ter has
 become a liberty party paper. And so wo
 go round, round, rt ur.d
 lEf’ We have received a letter ftom Mr.
 Collins, of Springfield, which lie culls a
 Jefenoe of bis views on the subject of coin cd
 churches. e feel that he bus no dum vp
 sa ns to publish his letter, since we have al
 ready published two in another paper, ar.d to
 which we have merely replied, with what
 justice our readers can judge. We are the
 more disinclined to the publication of his let
 ter, on account cf his non-payment of the
 postage. It is too bad to subject us to the
 expense of printing and paying {outgo
 riso; yet we may in this irstauce do both.
 Lite or John Randolph.— John Randolph,
 a colored servant, (says the Tnbcne) tf it*
 famous Randolph of Roanoke and long in his
 service, but among the four hundred left free
 by bis will, proposes to publith the “The
 Private Life of John Randolph,” includiig
 letters, poetry, anecdotes, &amp;c., Lc. Many
 eminent men who knew the subject and know
 the author have warmly aided tne enterprise-
 The book eauaot fail to be worth the dollar
 asked foe it. The author ia tow tohnurg
 smbaeribers m our city. Names may be left
 for him at Burgess, Stringer k Co.'s corter
 of Broadway and Ann New York.
 Slit* Case.—ln the ease uf Sally Miller,
 ef New Orleans, who, it will be recolh cted,
 ■•cd for her freedom seme time since, c» ibe
 ground that she was ef whim descent, tho
 jury were unable te agree open a verdict.
 The Picayune aeys, that eleven w ere in favor
 ■&gt;f confirming the freedom of the respondent,
 holding her to he the genuine Salome Muller,
 daughter of t German mdepptmsert whilo
 mo mrnhai an behcHing for to he a colored
 woman, s slave by birth, asi rightfully the
 property of the demandants.
 Mkiauks ia Kilntucxv. The Kentucky
 Legislature has refbnd to admit a colored
 mschiwic to move into that State from Vir
 ginia. The reasons assigned were various—
 bat among them, amiss ehkf were thesi,
 that they wanted mere whhe mechanics, a; J
 they should never have them until labor wts
 made reput-fdc.
 Ulians liw .1 111111 l’ lA* I j iiiaa-JLmiw
 Jo** C. Calhoun Is said to have teriws’y
 deebr ;vi the corresponds. .ee between hims lf
 and f»e celeb. at d Dtkti, which will be
 fousd m another io!umn, to be all a Crbrica
 pfo.t Is it so!

 Paeeasaa.—Several eafosed yvung
 m Irilif the&gt;tadwnaa» the ptescot wawon
 of the rasdisal aehoei at Brunswick, Me.
 Kmicav .—Tho eiumbel of
 dav«r is Knntaclty k They aruva-
 TO OOaRJtiPOA I&gt;£&gt;NTB.
 c. w. t MbL.- ifopc «-w»y witk
 TflV Ns. 4P,
 IHl3NleraSr Atw
