FREDERICK DOO6UBB, Edito..
VOL. 111. NO. 18.
The NORTH STAR is published every
 Friday, at No. 35, Buffalo Street,
 {Opposite the Arced
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annan, of way* in advance. No
 r subscription will be received for a let* term tban
 six month*.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten line* ia*ene&lt;
 three time* for one dollar; every aubseqaent iuser
 lion, twenty-five cents.
Tlk* object of the North jSta* will be to abolish
 SLAVERY ia all it* form* and aspects; advocate
 ITmvi.rsal Emascifatiov; exalt tbe staudaiu
 of public morality, promote the moral and iaiellec
 aual impro«e&lt;ne&lt;H of the Cotoxiu Pkoflje ann
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thrkk
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 09- All coimnumcation* relating to the busines
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Dooolass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 .jp- Agents, and till others sending names, art
 requested to be accurate, and to give tbe Post office.
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 j!J- Any person sending in pavment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o e year.
 •j9* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachcsetts.—R.t. Wallcul, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, Naw Bedford; Horatio
 W. foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Co'tSKcrtcoT.—Jona. Leonard, New Haven;
 Jabex Cogswell, Brookfield
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury, Uueeu County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 lefts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancy Paine. Providence.
 Pennsvlvania. J. M. M'Kiin, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill,l49.
 Si. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Unana, haropaign county.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. Hemy O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M'Henry Co.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
REPORT OF THE WEST BLOOM
 FIELD A. S. CONVENTION.
 At an Anti-Slaver/ Convention, held
 according to previous notice, in the
 Christian church at West Bloomfield
 on the evening of Tuesday, March 19,
 1850, the business of the meeting was
 commenced by appointing N. W. Nash
 President, and H. F. Welles, Secre
 tary.
 Prayer was then offered by Rev. S.
 C. Brown.
 After some remarks from S. French
 on the differences between abolition
 ists, and tbe necessity of activity at
 this time, on motion, a Committee of
 five was appointed to prepare business
 for future meetings; which Committee
 was composed of J. Dickson, S. H.
 Ainsworth, S C. Brown, D. M. Smith,
 and S. French.
 A song was then given by Mr. Gibbs.
 Mr. Remond occupied a short tune,
 briefly recapitulating the points of dif
 lerence between the several sects of
 avowed abolitionists, in the means to
 be used against slavery; and stating
 hia own position as in coincidence with
 that of the American Anti-Slavery So
 ciety.
 Mr. Gibbs spoke on the direct bear
 ing of slavery.
 Rev. Mr. Brown, in some observa
 tions on the formation of the Constitu
 tion, insisted on the anti-slavery char
 acter of that document.
 Elder Millard alluded to the prac
 tical construction of the clause in the
 Constitution concerning persons held
 to service.”
 S. French declared a recent State
 law to furnish ample security for the
 preservation &lt;Jf liberty, and referred to
 the debates of the Constitutional Con
 vention, for the opinion of its members
 on th e fugitive clause.
 Elder Millard again brought up
 the p radical construction, and sup
 posed that an act of Congress would
 be paramount to any State law, allud
 ing to Mr. Mason’s Bill, now before
 the Senate of the United States.
 J. Dickson pronounced it question
 able whether such an act of Congress
 would not involve a suspension of the
 act of Habeas Corpus, unless obtained
 of in United States officer.
 Mr. French believed such an ncl
 unconstitutional.
 Mr. Remond made a few remarks,
 and a motion for a Finance Committee
 of two, which was carried, and S. H
 Ainsworth and J. F. Shephard appoint
 ed such Committee.
 On motion, adjourned till 9 o’clock,
 a. M. on Wednesday morning.
Wednesday Morning, March 20.
 Convention called to order at 10 o'-
 clock.
 Prayer by Mr. C. E. Fisher.
 Secretary’s miuutes of previous
 meeting read.
 Rev. Mr. Brown, as Chairman of
 the Business Committee reported the
 resolutions that follow:
 Whereas, God, at the creation of
 man, gave him dominion over the fish,
 the beasts, the fowls of the air, and
 every creeping thing; but no dominion
 over, and no power to enslave his fel
 low man, of whatever condition or
 color; and, whereas, all men were
 created equal,” and equally entitled to
 life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap
 piness;” and whereas, power cannot
 give right, and if all mankind but one
 mao, unite to enslave him, they have
 not tbo moral power to do it, and such
 |Ut exertion of power would impose on
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
the individual no obligation to obey it
 and would be a violation of the la*
 Nature and of God; and whereas, ou
 government has been, from its com
 mencement, a compromise of righ
 with wrong—of liberty with slaver)
 and such compromises should be n«
 further extendi d; and whereas, it is
 the duty of the North American Unit*
 to its citizens, their posterity, to man
 kind, to universal justice, and to th»
 Almighty, to stop the further extensfcr
 of slavery; and all persons in and out
 of Congress, who are exerting them
 selves to promote so noble an object,
 are entitled to the hearty thanks of tht
 country and the world; therefore,
 Resolved, 1. That law is an intelli
 gible principle of right, necessarily re
 sulting from the nature of man, and
 not an arbitrary rule that may be esta
 blished by men, will wisdom or power;
 that there is a necessary allegianct
 due to that great paramount law, fron
 human society, independent of the leg
 islation of man, and from which n&lt;
 human tribunal can excuse a single
 individual of our race.
 Resolved, 2. Thst, being bound b)
 the paramount law of Nature and ol
 God, to observe and obey its edicts ai
 all times and in all places, we hereb)
 proclaim our unalterable determination
 and disregard all the pretended
 legislation of man, which forbids us tr
 do unto others, as we would that
 others should do unto us in like cir
 cumstances;” which forbids feeding
 the hungry, clothing the naked, re
 lieving the distressed, or helping the
 oppressed to the recovery of their lost
 rights xnd liberties, wherever occasion
 may require.
 Resolved, 5. That slavery exists in
 this country by no rightful tenure, by
 no semblance of law having its found
 ation in nature; but in defiance ol
 natural justice, of revelation, the law
 of God, and ail the nobler sentiments
 of the mind of man; and that hence,
 desiring to secure to ourselves and
 our posterity.” laws and institutions
 founded upon the rock of immutable
 right, to honor our Creator and pre
 serve our race an entity far above the
 brute creation, we are in duty bound
 and will continue to oppose the system
 of slavery, be the consequences what
 they may to us, so long as one of its
 diabolioal features gives signs of life,
 or a shade of its influence remains on
 our statute-books.
 Resolved, 4. That the views &lt;sf law
 set forth in the foregoing resolutions,
 are fully sustained by the history of
 our race, and more than confirmed by
 the spectacle now open to the view of
 all men, all over the States of this
 Union; the existence of slavery in that
 section of our common country having
 had its legitimate effect in impoverish
 ing the land, impeding the develop
 ment of the human intellect, dwarfing
 the moral sense, and transforming the
 masses, both black and white, into
 serfs and bondmen—the one race, the
 most abject slaves on our earth, and
 the oilier free only to do the will of the
 wily demagogues who take advantage
 of their ignorance to control and ren
 der them available in enlarging the
 area ot the slave power, and still far
 ther subverting the rights of the nom
 inally free Slates.
 Resolved, 5. That, having had the
 dictates of common sense so painfully
 and shamefully confirmed by our own
 experience hitherto with the slave sys
 tem, we are wholly and totally opposed
 to all schemes of compromise, and all.
 devices of politicians, which shall tol
 erate the further extension of the sys
 tem, or recognize it as a matter over
 which Congress can rightfully extend
 the protection even of our National
 Government.
 Resolved, 6. That no act of Con
 gress, provi iing for the arrest of any
 of our citizens, of whatever color, or
 however humble, as fugitives from
 slavery, would possess a particle of the
 elements of law, or be of any binding
 force whatever; that we would disre
 gard and resist it ourselves, and mark
 the man who shonld enforce it, among
 us, as an enemy of man.
 On motion, tbe resolutions were re
 ceived.
 Mr. George W. Clark, after some
 remarks, gave a song.
 Preamble was reread, and Mr. Shep
 herd objected to such formal proceed
 ings. He preferred a more natural
 course of discussion, such as was pur
 sued last evening.
 Mr. Remond objected to the pre
 amble, as being too general, being
 based on truisms, he hoped it would
 be adopted without much discussion.
 It will be adopted, if the meeting is
 properly aroused in reference to pre
 sent political events. The necessity ol
 activity was apparent. The Anti-Sla
 very cause is the most importaut ol
 all, and its advance does not depend on
 the reputation of its advocates. The
 poor white man is as much interested
 in its promotion as the black man.
 When Frederick Douglass was in Eng
 land, he, on occasion, openly recog
 nised the Chartists, and when I was
 in England 1 one day saw a bannei
 approaching me in the street. It «i
 the banner of a Chartist procession;
 and when it came along, 1 joined it,
 and identified myself with them. The
 slave is a wronged man, and the pool
 white man who pays his taxes to sup
 port Slavery shown his relation to the
 infernal system. It is a heart rending
 shame that these poor mee should be
 compelled to go the rounds to make
 attention on this aubject. The clergy
 should have called this Convention,
 The Anti-Slavery Cause in thia coun
 try i» bleeding at ever/ pore because
he clergy are dumb doge in this mat
 ter, end they are properly so styled.
 Those Resolutions bring out th&lt;
 Constitutional question which I hop«
 &lt;viU be thoroughly discussed. Bu
 the Business Committee, in report
 tag those Resolutions, have giv
 jp by to tbe Church and th&lt;
 Clergy. No resolution touching th&lt;
 relation* they sustain to American Sla
 very, has found a place among them
 i hope some one will introduce such t
 Resolution on bis own responsibility
 The fact that staves cannot vote; ant
 nave no representatives in Congress.
 Synods, General Assemblies «nnd tht
 uke, speaks volumes to me. Thb
 American Pulpit and its occupants,
 are fearfully guilty that persons in thi*
 land,- that members of their own chur
 ches, are held in bondage and innocem
 ulood is tjp their garments.
 There are men who are glad to heai
 of mobs, and who use them to the over
 throw of our cause. It is an unpopu
 lar cause, acid these men take advan
 tage ot the popular side, and seek oui
 destruction. But 1 believe our caust
 will triumph. That triumph may bt
 retarded, may be delayed, it may noi
 come as we wish, but come it will.
 Mr. Remond moved the preamble bt
 adopted. Seconded by Mr. Clark,
 who said that the people of this coun
 try do not believe the Declaration ol
 Independence. They may admit its
 abstract truth, J)ut their practical con
 struction nullifies it. The slaveholder*
 live North, but the slavewhippers live
 South.
 We must come back to the first
 principle, that, ‘ail rnen are created
 equal,” and, then we shall reject as
 barbarism, "the wild and guilty fantasy
 that man can hold properly in his fel
 low men. The people must be educated
 into its principle before we can look few
 any of its legitimate fruits. Congress,
 not long ago voted down the Declara
 tion of Independence, kicked it out ot
 the house, and the people, the North
 ern peo*ple, made those Congressmen.
 Mr C. said he was glad the preamble
 was as full and general as it was,
 and wished tbe whole series of Resolu
 tions thrown before the meeting.
 Mr. Brown thought best to take up
 the preamble first, and afterwards the
 Resolutions See.; had no objection,
 however, to Mr. Clark’s proposal, but
 want of definiteness It was necessary
 to lay down some joints that might be
 rallied around, and acted upon&amp;c.; ap
 proved of tbe action of his .associates
 on the Committee, and said that they
 purposed to bring in an additional Re
 solution, touching the church Stc.;
 hoped the relations of the church on
 this subject, would be discussed, and
 discussed properly.
 The motion on the adoption of the
 preamble was declared open for de
 bate.
 Mr. Gibbs said, the principles of the
 preamble were so self evident as not to
 need much discussion; but mere declar
 ations of principles,however important,
 or fundamental, would not fulfil the ob
 jects for which this Convention was
 call* d.
 A simple assent to the enunciation
 of great truths, was ineffectual. A be
 lief, must be practically demonstrated
 &amp;c.; agreed with Mr. Clark that the
 people bf this country do not believe
 the Declaration of Independence. It
 is the duty of every one to rebuke sla
 very everywhere.lt is prejuduce at the
 North, that sustains slavery. Slavery
 should be called by such names us its
 opponents helieve its most truthful des
 cription. It runs through the national
 character. It is seen everywhere—
 in the church, in the political anti so
 cial relations. He hoped a Resoluton
 would be brought in exposing the pos
 ition of the American Church and Cler
 gy. Mr. Gibbs closed by saying that
 the life of conventions, the life of free
 dom, was in free speech.
 The Conventions then adjourned till
 half past one o’clock p. m.
Wednesday Afternoon.
 Convention called to order at half
 past one.
 Prayer by Elder Millard,
 Songs and remarks by Mr. Clark.
 Mr. Brown of the Business Com
 mittee reported the following additional
 Resolutions:
 7. Resolved, That in the late hu
 miliating renewal of his allegiance to
 the Slave power, voluntarily proffered
 by Danial Webster, we are again
 warned, as if by a voice of thunder, ol
 the malign influence of that power in
 our Government, and are stimulated
 thereby to a renewal of our vows never
 to desist from active hostility to Slave
 ry, so long as it exists and we have
 strength to strike a blow or utter a
 liap for its extinction.
 8. Resolved, That as Abolitionists,
 we have great reason to rejoice in the
 present aspect of our cause. By it we
 are are assured that slavery must fall;
 that our political institutions will be
 regenerated; that man will be free,
 will be intelligent, and will eventually
 arise in knowledge and moral grandeur
 to that sublime attitude in the scale of
 being, for which by his semi-infinite
 capacities he was evidently designed
 by hia Creator.
 9. Resolved, That confiding in God
 for the success of our cause for a filial
 triumph, we nevertheless feel to hail
 every co-laborer in the good work with
 all merited commendation, and to re
 joice that while the hideous chains of
 Slavery are attempted to be sustained
 by a Calhoun, the recreant voice of a
 Webster and the gasconading of the
 Mississippi Jack Ketch, Freedom has
 for h«r champions a Chase a Hale, a
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1850.
Seward, a Giddings, a King, and a
 Root, who are both Competent and
 ready to meet mousiei in any ano
 all of his Protean sharper
 10. Resolved, That foi furtherance
 if the cause of Liberty, as well as t*
 -ustain those men in Congress who an
 manfully batting for the right, wt
 urge the friends of freedom every when
 and at once to hold Conventions and
 t &gt;wn and district meetings for the pur
 pose of discussion; to circulate peti
 tions for tbe of slaver*
 WTiaFtPCbrigreas has aqt, soil
 to prohibit its spread to territory now'
 free.
 11. Resolved, That we regret the
 position of the American Church and
 her Ministry, in not coming up in hei
 power to the help of the friends of lib
 erty, since she is set to be the light ol
 the earth, and the salt of the world.
 12. Resolved, That we rejoice in
 trie evidences seen on every hand of a
 willingness among the people to listen
 to the story of human wrongs, anr
 would urge upon the friends ol free
 dom everywhere to act no tr. Slavery
 is doomed and as intelligence shoulo
 precede action on this as well as other
 questions, all means in our power, tin
 living agent and the press especially,
 should be sustained in tireless activity
 to prepare the minds of all for the
 great duties before us.
 13. Resolved, That those statesmen
 so called, in and out of Congress who
 supppose that they can devise any
 means to suppress the complaints ol
 freemen against the system of Slavery
 short of its total destruction, can never
 succeed in their endeavors, so long as
 justice and mercy are constituent ele
 ments of the human mind. The day ol
 truces—of compromise of respites
 even are over, and oppression must
 henceforth he treated and
 as the master vice—the deadliest curse
 ol human society:
 The Resolutions were received.
 Mr. Brown moved the whole report
 of tbe Committee be adopted. Second. j
 Elder Millard, said that some per- i
 sons might think too hard words would
 he used in reference to slavery, and
 asked it too harsh terms could be used
 when the atrocities of the system were
 before us as in an extract from a paper
 which he wished to read.
 The extract, which was the case of
 Emily Russell, was read.
 W. H. Olin, alluded to the case.
 Mr. Remond said a few words on
 the same.
 Mr. Goodbll said that we ace just
 what the institution is, which is said to
 be guarantied by tbe Constitution.
 Why can we not say with the resolu
 tions that slavery has no lawful exis
 tence in this country? If the Consti
 tution guarantied Slavery, it should be
 amended. If if can be preserved only
 by addmitting its sanction of slavery,
 let it bo destroyed.
 Mr. Remond said, the majority of
 the American people believed in the
 compromises of the Constitution.
 Mr. G. replied the conscience of the
 people must he awakened to the right
 fuloess of such compromises. We
 must persuade them of their power to
 clear it of suclt compromises and then
 use it. He can unite on these resolu
 tions. He alluded to Mr. Seward’s re
 speech in the Senate, and said that
 though he had not much respect for
 his political action hitherto, he gave
 him honor for that speech. But he re
 gretted that in it he had made admis
 sions in relation to the Constitution that
 are notin keeping with the other parts.
 There are men who do not call them
 selves Abolitionists, but he wished to
 know if there was one man in that
 assembly in favor of such a bill as
 Lason’s. If there was such a man
 there he wished him to rise that he
 might see him. He did not believe
 there was one there.
 Mr. Remond said that the last re
 mark was doubtless true with regard
 to this audience, but not of the com
 munity. He hoped Mr. G. would give
 a speech on the Constitutional ques
 tion, and that no objection would be
 to want of .time, as the Convention
 was not necessarily to close to-day.
 Mr, Goodf.ll said, he wonld not
 decline such a discussion under lavor
 ablo circumstances.
 Preamble \\*as re-read.
 Mr. Goodei.l said the admission in
 the Preamble of the compromises of
 the Constitution did not meet hts views
 of that instrument, and suggested an
 amendment to adapt it to the views of
 himself and others and. which he
 thought would not be objected to by
 Mr. Remond. He therefore moved
 tbe second paragraph of the Peamble
 be amended so as to read as follows:
 "Arid wh&lt; t eas our Government has
 been wielded from the beginning in
 supportoi slavery, and such a perver
 sion of its principles should, no longer
 be tolerated.”
 Hia motion was seconded and it be
 ing open for debate,
 Mr. Good ell said- that such a aub
 ject cannot be properly treated in so
 short a time; but he would endeavor to
 be as comprehensive in his scope as
 conciseness would allow.
 There are prejudice* in favor of the
 Constitutional compromises to be over
 come; the decisions of the United States
 Courts are not irrevocable; one gene
 ration is not to bs bound by another.
 Lord Mansfield’s decision in the
 Somerset case is an instance of justice
 overcoming precedent. A belief had
 existed in England previous to it, of the
 legality of slavery as strong as at pre
 sent here. The £&lt;urt in England had
 decided in several oases simular to that
 of Somerset in favor of tbe master.
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
i{Granville Sharpe, who was no lawyn
 I said it was' wrong, and brought th«
 question before Lord Mansfield, wh
 after several decisions in favor of slav«
 ry, declared it illegal and from that
 moment a slave treading the a* il ot
 England was free.
 We prejudge the matter when we
 rely on legal decisions. That decisioi*
 affected the colonies of England ai&gt;
 well, and the reason why slavery war
 not abolished at that time de faclo as it
 was dejvre was that no man was found
 up boldly as Granville Sharpe
 and insist on the recognniuu
 decision in every place that English
 Law was recognized.
 The grounds of Lord Mansfield's
 decision were, Ist, that the spirit of tht
 British Constitution discarded the idea
 of property in man. 2d, that it was in
 hibited by the English Common Law;
 that law has been decided by the United
 States Supreme Court to be our law;
 and its use for the overthrow of slave
 ry is apparent. No Parliamentary
 acts are to go against it. The Court
 of King’s, Bench has repeatedly de
 clared that Parliament had not power
 to make certain laws, and among then,
 no law to impiar the use of the Com
 mon law.
 Let u$ look at the origin and legali
 ty of the slave-trade. Queen Eliza
 beth gave the royal consent to John
 Hawkins to go to Africa and take
 thence natives, but with their own con
 sent and not upon compulsion. Bui
 Hawkins did not confine himselfto his
 permission, to take them with their
 own consent, but soon employed, what
 he was forbidden to—compulsion. The
 British Parliament after connived at it,
 and Queen Elizabeth herself is sup
 posed to have been a party to it. But
 there was no power in the Crown to
 Legalize compulsion, and notwith
 stand the long toleration of the trade
 it was manifestly illegal.
 Pressing seamen, is another illustra
 tion of the power of the Common law.
 i At one time the laborers in the country
 were pressed; and this was done by
 order of the Lords of Admiralty. The*
 liberation of these men was demanded,
 and obtained, for the lords did not
 dare to bring the question before the
 Courts. Parliament passed laws re
 gulating the slave-trade; and in them
 was one express clause fusing those
 who took Africans compufsorly one
 hundred pounds; yet this statute was a
 mere farce and so viewed at the time.
 The decision of 1772 looked back and
 saw all wrofkg; saw that slavery and
 the slave trade never had a legal ex
 istence. The slave-trade was carried
 on in England years after the decision,
 through technicality.
 Sharpe wrote two letters to the
 Prime Minister urging him as execu
 tive, to put down slavery in the colo
 nies.
 In 1791 they began the regular siege.
 Unremitting action against the slave
 trade was determined on, and Wilber
 force, Clarkson, and others pressed it
 till 1799, when deferred till 1604, and
 finally through great excitement, the
 the bill for its abolition was carried in
 1808. And because slavery was not
 abolished in Brazil and the United
 States the slave-trade? has doubled
 since 1808. V
 After years of effort in a discussion
 in Parliament, while Mr. Dundas, like
 a good many of our ova statesmen
 was urging the Compromises of the
 Constitution, and growing pathetic in
 their support, Mr. Pitt for the first
 time, springing from his seat and tak
 ing down the statute, read it and de
 clared (hat the very aot, used as a
 guaranty, was in fact to destroy it. And
 on such a discovery was the slave-trade
 declared to be piracy, and the United
 States in the same year passed a law
 declaring it piracy. It had been de
 clared illegal once in the Court of
 King’s Bench and once in Parliament.
 Edwards in his history of the West
 Indies admits that Hawkins was a
 murderer, and that the slave-trade was
 a horrible one. A clause in the Dec
 laration of Independence that was ob
 jected to by Georgia and stricken out,
 recited as a ground of complaint that
 the slave-trade was allowed by the
 English Government.
 If slavery was not legal before the
 Constitution, when did it become so?
 When negro slaves were brought to
 the colonies there were no enact
 ments there to hold them as such.
 They had nearly their whole stock of
 slaves before any laws were passed
 declaring any one to be a slave. Was
 slavery legal under such circum
 stances? And when the laws were
 passed they did not specify with suffi
 cient care who were to be slaves.
 Virginia passed a law declaring "all
 to be slaves who were descendants of
 slaves.” This was afterwards amend
 ed. But who could tell whether such
 were slaves.
 Georgia which was founded by Gen
 Oglethorpe, was opposed to slavery,bad
 a charter that declared slavery impos
 sible, yet slaves were introduced by
 hiring from South Carolina for a long
 term of years—lor 99 years, or in that
 way; and they went to importing slaves,
 thus infracting the character. In con
 sequence Oglethorpe went to England
 and joined Sharpe, is his endeavors on
 slavery.
 Slavery waa unlawful because con
 trary to British Constitution. Under
 that Constitution the colonies had no
 power to enact slave laws. If their
 charter were silent concerning it, if
 they were blanks so far as its prohibi
 tion went, the Constitution repaired all
 omissions The Colonies had charters
 and in etch t clause providing that
nothing in them should conflict with th«
 British constitution. Those Charter*
 were our constitution before the Rev
 olution; and they provided that the
 inhabitants of the Colonies should bt
 allowed the privileges of English
 zens. Does the Declaration of Inde
 pendence ins itute slavery? We Cj»m«
 then to our constitution. Its preambli
 is to the purpose declaring that “it
 order to establish justice, promote
 the general welfare and secure the
 blessings of liberty to ourselves and
 our posterity, we do ordain” &amp;c. Wh«
 this? We the people of thr
 United States; aua mm r r .Lx- n nf
 people the slaves were a party to tn&lt;
 compact.
 Massachusetts passed an act declar
 mg that slaves should be held according
 to God’s law as in the Kingdom 01
 Israel. This act would have freed th*
 slaves, as in the laws of Moses a ycai
 of Jubilee came once in fifty years,
 when all the captives were loosed.
 One of the old laws of New Hamp
 shire declared that no person sho i
 be held as slaves, but such as were
 brought in by their own consent. Thi*
 act created no slaves, as the consent o!
 no slave would be given. If he was a
 slave, as a chattle nit consent on an
 question was not procurable. At the
 formation of the Constitution what af
 terwards took place was not contempla
 ted. The form of slavery in the North
 ern States was very different from that
 in the South. The idea that labor was
 to be confined to one class did not ob
 tain and caste did not predominate.
 At that early period Chief Justice
 Parsons of the Massachusetts Supreme
 Court decided that no legal slavery
 was there.
 The Declaration of Independece
 was not repealed by the Constitution.
 It was adopted by the .Convention and
 ratified by the States. It had been de
 cided by highest judicial authority that
 the Declaration was the supreme law
 of the land.
 In-the Articles of the confederation
 no one had been able to discover any
 thing recognizing slavery. In this con
 stitution, the word “tcfofe” was voted
 out. We see that there was no legal
 slavery down to the formation of the
 constitution. Suppose we admit that
 the constitution was intended to sanc
 tion and support slavery. Suppose we
 admit that in several clauses slavery
 was recognized. Suppose that in this
 the convention made a mistake and as
 sumed that there were slaves in the
 conntry when there were not, does the
 Constitution create slavery, does it
 make it legal? But we must look to
 the Constitution itself. We are told
 that the intentions of its framers were
 undoubtedly to recognise and support
 slavery; and various clauses are
 brought forward as embodying those
 intentions. But we learn fiom the
 Madison and other papers, that the
 idea of property in man, was objected
 to be introduced in a provision of the
 Constitution. It was thought wrong
 that it should be introduced, and this
 feeling was shared by slaveholders.
 The Constitution as it is, was the re
 bult of fheir deliberations and to that
 alone we are to look. The fugitive
 service clause might be construed to
 mean appreuticies. (Elder Millard in
 quired it it might not mean slaves. Mr.
 Brown said it might include children.
 Mr. G. assented to the latter, and said
 that no service was due to the master
 by the slave. The clause provided
 that "service should be due.”)
 What might be conjectured is not
 allowable. We must go by the words.
 Every witten document when brought
 before a Court, is to be construed i!
 possible in unison with equality ana
 justice. This rule is to be applied to
 the Constitution. What does the word
 “persons” in the clause, mean? Under
 the Common law the competency of all
 persons of legal age, to make contracts
 is recognized and confiimed, and the
 Constitution prohibits any State from
 passing any “bill of attainder or law
 impiariug the obligaiton of contracts as
 granting titles of nobility.” The slave
 States have passed a law declaring that
 a slave cannot make a contract, ot
 course then the word “person” cannot
 apply to slaves, and rfo contract ex
 isting, no service is due.
 In the use made of the secret de
 bates in endeavoring to ascertain the
 intentions of members of the Conven
 tion, it has been taken for granted that
 the framers of the Constitution were
 the people, were those who finally
 adopted it. Their intentions had no
 thing to do with the adoption by the
 people. Admitting that they intended
 the Constitution as the support of slave
 ry, to make such recognition legal, it is
 necessary to prove that the people in
 tended so too.
 The fugitive service clause was first
 reported to the Convention with the
 word The word was changed
 to pertont on a motion by a Southern
 man, that it might not tolerate the idea
 of property in man.
 The Preamble is declared in the
 name of the people of the United States,
 not the white people nor the black peo
 ple, but the people. (Mr. Remond in
 quired if the colored people bad any
 voice in the convention. Mr. G. re
 plied that they had as much voice as a
 great part of the people, as much aa
 the women,as the aliens,or as the min
 ors, aod all these were included in the
 word people.)
 I now pass from the question of
 guaranties, to points sbsoiutely incom
 patible with slavery. The Constitu
 tion declares that “the Uuited States
 shall secure to every state a republican
 form of Government.” This demolishes
JOHN DICK, Punt*
WHOLE HO. 122.
slavery. Mr. Jenerson aennes slavery
 to be “the most unremitting despotism
 on the one part, and the moat degrad
 ing submission on the other. H that
 provision of the Constitution were en
 forced, the slavery that exists in fifteen
 States ot this Union would be de
 stroyed.
 In 1774 Congress protested against
 the shve-trade, and the feeling against
 it was general at the South, as well as
 North. The ordinance of 1787 is one
 of the evidences that there was belief
 that slavery would soon terminate.
 Gen. Heath of Massachusetts, told
 the people of that state that the form
 ''r adopted by the Con
 vention, was republican awe
 abolish slavery.
 In Pennsylvania, Ohio, and other
 States, the same belief was found. Ben
 jamin Frauklin was the President of
 an Anti-slavery Society about that
 time,and drew up a petition to Congress
 against slavery. It spoke generally to
 be sure, but desired measures to be
 taken to abolish it. Virginia and other
 States sent in similar petitions. But
 the action against it, was procrastina
 ted and it gathered strength, another
 provision of the Constitution fatal to
 slavery is the one that no person shall
 be deprived of his liberty without due
 process of law. Every slave now
 held as such is deprived of his liberty
 without due process of law; as such
 process to be effectual must specify
 distinctly and separately, every indi
 vidual.
 The famous Dr. Hopkins wrote a
 dialogue agaiust slavery, and did not
 admit in it the compromises of the Con
 stitution.
 We find no difficulty, from what
 has been said, in concluding that
 slavery has no legal or constitutional
 existence in this union.
 N. P. Rogers in 1836 or 7, first
 broached the idea that the Constitution
 contained no compromises with Slavery,
 Alvan Stewart took it up in 1738; and
 from that time the members of the abo
 lition party up to the Free Soil move
 ment, held it.
 H. B. Stanton, now in the Stats
 Senate, and formerly of the abolition
 party, believed it and acted on that
 belief several years. King and other
 lawyers hinted at in Congress. When
 1 was writing my book on the Constitu
 tion 1 had occasion in the search fort
 books, &amp;c., to apply to some of the firs
 lawyers in the country, and the doc
 trine was acknowledged. At one time
 I went to the Arcade to discuss the
 matter with some lawyers there. The
 morning after the discussion, a promi
 nent democratic lawyer said in con
 versation that the argument against
 compromises was unanswerable. Only
 one lawyer in the United States had
 undertaken to answer Mr. Spooner's
 book and my own. There are lawyers,
 no oue doubt, able to write a heavier
 article than Wendell Phillips. Why
 do we not hear from them?
 Elder Mullard said-the matter
 was not as clear to him on ail points as
 he was anxious it should be &amp;.c.; was
 not convinced the construction was an
 Anti-slavery document, &amp;c.; adduced
 the practical construction ol.the instru
 ment. It was not until that laws were
 passed in the Northern States to con
 fine the action in the matter of fugitive
 slaves in United States officers.
 The pro-slavery constitution began
 immediately after the addoplion of the
 Constitution. Ifitwasa wrong con
 stitution why did not those then on the
 tage rectifies it. In relation to the
 declaration that the people adopted the
 Constituion, he said their veisvs were
 determined by those of the time.
 Mr.Shephard insisted on the words of
 the instrument.
 The amendment to the preamble was
 adopted.
 Mr. Clark said it was a common
 error of men in believing that legisla
 tive enactments were law. There is a
 necessity of discrimination between
 what is law and what is not. In an
 swer to a suggestion the we must be
 obedient to the powers that be, be said
 that the powers that be are ordained of
 God, and those are not. He then read
 some extracts fro* Mr. Seward’s
 speech.
 Mr. Brow* made a motion that the
 convention hold over to-morrow. Car
 nea. adjourned till half past six o'clock
 p. M.
 Free Neoros or Virginia.-— The
 following, says the Richmond Whig,
 are the provisions of the bill making
 Appropriations for the removal of the
 negroes of tbe Commonwealth: Ap
 propriates $30,000 annually for five
 peara to remove those who may be
 willing to remove. Makes the Gov
 ernor, Lieutenant-Governor, and First
 and Second Auditors a Board of Com
 missioners, who, whenever they shall
 he satisfied that any number of free
 persons of color, now free and resid
 ents of this State, and their children,
 •ball have been actually transported to
 :he colony of Liberia, or other places
 r&gt;n the western coast of Africa, or hove
 been embarked tor transportation thi
 ther by (be American Colonization So
 ciety, shall pay said Society such sum
 is may be necessary to defray the costs
 of transporting and subsisting such per
 ions for a limited time; not more .than
 |25 to be allowed for the transportation
 ind subsistence ot any free person of
 color above the age of ten years, and
 not more than $l5 for those under
 that age. The act imposes a tat of $1
 upon every male fred negro of the age
 »f2l years and under 55 years to he ad
 ded to the appropriation aforesaid* to
 assist id removing those who are will
 ing to be removed.
