The North Defeated!
 The miscalled scheme of “compromise
 proposed by the Mississippi Harlequin, has
 been, in the preliminary contest, triumphant
 ly carried in the Senate. The North is de
 feated by the votes of its own representative*,
 as she always has been and perhaps always
 will be. We hear already the notes of tri
 umph from Northern doughface journals,
 some bold and out-spoken like the New York
 Herald and Journal ol Commerce, who pio
 elaim it a defeat also of the Administration;
 while others, knowing and fearing the over
 whelming sentiment of the North against
 this base surrender of the Cause of Freedom
 to the tender mercies of the South, give
 expression to their joy in balf-suppiessed but
 significant tones. That a majority of the
 committee of thirteen will agree upon a plan
 that will suit the South, there is very little
 doubt. It is composed of eeven members from
 slave-holding Slates, and six from the free
 States, one-half ol whom will be ready to
 submit to any terms a majority of the South
 ern members rosy require. Ihe Southern
 men holding the most extreme opinions on the
 question, are Messrs. Mason, Mangu-n, King,
 Downs and Berrien, nearly all of whom
 promptly dissented from the propositions of
 Mr. Clay when they were first presented to
 the Senate, and along with them the South
 will have Cass and Dickinson; while ihe
 North, containing a large majority of
 people of the Union who are almost unani
 mous in favor of a law prohibiting the ex
 tension of slavery, has but two, or at most
 three, out of a committee of thirteen, who
 will represent her sentiments! And from
 such a committee we are assured of a “com
 promise” which will command the undivided
 support of the South and enough votes from
 the North to ensure its success. We wilt
 not say it is imoossihio majority
 or mis committee a fair settlement, hut we
 frankly confess that we have no confidence,
 scarcely a hope, of such a result.
 The public will now be anxious to know
 what “compromise”—for such it is to be
 called no matter how one-sided it may be—
 this committee will present. One of its pro
 visions will no doubt be to admit California,
 but her admission is not a proper subject ol
 compromise. She is ours already. We have
 won her on the very field selected by our ad
 versaries. The So ith had all the advantage
 she claimed, but having been worsted, she
 insists that the North shall allow slavery to
 go to New Mexico without resistance.
 The remaining subjects in dispute are New
 Mexico, the boundaries of Texas, the erection
 of one oi more slave States from the present
 State of Texas, Slavery and the slave-trade
 in the District of Columbia, and the bill for
 the recapture of fugitive slaves. In order to
 get California, the North is called upon to
 yield on all the other points in dispute. Step
 by step we have been yielding, and one by
 one have Northern representatives been se
 duced from the principles which they were
 elected to carry out, until the South has been
 able to triumph in nearly every conflict. And
 the doughfaces who adocate and vote for
 these surrenders, tell us that it is necessary
 to prevent dissolution. This nobody believes
 and they do not believe it themselves. It is
 an insult to offer an excuse w hich implies that
 the existence of the Union depends upon the
 perpetuation and extensiou of slavsry.
 The dangers which the South assures us
 are so imminent, are not to be lessened by
 the unjust measures she is attempting to
 force though Congress. The agitation of the
 ■lavery question so vehemently deprecated
 and denounced, is not thus to be quieted. It.
 is easy for those who have been for months
 in Washington, to say, and possibly believe,
 that the sentiments of the people of the
 North have undergone a change. But all
 this will be found to be utter delusion. The
 great mass of the Northern people are in
 earnest on this question, and he who supposes
 that an edict against its agitation w ill quell
 the storm, will find that it only renders it
 more uncontrollable.
 We have heretofore expressed a concur
 rence in the plan presented by the President.
 We concur in it now, and the North is ready
 to support it. It is wise, simple and effec
 tive. It requires no surrender from one sec
 tion ot the oiher which cannot bo made with
 consistency and safety. But it has been
 treated as it deserved by but few members ot
 Congress. It has been repudiated in the
 Senate in a manner that indicates a desire to
 thwart it if possible. The Locofocos of that
 body opose it because it is the Administratien
 plan.—Weeks 4 perhaps months, aie likely to
 passs before we can know' the disposition of a
 majority in the other House. The prospect
 is not flattering, but until we see the yeas and
 nays we will not give up all hope that the
 members of that body who were elected as
 friends of Free Soil and Freedom, have made
 up their minds to succumb to the dictation of
 the South.— Democrat.
Fare of Slaves on Plantations.
 A more loathsome and disgusting place
 cannot be imagined, than the huis in a neg
 ro yard of a plantation. They ate generally
 about twenty feet square, and the hands on a
 plantation are divided into families, each of
 which occupies one of these pens. The fami
 lies number from five to twenty, and the
 arrangements for sleeping are miserable in
 the extreme, and what is used for their beds
 is seldom if ever washed, or cleansed in any
 manner, and is used until rotted or worn into
 shreds. The same practice is pursued with
 their clothing. It consists of a coarse wrought
 fsbric, of cotton and wool, and also of linen.
 The men wear pantaloons, and a heavy stout
 frock. The women who work in the field
 wear only a long ftock, without under-clothes
 of any kind. These are put on and never
 changed or cleansed, or taken off, night or
 day, till they are worn out. The provision
 for clothing the slaves is usually one suit a
 year to ea h negro, and tney are generally
 obliged to make this last or go without. But
 many cannot, and you will ofien see negroes
 with only the tattered and torn rags remaining
 on them, as evidence of a slight degree
 modest; and shame, that is manifest in keep
 ing them abound him. And thus they live
 in the most fii-hy, degraded and beastly con
 dition that can be v*rtceived, and there is not
 single provision o» a..* kind, either in food,
 clothing or cleanliness, or tor beds, or dwel
 lings, or labor, but what is calculated to de
 bilitate, exhaust and destroy the physical
 rjwers, and produce disease and death; and
 make the assurance, without the fear oi
 contradiction, that there is scarcely a planta
 tion in the whole range of the sugar and cot
 ton growing districts, if examined by a com
 petent board of health, that would-not excite
 their astonishment, that human beings could
 live, even an average of seven years. In the
 first place, it wtll be found that many herds
 of slaves are kept on short rations, having
 allowed to each one from three to three and a
 half pounds of meat a week, with only corn
 meal, which they wet with water, and roast
 on the fire. This is their regular daily food,
 and the meat is often the most loathsome’
 disgusting, rotten mass that can be imagined.
 On this point 1 am aware it will be said there
 are but few, very few indeed, of such cases.
 But it is not true, and every produce dealer
 in the city of New Orleans, if he has not the
 fear of the planter before his eyes, will bear 1
 testimony to this fact, for I have seen it my
 self, and know that they self thousands or
 packages, weighing from eight to ten hun- 1
 dred each, of smoked hams and sides of j
 oork, that were so rotten that the bones had
 become loose and separated from the meat,
 and when they were opened for the examina
 tion of the Planter, the maggots would roll
 over the side of the cask upon the floor.
 An instance of this kind 1 saw in the
 store of a produce dealer in the winter of
 1837. A planter from Mississippi bought 1
 eleven casks of smoked meat from a tuer-
 chant in Lafayette &lt;elieet, which he had pur
 chased the day before for one and a half cents
 per pound. He sold it to the planter for one
 and three-fourth cents, and when .the casks tl
 wtt# opened they were literally alive with v
maggots. After the the pnrehase was made,
 the cletk, a fine, honest New Jerseymtn, be
 ing astonished at what he had done in selling
 such stuff to be eaten by human being*, for
 he knew that a dog in New Jersey could
 not be found but what would turn fr°ni
 asked the planter why he bought such food
 for his negroes? The planter replied, that it
 was pretty hard times and cotton was low,
 and the boys do about as well on it as any.—
 Now in view of this, I know it will be said
 again, that “such are rare cases;” but the
 reports of sales of meat in New Orleans tell
 a different account; for there are hundreds
 and thousands of such packages of rotten
 putrid meat sold to planters every year, and
 the negroes are obliged to eat it or starve,
 and at the same time the planters tell you
 “the boys do about as well on it.” Pract.
 Christian.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 26, 1850.
The North Star is sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may tie safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 AG-Wasted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to FRED
 ERICK Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 sixteenth Anniversary, of the Ameri
 can Anti-Slavery Society,
 The Sixteenth Annual Meeting of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society will be held
 at the Btoadway Tabernacle onjTueaday, the
 Seventeenth of May, 1850.
 At no moment since the commencement of
 the Anti-Slavery enterprise have Ae devoted
 zeal and earnest effoits of its advocates been
 more needed than at this. The American
 Society stands now as it did at the beginning,
 the sole enemies, through all the United
 States, to the system of American Chattel
 Slavery.—The magnitude of its work, and
 the importance of the obstacle in the way of
 its rccomplishment are yearly made more
 and more manifest, as every party and or
 ganization that have hoped to struggle against
 the Slave-power by consenting to compromise
 with it, successively retire from the contest
 either glorying in in successful treachery or
 submitting to shameful defeat. A contest of
 near twenty years has pioved that the only
 hopeful issue with Slavery is the demand for
 the IMMEDIATE AND UNCONDITION
 AL EMANCIPATION OF EVERY
 SLAVE, and that such a consummation can
 never be attained so long as we maintain a
 political Union with Slave-holders.
 The Northern boundary of the slave States
 is the same to-day that it was when the
 American Society came into existence; its
 Southern is extended Westward and South
 ward, embracing vast and fertile
 sufficient to insure its existence for centuries
 to come. It is something to be thankful and
 hopeful for that this extension has not been
 without a struggle, and that that struggle
 becomes daily more and more earnest and
 detormined. It will be entirely successful
 when the North is awakened to the convic
 tion that the Abolition of Slavery will alone
 determine its extension—that a Southern and
 Weitern boundary will no longer be contend
 ed for when its Northern is destroyed.
The meetings of the Society will be con
 tinued, as usual, for three days. The place
 of meeting will be named in future notices.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Pres't.
 Wendell Phillips, 0
 Sydney Howabd Gay, j Secretaries.
We have given up our first page to the
 report of the first day’s proceedings ot the
 NV est Bloomfield Anti-Slavery Convention.
 That Convention continued ip session during
 three days, and the entire Report is altoge
 ther too voluminous to be admitted into our
 columns. Desirous to give some idea of the
 character of that Convention, we have pub
 lished the excellent Resolutions adopted on
 that occasion and should any of our friends
 desire to see the whole proceedings in print,
 we would suggest that they make arrange
 ments at once to have them published in
 pamphlet form.— r. d.
Since our last publication, a most disgrace
 ful scene has occurred in the Senate of the
 United States. That wordy cataract, Hang
 man Foote, commenced his usual round ot
 personal abuße toward Mr. Benton, when the
 latter rose from his seat, and approached
 Mr. Foote, evidently in no conciliatory spirit;
 whereupon the supple Hotspur retreated from
 his place into the arena in front of the clerk’s
 desk, and assassin-like, cocked his pistol, and
 prepared for the bloody work of a murderer.
 The two dignif ed Senators were kept from
 a worse than bull-dog encounter, by some of
 their less hot-headed honorable Northern
 brethren. Of course, we have no American
 pride to be mortified by this degrading Sena
 torial ruffianism but, as a member of the
 human family, we must deplore such demon
 strations.—F. D.
Here is another evidence of tire decline
 of American prejudice, and of the progress
 of liberal ideas. Mr. Ward is a colored man
 of tbe darkest hue, and the selection of him
 to officiate on such an occasion, though in
 itself a thing pertectly natural, since his
 abilities amply fit him for the office, is ne
 vertheless a fact worthy of note in ibis
 democratic, but negro-hating country.—r. d.
 Meadsville, April 10, 1850.
 Frederick Douolass: Dear Sir, —I em
 ploy the present occasion to inform you that
 the Rev. Samuil R. Ward, of Syracuse,
 has been invited by tbe members of tbe
 Senior Class of the Meadsville Theological
 School, to preach their Anniversary Discourse
 on the 27th of June next. I make this
 statement, that you may, if you please give
 notice of the fact to the readers of your
 journal, and oblige
 Your Friend and obedient Servant,
 B. J. BUTTS.
The Executive Committee
 Ot the Western New York Anii-SlaVery
 Society, are requested to meet at the house of
 Isaac Post, 86 Sophia street, on Saturday
 April 27, at 3 o’ clock V. u. punctually.
 JOHN DICK, Sec'y
 M'ssissppi has appropriated $20,000 to pay
 the expeuses of her delegates to the Nash
 ville Convention.
Slavery again Victorian*.
 If at any time there bare been thoee at
 the North, silly enough to believe that,
 in the conflict growing out of the slavery
 question, Northern politician* would ulti
 mately be successful, that time has certainly
 transpired. The recent appointment of Mr.
 Foote's Committee of thirteen—the men of
 whom it is composed—-tnd the circumstances
 attending its appointment, must at once put
 an end to all such vain and delusive hopes.
 The event shows no contradiction to past
 experience. Northern men have ever been,
 and we fear will ever continue to be, too
 weak to cope with their Southern superiors.
 They ire now beaten upon their own issue,
 and in a case where the South had scarcely
 a pretence to stand upon that issue is, the
 admission of California, singly and uncon
 nected with any measures now in dispute.
 The reasons in favor of this policy, were
 most striking and forcible; those against it
 feeble and far-fetched yet the North has
 yielded, and the South has triumphed. Cali
 fornia had grown up to the dignity of a
 State, and had adopted a Constitution settling
 for herself, in a manner the least objection
 able to the Soaih, the question of slavery or
 no slavery within her borders. She had done
 so on grounds which Southern men* had gen
 erally declared to be the true basis. Not
 withstanding this, the South contend that
 .r aU£»»&gt;» nos no right to come into the
 Union separately and independently, as a free
 State, without she, at the same time, shall
 drag into the Union, by the force of her owr
 claims, some vast region which shall be open
 to the foul and withering curse of human
 bondage. And most strange to say, the first
 step in this unreasonable, unjust, and wicked
 exaction, has received the sanction of the
 American Senate, and has been carried bj
 fourteen votes. We scarcely know whu
 language to employ to express, not our dis
 appointment, but our indignation, at th&lt;
 conduct of Northern men in this controversy
 They have basely betrayed the cause of free
 dnm, turned their backs upon the North
 which they were sent to represent, given uf
 their strongest fortifications to the enemy
 and become the allies of slavery and slavery
 extensionists.
 The following are the persons somprising
 the Committee:
 Chairman—HENßY CLAY.
 FROM THK NORTH.
 Webster, of Mass. Whig. Moderate
 Cooper of Penn. do. do.
 Phelps, of Yermoht do. Liberal
 Cass, of Mich. Loco Foco Pledged to South
 Dickinson, of N. Y. do. do. do.
 Bright of Indiana do. do. do.
 FROM THE SOUTH.
 Downs, of La. Loco Foco. Southern ultrtt
 King, of Ala. do. do. do.
 Mason, of Virginia do. do. do.
 Mangum, of N. C. Whig. Rather moderate
 Berrien, of Geo. do. Ultra
 Bell, of Tenn. do. Liberal
 Can anything be expected favorable to free
 dom from such a Committee 1 Its Chairman
 Mr. Clay, has already submitted Lis plan fo
 the adjustment of all questions, growing ou
 •f the subject of slavery. He is for the ad
 mission of California, with suitable bound
 aries—which means, not with her presen
 boundiPies, but with suoh as will permit tin
 formation of a State on her immediate bor
 ders, whose Constitution shall tolerate sla
 very. He is in favor of abolishing the prac
 lice of bringing slaves ihto Washington, o
 I the District of Columbia, to be sold for thi
 New Orleans market; but is opposed to abol
 ishing the slave trade between the States, 01
 slavery in the District of Columbia. He i:
 in favor of passing a law requiring the citi
 sens of free States to aid in the arrest anc
 return of fugitive slaves to their claimants
 So much for the chairman.
 Mr. Daniel Webster stands next. He hai
 also shown his cards, and told us in unniis
 likable terms, into the hands of which sec
 tion he is prepared to play. He hae cut him
 self off from Massachusetts; no longei
 speaks in her name, nor desires to represeni
 her views. In respect to Northern anc
 Southern grievances, the North is to blame
 Northern legislators have not faithfully per
 formed their constitutional pledge to returr
 the fugitive to bondage and he avows hit
 intention to vote for Mason’s Bill, converting
 every stripling of a Post Master in the na
 tion, into a judge, to settle the question ol
 slavery for life to any man who may be ar
 rested on the charge ssf having escaped from
 slavery. This is thi 'second great man of the
 Committee!
 The next is General Cass, of Michigan, ol
 whom not a word need be said. And, oh!
 deliver us the next is Daniel Dickinson, ol
 the great State of New York the most
 cringing, subservient sycophant that ever
 crawled into the good graces of the slave
 powef. And the next—tell it not! is Bright
 of Indiana, who, in every contest between
 freedom and slavery, since he had a seat in
 Congress, has been found the ready ally of
 the human fleahmongers. We repeat, can
 anything favorable to freedom bo expected
 from this Committee Such an expectation
 would be the height of folly. A Committee
 could not have been well selected more hos
 tile to the cause of free soil and free men.
 There is not a man on it, who will expresa
 the mind of the liberal portion of the North
 not one in whom the North has the slight
 est confidence. They are, every man ol
 them, candidates for Southern approbation
 and none among them believe that the in
 sulted North has the manliness or spirit to
 chastise them for their treason. And in thi*
 they are perhaps right; for it ha* always
 -seemed that those who stand best with the
 South are the most lauded at the North
 hence, wily politicians have sought first the
 approbation of the South, as a means of
 gaining and holding places of power and
 emolument at the North. It is impossible to
 say what thi* Committee will do—what
 scheme of compromise they wilt submit—how
 far they will presume upon the avarice, stu
 pidity, and corrupt moral sentiment of the
 North—and to what ex'ent their plans may
 be opposed, remains to be seen but of one
 thing there need be no doubt, and that is,
 that the North, in this mstauce, ms in all
 previous ones, will be driven to the wall.
 She has not the elements of character in her
 Representatives, to withstand the assaults ol
 her Southern masters. She fettered by
 the alleged guarantee* and compromises of
 the Constitution. She is entangled in the
 net-work of past legislation and she rolls
 under the horrid nightmare that the Union is
 in danger. She goes, therefore, to the coo-
flirt with the certainty that she shall, eventu
 ally yield the contest. She goes without
 energy, and to have her ranks speedily con
 fused, humbled, panic-struck, and finally de
 feated.— r. d.
 McGrewrille College.
 This Institution appears now to be on the
 full tide of auccessful experiment. We be
 lieve it is, at present, the only institution of
 the class, in this State, baaed upon the prin
 ciple of human equality. At its very com
 mencement, it placed its heel upon the ven
 omoua viper of American prejudice against
 color, by electing a colored gentleman to fill
 one of its most important professorships. We
 are happy to learn that that gentleman has,
 thus far, discharged the duties of his profes
 sion in a highly creditable manner; and at
 this time he commands the respect and es
 teem of the entire Institution. It is easy to
 see that a college established on such a
 foundation, is far more entitled to support,
 han any which may offer education to the
 colored man on terms which must exclude
 him from the society of white persons, and
 stamp him as a King of a different, if not
 a degraded class. It may sometimes be ne
 cessary to establish schools for the especial
 education of colored young persons; but
 this necessity can never be pleaded where
 free access can be had to school* open Tor
 the accommodation and instruction of all.
 We certainly wish every success to McGraw
 ville college and we would suggest to auch
 of our readers as have sons and daughters to
 be educated, that they cannot do better than
 patronise McGrawville College.—r. d.
 Separate School System.
 We are grieved to have to state to our
 readers, that, notwithstanding the vety pow
 erful plea of Charles Sumner, Esq., and the
 many efforts made by our colored fellow-citi
 zens in Boston and elsewhere, to have the
 odious and needless separate colored schools
 abolished, the Supreme Court of Massachu
 setts has made a decision, leaving the ques
 tion of the continuance or discontinuance oi
 such schools to the option of the Schoo
 Committees in the several towns of that
 Commonwealth; thus practically refusing a!
 jurisdiction in the matter, and leaving oui
 colored brethren in that State without the
 slightest protection of law against the ignor
 ance, caprice and prejudice of auch personi
 as may happen to be appointed on the com
 mon school Committees. The following re
 marks on this decision, are from the Neu
 Englander:
 Prejudice goes a great way in preventing
 the acknowledgment of the rights of the col
 oied citizens; and on this point, we are fret
 to say we do not believe any practical incon
 venience will 1© experienced from the distri
 bution of the colored children in the Bchooh
 of the city. Such has not been the result in
 other cities and towns of the State. No
 where in the Commonwealth, save in Boston,
 are they excluded. In Salem, where the
 colored people are nearly as numerous as
 here, their children attend school with tht
 white children. So in New Bedford and
 1 Lowell, and without inconvenience or diffi
 culty- The same is true of Worcester,
 Cambridge, Roxbury, Charlestown, and ol
 all the towns of the State, in very many ol
 which there are more or less colored people.
 Several colored men have been educated ai
 our highest academies and colleges, and havt
 graduated with the fullest honors. But wt
 need not further speak on this point.
 Of one thing we are certain. Were we i
 r colored resident, sharing in the responsibili
 i ties of citizenship, contributing our proportior
 to the support of the municipal government
 we would give no cessation to our efforts anc
 our agitation till this stigma upon our socia
 position, this violation of our undoubtet
 rights, was removed and atoned for tn the
 equal privilege of our children with tht
 whiles to all the advantages which the citt
 affords in its system of public education.”
 Correspondence;
 We are highly gratified to state that we
 are receiving letters from friends in man)
 directions, expressing their deep interest ir
 the North Star paper, and offering their co
 operation for the extension of its circulation.
 We select one or two extracts. The first is
 from the pen of an aged lady in Ohio. She
 says:
 I have taken some pains to scatter my
 papers, the North Star and the Practical
 Christian and I hope they will prove as
 bread cast upon the waters, found after
 many days.’ I have, from my childhood,
 been a friend of the colored race, always
 sympathising with them in their innumerable
 woes and sufferings, which can neither be
 told by tongue or pen, nor conceived of by
 the imagination. When I think of the tears,
 the sighs, the groans of the oppressed,
 which, no doubt, react, to High Heaven, I
 do not marvel that Jefferson should thus ex
 press himself—‘l tremble for my country,
 when I reflect that God is just, and that his
 justice cannot sleep forever.’ I do not ex
 pect to see the day when the blest jubilee
 shall be sounded, being now in my 69th year;
 but 1 expect to die in the full faith that it will
 be done. I have no mors doubt ol it, than I
 have that the Israelites were released from
 their eruel bondage in Egypt.
 Mary Watson.”
 The second is from a gentleman in Con
 necticut. He says:
 Your paper, the North Star has acci
 dentally fallen into my hands of late. I am
 much pleased with the paper. I believe that
 it is intended to do much good. As the
 Northern Polar Star is to the bondman of the
 South, a beacon to liberty, so this paper is,
 In my estimation, designed to kindle, within
 the bosom of the colored people, the spirit of
 liberty, and to make the oppressor tremble.
 T shall encourage our oppressed people to
 subscribe for your paper as far as I possibly
 an J. Cogswill.”
 Another friend writes from North Dighton,
 Mass.:
 Permit me to express my full and hearty
 approval of the’ manner and ability with
 which the paper has been conducted during
 the past year; and to expresa a hope that it
 will be conducted in fpture in the same fear
 less and independent spirit; and provo the
 means, under JDivine Providence, of restoring
 our much injured colored brethren to their
 just rights; for it is a time, of all others, to
 stand firm, when our able Northern states
 men are recreant to their duty, and quite
 under the influence of that cursed system,
 SLAVERY. Jxivrs Shove.”
 We have a number of other highly grati
 fying testimonials to the same effect, which
 it is needless to publish. We feel assured,
 tbit if our friends in different parts of the
country, will make suitable exertion, the
 iVortA Star paper can be easily placed upon
 a permanent foundation.*’ r d.
 Wt copy the following Address from the
 Associated Baptist churches of Yorkshire,
 England, that our reader* may see in what
 light those churches and ministers tegard
 slavery and the malignant prejudice against
 the colored man. It is highly gratifying to
 receive such testimony from those who are
 beyond the contaminating atmosphere which
 here surrounds the system of human bond*
 age. The churches and ministers of this
 land are so entirely under, the dominion and
 power of this abomination, that they possess
 not the requisite morel energy to battle for
 its overthrow. The Pulpit is dumb and
 the church is drunk with the blood of the
 slave.—r. d.
 The Associated Baptist Churches of York
 shire, England, to their Brethren of the
 same faith and order in the City and
 Country of Philadelphia, and in the Free
 States of Noith America generally, send
 Christian salutation,
 Dear Brethren, Jyaßw*
 A coloied brother and ththlMer of Christ
 ftom amongst you, Mr. Jeremiah Asher, has
 visited us, to solicit rrintritlijuiii lull uJj
 discharging the debt on his chapel. Cordial
 ly responding to your highly respectable re
 commendation, and to the claims of his case,
 we have contributed, as we trust you will
 think, liberally towards it. We feel con
 strained, however, to embrace this oppoituni
 ty of remonstrating with you, our brethren
 inYhrist, on the strange inconsistency of the
 treatment which our and your colored breth
 ren receive at your hands, and the strange
 difference between their treatment here, in
 England, and in ihe Free States of the
 Union. Ws have listened with interest to
 his preaching, and he has been gladly wel
 comed everywhere, both tcAur pulpits, and
 to the firesides of every class of society. We
 think that you, brethren, must agree with us,
 that we owe a debt to our colored brethren,
 which it is not only our duty,'but highly to
 our honor, to discharge; and that in no way
 can we better discharge it than by showing to
 them our love as brethren in Christ, and by
 avoiding every word or deed, and even sup
 pressing every feeling, which could make
 them painfully sensible of the grievous wrong
 which our progenitors have done to them.
 Brethren, we ate confident that you must,
 as Christians, often feel that you bring no
 small guilt on your consciences in allowing
 yourselves 10 concur wtth the children of
 this world in keeping your moat injured breth
 ren in Christ at so great a social distance, and
 in so depressed a condition, if the world can,
 without compunction, refuse them equal
 social intercouise, and practically hold them
 down to servitude, though not in slavery, it
 must violaie, brethren, your conscience and
 every Christian feeling, to do likewise.
 Brethren, we earnestly exhort you to break
 through these me.ciy conventional, yet sinful
 habits, and to honor your Master by your
 treatment of his servants. Be not ashamed
 of the brethren of Christ because the world
 is so; but let your light on this subject shine
 before men worthily of your profession. Hap
 py, indeed, should we be to see our Baptist
 brethren foremost in America, not only ir. the
 emancipation of the. colored people from per
 sonal slavery, but in the emancipation of free
 men of color from social degradation, in edu
 cating them, and elevating them by every
 possible expedient; and foremost, too, in
 emancipating themselves from a specie 3 of
 pride so iriaiional, so vujgar, and so unchris
 tian, as that of pride in difference of color!
 Although, brethren, you assign your libe
 rahty to voluntary emigrants from Europe as
 the cause of your inability to aid Mr. Asher’s
 case, we must beg to remind you of twu
 things; first, that colored men now in Ameri
 ca are in the land of their birth, therefore in
 their home, and that “charity should begin
 at home;” and next, that their color attests
 that they are the children of compulsory emi
 gration, whose ancestors were dragged by
 yours, from their fatherland, and that your
 fathers’ heavy debt to thus* unhappy emi
 grants it is surely a sacred duty on your part
 to repay to their c(iijdfep,
 We trust, therefore, that our heartily ex
 pressed sympathy with Mr. Asher, will m t
 induce you to send to us other colored breth
 ren on a similar errand. It would assuredly
 lead to disappointment. We hope, on the
 contrary, it will only stimulate you to con
 tribute yourselves in aid of your eolored
 fellow-countrymen’s spiritual wants, and also
 to elevate yourselves “to the measure of the
 stature of the fulpesa of.Cbrist,” by elevat
 ing these, His brethren and your brethren, to
 your ewn social standing.
 We are, beloved brethren,
 Yours in the Lord Jesus Christ,
 (Both your Lord and ours, and theirs also,)
 Dr. A-cworth, Horton College,
 Rev. F. Clowes, do.
 W. Whitehead, Dea. Ist Bap. Ch,
 Bradford;
 John Cooke, do. do.
 Huai and Fanstla First.
 Our American press and American people,
 slaveholders and slave traders and all, are
 particularly anxious to make Haiti appear be
 fore the world as feeble, indolent and falling
 to decay. These representations are gener
 ally received through New Orleans papers,
 and they reach the Northern, mind through
 the New York Herald and kindred publica
 tisns; yet facts do occasionally leak out,
 even through these channels, quite contra
 dictory to the dilapidated pictures which they
 are wont to draw. We see it stated, that
 that government has lately purchased two
 brigs, (one Danish and one Swedish) and that
 bufc ..ess is improving—that there is a great
 deal of logwood in the market, and that
 coffee has begun to come into Port-au-Prince
 in laige quantities but these items are not
 allowed to reach the American public, with
 out a fling at his Imperial Highness, Faustin
 Ist. He is said to delight in show and
 parade rides round the city, attended by
 some of his principal officers, and a body
 guard of dragoons and the citizens re
 ceive his black majesty with uncovered heads
 as he passes.” Now, what is there in sll
 this peculiar to a black sovereign! W*hat
 evidence is there in it of an especial love of
 show Does it indicate any greater love of
 parade than the raeie etiquette would do, in
 the case of a white sovereign Those who
 would make such conduct appear ridiculous,
 might find illustrations, on a more uragnifleent
 6cale,*in every European State; yee, even a
 little nearer home, in our democratic country.
 It is but a few years ago, since a distin
 guished slaveholder—a lord of the lasfc—
 was drawn through the streets by democratic
 citizens, instead of hones, as a mark of rev
 erence. We understand, alee, that in Rich
 mond, Ind., the bed slept in by the same dis
 tinguished individual, was kept unarranged
 for three days, to be viewed by curious spec
 tators. Now, we are ready to wager a five
 dollar hat, that Haiti, ignorant as she is pro
 nounced to be, will not afford a more ridicu
 lous and absurd illusttaiion of man-worship,
 than this.— f. d.
 Wb return our best acknowledgments to
 the Hon. W. H. Seward, and the Hon.
 John P. Hale, for valuable Congressum*!’
 documents.—r.
We copy the following extract, containing
 a portion of the Debate which occurred in
 the Senate, on the 17th inet., on Mr. Bent
 on’« motion to instruct Mr. Foote’s Com
 mittee of thirteen to consider the admission
 of California independently, and unconnected
 with all other questions arising out of the
 subject of slavery. This debate shows that
 Mr. Clay has not forgotten bow to play the
 dictator and that be is, practically, whatever
 may be the character of bis hpaVt, the most
 dangerous foe with which the cause of human
 freedom, in this country, has to contend.-
 r. o.
 Mr. Miller. 1 wish to make a suggestion
 in regard to the amendment of the Senatoi
 from Kentucky. It appears to me to be ou»
 of order, and net coming within the rules oi
 the Senate. The Senator from Missouri
 proposes to amend the original resolution by
 the adoption of certain instructions to the
 committee proposed to be raised. The Senatoi
 from Kentucky moves to amend that amend
 ment by striking it out, and to declare in
 substance that no instruction* shall be given
 to the Committee. So that the amendment
 not only Btrikea out the amendment proposed
 by the Senator from Missouri, but if adopted
 it declares that no further instructions on any
 other point shall be given to the committee.
 Now, can that be done* If it can, I mistake
 the rule in regard to a bill. Suppose this
 amendment is offered to a bill, and a Senatoi
 movea to strike out all of the amendment and
 to substitute in lieu thereof a declaration that
 no further amendment shall be made to the
 bill; can that be done? The amendment goet
 further than the amendment offered by the
 Senator from Missouri, for it not only strikes
 out his amendment,, but declares that no fur
 ther instructions shall be given on any othet
 point. Now, by the rules of the Senate,
 when a resolution or bill is under considera
 tion, it may be amended at any time, and we
 cannot declare by an amendment that no fur
 ther amendment shall be made to the bill.
 Neither can we declare that no other or fur
 ther instructions shall be made to a committee
 We can strike out these instructions, but we
 cannot by an amendment declare that there
 shall be no ether amendment.
 Mr. Clay. Of all unprofitable subjects,
 these questions of parliamentary law and usage
 are the most so. I have had, sir, in anothei
 branch of this Legislature, some little expe
 rience on this subject. But, sir, what is the
 objection which the Senator from New Jer
 sey makes upon the ground of order to my
 proposition? The Senator from Missouri
 proposes to affirm certain instructions which
 1 propose to negative. Now, are we not at
 liberty to vole in the negative upon those in
 sttuclions 1 Well if we have a right to vote
 against them, have we not a right to put that
 negative in the form of an amendment and
 vote for it? But I will state a case which ev
 ery man of three days’ service in a delibera
 tive body understands perfectly well. A re
 port is made by a special committee—for ex
 ample, on a claim. It concludes, “resolved,
 therefore, that the claim ought to be allowed.”
 Now, is anything mor- common in a legisla
 tive body than to strike out the words “ought
 not to” and to insert the words “should be?”
 Every man at all acquainted with parliamenta
 ry laws knows that if a new subject is propo
 sed—one which has no connection with the
 one under coneideraiion—it is not in order.
 But whether thev are substitutes for the
 amendment or propositions to amend it, they
 they'ate precisely the same. They relate tc
 instructions to the committee. The amend
 ment of the Senator from Missouri pioposei
 to give such and such mstiuction to the com
 mittee. My amendment says that the Sen
 ate will give none, and *n is perfectly ger
 mane to the subject, and perfectly consistent
 with all parliamentary law that 1 ever heard
 of in any deliberative body.
 Mr. Miller. Ido not make this point ol
 order in any captious spirit, and the Senatoi
 f»m Kentucky has not understood the point
 I make, Ido not object to this motion that it
 is a negative of the proposition made by the
 Senator from Missouii. The Senator is per
 fenlly correct there, but his amendment goes
 further, and cuts off all furthet instructions
 that the Senate may think proper to give tc
 the committee. That is the point, six,
 Mr. Clay. That is the design of the
 amendment, and i ask of the Senator from
 New Jersey, who I am glad has given up
 half of his objection—
 Mr- Miller. I have not given it up, for I
 never made that (a which the Senator re
 fers.
 Mr. Clay. I understood ihe Senator from
 New Jersey to object, first that my piopoai
 tionjwas a negative to affirmative instructions.
 Now I undetsiand him to say, his objection is
 not that it comprehends all that was offered
 by the Senator from Missouii, but that it laps
 a little over; that, in other words, it declares
 we will give no instructions to the commit
 tee. And has not the Senate the right to da
 that—to say that it will give no such instruc
 tions? And has it not a tight either through
 the medium of an amendment, or in any
 othei form? There cannot be a doubt on the
 subject.
 Mr. Miller. That is the very point I
 wish to raise before the Senate—whether the
 Senate, by an amendment to a bill or resolu
 tion, can declare that it will not give any in
 structions to a committee?
 Mr. Benton, (in bis seat) That’s it, sir.
 Mr. Miller. That is ihe question. Can
 a Senator, when an amendment ia offered to
 a bill, move to strike out the amendment, and
 declare subsequently that no amendment shall
 be offered to the bill? Can you, in a resolu
 tion where an amendment is offered tp in
 struct, sttike out these instructions, and de
 clare that no other shall be given? Why, we
 have on the table several other instructions
 offered by the Senator from Missouri, and
 are they to be cut off?
 Mr. Foote, (in his seat.) They have not
 yet been offered, but merely suggested.
 Mr. Miller. I may think proper to offei
 instructions, or other Senators may so intend
 and it cannot be done if this amendment u
 adopted.
 The Vice President. The Chair will
 consider the point of order aa raised.
 Mr. King. I hope the Chair will decide
 it.
 The Vice President. The Chair is ol
 opinion that the objection is not well taken.
 The amendment, which proposes to restrict
 the action of the committee, is moved to be
 stricken out by another amendment, That
 is clearly in order, it is then proposed to
 substitute, in lieu thereof, the declaration
 that the Sanate do not deem it necessary to
 express in advance any opinion, or give any
 instruction, either general or specific, for the
 guidance of said committee. The utmost
 that can be said of the amendment is, that it
 decides nothing. And, if it expressed noth
 ing but the mere motion, it would leave the
 matter just where it was left before the
 amendment was proposed. Therefore,
 lliough it may be a consideration to induce a
 Senator to vote against it, it is sot a question
 upon which to raise a point of order as to ka
 reception.
 Mr. Benton. This, which is called an
 amendment, and which strikes me as being
 nothing bat a rule of action, which the Sen
 ate ia called upon to adopt for itself, was ob
 jected to by me aa being nopai liamentary at
 the time it was offered. But I was so onfor
 oate as not to make the point of my objection
 fntelligibie. I will endeavqpr to do so now
 sod let it be seen that here is
 Mr. King. If the Senator intends to dis
 cuss the question of order, he must appeal
 from the decision of the Chair. In the ab
 sence of any such appeal, the decision is
 binding upon the Senate, and every Senator
 ia bound to acquiesce in it. The Senator
 from Missouri, therefore, if be is dissatisfied
 with the decision, must take so appeal be
 fore he can discuss the point of order.
 Mr. Benton. What I say is for the Sen
 lit, sad not by way of appsal
The Vic* President. Dow tbe Senator
 •PPMIt
 Mr. B*n row. I am speaking merely to
 th« Senate, and not by way of appeal, f w
 speaking on the proposition submitted by tbe
 Senator from Kentucky, and I mean to give
 re *i!P n "i. T#t *.^P°° r b* sure—why
 Uahould not be adopted. 1 take that to be in
 The Vtc* PafiaiDEMT, Ye*, ,j r
 Mr. W.H,
 thing. It I cannot teach I can be ta ÜB ht
 Yes, air, here is a proposition, which is J»jjl
 ed an amendment, that the Sepate does not
 deem it necessary to express in advance any
 opinion, or giro any instructions, either gen
 or specific, tor the guidance of said com
 mittee. Now, here is a declaration, rery
 proper perhaps lo be adopted in a caucus, but
 not belonging to the Senate at all, by which
 Ihe Senator asks that the Senate shill cut it
 mi 8 K,r UU y OK'-
 ing amendments to bills and resolutions whiu
 going through.the body. All this might do
 in caucus, but it wiH not do in the Senate
 The Senate does not deem it necessary (whv
 not deem it necessary!) to giro any inatruc-
 Uona at all on any subject to the commie
 It is a committee, as is frequently proclMpi^
 ed—-though its appointmentia not yet enteßdßk
 on the Journal— composed of distinguished
 and leading men, and it may be that they
 have all the wisdom of the Senate in their
 ha n d !l. an A u^ at rhen J U ey nothing
 will be left behind, and all the rest of the Sen
 ate pul together can give them no informa
 tion. ‘All this may be so, but it is the first
 time that tbe Ameiican Senate was ever call
 ed upon to make such a declaration, jt j* not
 toduit m advance.. Why not do it in advance*
 Has not the Senate been in tbe practice of
 giving instructions to committees, from the
 foundation of the Government to the present
 day! Is it not done in regatd to alt commit
 tees, whenever Senators choose? And was
 it ever proposed before to tie up the hands of
 the Senate by a previous declaration that
 they will not give opinions in advance*
 They may give them afterwards, and may
 agree to what may be done, but beforehand
 the body of the Senate is to do nothing. It
 is not to give any instructions, either general
 or specific., for the guidance of the said com
 mittee! Sir, the objection is well taken by
 the Senator from New Jersey that this goes
 beyond the amendment which I have offered
 and which is before the Senate. It goes be
 yond what is before the Senate, and declares
 at once that, no mattet what amendments any
 Senator may have in his bosom, no matter
 what may be offered, the Senate will not
 consider them. This, sir, is a new declara
 tion to be made in the American Senate, and
 one of those, which, if it pass, will pass after
 going through such parhamentaiy forma as
 will matk it as an epoch in our parliamenta
 ry history. Sir, it is a new method of ap
 plying the previous question—a question nev
 er applied in this body. It is a new method
 of applying the gag—a thing never done in
 this body. It is a new way of stultifying the
 whole body of Senators, except thsse who go
 out on the committee. Sir, all this is new;
 and is it not as impotent as it is new? Supl
 pose it is adopted. Suppose the Senate re
 store itself into what seems tome to be noth
 ing more than a caucus and adopt this reso
 lution. What next? The moment these have
 adopted it, has not every member here a par
 liamentary right to offer amendments on the
 spot, regardless ot what the Senate has deci
 ded upon? The attempt is impotent. We
 have a right to offer instructions after inatruc
 tions, and when offered, the only way for
 the Senate to do, if it will not adopt them
 is to refuse them; that is, to vote them down
 when presented. That is the only way—the
 only sensible method. li the Senate adopts
 this lesolution, that it will not give any in
 structions, they cannot get rid of the question.
 We have the right, every one of us, while wa
 remain Senators, to offer our piopositioos for
 instruction. And I presume there will be
 enough to offer those instructions, and test
 their parliamentary right to do so; and Sena
 tor) will be brought to the point on each in
 inst. action for itself, while there is enough to
 call the yeas and nays to vote on each for it
 self, AH this must be apparent. And now,
 sir, why persevere in endeavoring to get a
 I declaration from the Senate which is to cut
 off a parliamentary proceeding, when you
 cannot do it? It will end in impotency; of
 that gentleman may rest assured. It is the
 first time that ever such a thing was attempt
 ed in the American Senate. It is cutting us
 off from deliberation. It ia cutting us off
 Irom our right of instruction, and it is fore
 stalling debate. It is an assumption the like
 of winch never before was known in this
 body.
 Now, Bir, this great committee-—we
 have had their names in the newspapers,
 though they have not yet been elected by
 the Sen.tie. Grant that they have ail the
 wisdom of tbe Senate, aud will carry it out
 w ith them; yet the Senate is not to declare
 upon this proceeding that it could give them
 no instruction. They are not to adopt a
 resolution which admits that the Senate can
 not enlighten them at all. It is not for the
 Senate to say that they would sit here in
 Egyptian darkness, until the committee comes
 in aod illuminates the Chamber. And now,
 if it should be the fact that everything ia
 ready, that the report ia ready, and that the
 committee have nothing to do' in the world af
 ter it goes out, but to come back again—like
 the French king who marched up the hill and
 down again—if such should be the case,
 would it not better become the Ameiican
 Senate that it should produced, and let us
 have the illumination at once? Would it not
 be better to produce the report at once,.and
 act on this bill for the adtmasion ofCaJilornia
 as it came along?,
 Sir, the going out of that committee from
 1 this Chamber might excite alarm throughout
 the country. What do we suppose if we see
 a physician hastening to the hquse? Why,
 that somebody is sick there; but we ate not
 yet alarmed. But if we see two doctors go
 ing there, we suppose the case its difficult one
 and if we see four, five,*six,or seven doctors
 collecting at the house, we conclude iramedi
 aiely that somebody is dying at that bouse.
 Now, sir, if this great number of political
 doctors are to sit on the body of the Republic,
 what will the country suppose but that the
 poor Republic is at the last grasp, and that
 it take* thirteen doctors to sit upon the case
 and save the patient. Sir. it is to alarm the
 country. I tell you, from this proceeding
 there must be an alarm, or there must be a
 laugh. One or the other there must be.
 From the sublime to the ridiculous is only ooe
 step; and what in this case must have convul
 sed tbe country in the beginning, has now
 got where a step wouid cover it with ridicule.
 Sir, suppose this committee goes oot and
 comes back with a report, and suppose it is
 nothing more nor less than (o convert this
 Senate into the old Ijjacksmith shop at Gretna
 Green, and making them join parties together
 whether God ever sanctioned it or not; sup
 pose the committee comes back with a report
 cut and dried for the purpose of joining to
 California four or five measures which the
 Senate and tbe House have been talking of
 for four or five months, past; suppose they
 bring back nothing but what ia already pre
 pared, and which is upon all our tables, in
 wbat position will this great committee be?
 We have read of the mountain that was in la
 bor, and that was delivered of a mouse. But
 it was at least a live mouse, for tbe fable says
 it But heie it seems that gentlemen are
 to bring out something that has been lying on
 oar tables so long that it is dead—a combi
 nation of measures which (has been so long
 horn that they are lying helpless in their cra
 dles.
 Sir, there ia no medium. The country, if
 not alarmed, moat laugh. But lam against
 making what is equivalent to a proclamation
 declaring tbe country in danger. The send
 ing out ol such a committee as tbw is pre
 cisely equivalent to tbe Senate’s tasking a
 proclamation in solemn form thst the Repub
 lic Ml in danger, and then almost giving jhe
 dietahirial power of mamg tht Republic
