in 11 w trU* s
For the North Star.
 XHI PAINTER OF SEVILLE.
 p r
 *T Mil* JBSAiV WILLSON.
 *f«u rooming in Seville, and brightly beamed
 The early sunbeam in one chamber there,
 Sbowiog, wnere’er its glowing radiance beamed,
 Rich varied beauty. Twa* tlie study where
 Murillo, the famed pni itrr, came to share
 With young aspirants his long cherished art—
 To prive how vai i must be the teacher’s care,
 Who strives his unbought knowledge to impart
 The language of the soul, ihe feelings of the heart!
 The pupils came, and glancing round,
 Mendez upon his canvass found
 Not his own work of yesterday,
 But, glowing in the rooi ning ray,
 A sketch so rich, so pure, so bright,
 It almost seemed as if ’twas given
 To glow before his dazzled sight,
 Tints and expressions warm from Htarsn.
 ’Twas bits sketch—the Virgin’s head—
 Yet was unearthly beauty shed
 (Jpou the mildly beaming face;
 The life, the eye, the flowing hair,
 Had separate, yet blended grace—
 A poet’s ((Tightest dream was there!
 Murillo entered, and amazed,
 On the mysterious painting gazed:
 Whose work is this?—Speak, tell me, he
 Who to his aid such power can call,”
 Exclaimed the teacher, eagerly,
 Vill yet lie master of us all.
 Would /had done it! Ferminand!
 (sturitz! Mendez' say whose hand
 Among ye alii” With ttwlf-brcathed sigh,
 Each pupil whispered—“ ’Twas not 1'”
 How came it therel” impalie itl&gt;
 Murillo cried; but we shall see,
 Ere long, into this mystery.—
 Sebastian)”—
 At the summons came
 A bright-eyed slave,
 Who trembled at the stem rebuke
 Hie master gave:
 For, ordered in that room to sleep,
 And faithful guard o’er all to keep,
 Murillo bade him now declare
 What rash intruder had been there,
 And threatened, (if he did not tell
 The truth at once the dungeon’s cell.
 Thou answerest not!” Murillo said
 (The boy had stood in speechless fear)—
 Speak on!” at last he raised his heal,
 And murmured, No one has been here.”
 *Tis false!” Sebastian bent his knee,
 Aid clasped his hands imploringly,
 And said, I swear it—none but me!”
 List,” said his master I would know
 Who enters here. There have been found
 Before, rongh sketches strewn around,
 By whose bold hand *tis yours to show.
 See tb it to-night strict watch you keep,
 Nor dare to close your eyes in sleep.
 If on to-morrow morn you fail
 To answer what I ask,
 The huh shall forct you; do you hear?
 Hence to your daily task.”
 ’Twas midnight in Seville, and faintly shone
 Fross one small lamp, a dim uncertain ray
 Within Murillo’s study. All had gone,
 Who there in pleasant tasks, o converse gay,
 Passed cheerfully the morning hours away.
 ’Twas shadowy gloom, and breithless silence, save
 That to sad thoughts, and torturing fear a prey,
 One hright-eyed boy was there—Murillo’s slave.
 Almost a child, that boy had secu
 Not thrice five summers vet;
 But genius marked the I (fry brow
 »»’er which his locks f jet
 Profusely curled; bis cheek's dark hue
 Proclaimed the warm blood flowing through
 Each throbbing vein, a mingled tide,
 To ifrica and Spain allied.
 Alas' what fate is mine,” he said—
 The lash if I refuse to tell
 Who sketched those figures. If I do,
 Perhaps e’en more—the dungeon’s cell
 He breatl ed a prayer to Heaven for aid;
 It came; for soon in slumber laid,
 Ha slept until the dawning day
 ■had on his humble couch its ray.
 I’ll sleep no more,” he eried; and now
 Three hours of freedom may gam
 Before mv master comes; for then
 I shall be but a slave again.
 Three hours of freedom! how
 Shall l employ tb.‘ml Ah! e’en now
 The figure on that canvass tractd
 Mut —yes it must be effaced.”
 He seised a brush. The morning light
 Gave to the head a softe.ied glow;
 He cried, Shall I efface itl No!
 That breathing life! that beaming eye!
 Efface them! I woul 1 rattier die’”
 The terror if the humble slave
 Gave place to the o’erpoweriog glow
 Of the high feelings nature gave,
 WMah only gifted spirits know.
 HggOuched the brow—the lip; it seemed
 His pencil had some magic power,
 The eye with deeper feeling beamed.
 Sebastian forgot the hour!
 Forgot his master and the threat
 Of punishment still hanging o’er him;
 For with each touch new beauties met,
 And mingled in the face before him.
 At length ’twas finished; rapturonsly
 He gazed—could aught more beauteous bel
 Awhile absorbed, entranced be «tood,
 Then started; horror chilled his blood!
 His master and the pupils all
 Were there e’en at his side!
 The terror-stricken sieve was mute:
 Mercy would be denied,
 E’en could lie ask it; so he deemed,
 And the poor boy ha f lifeless seemed.
 Speechless, bewildered, for a space,
 They gaze t upon that perfect lace,
 Each with an artist’s joy.
 At MmgUl Murillo wU M, broke,
 And with affected stemhess spoke,
 Who is your master, boyl’
 You, Senor,’ said the trembling slave.
 Nay, who, I mean, instruction gave,
 Before that Virgin’s head you drew?’
 Again lie answered, 4 Bnly you.*
 I gave you none,* Murillo cried.|
 Bat I have beard,’ the boy replied,
 What you to at as said.’
 Aad more than beard,’ in kinder tone
 The pemter spoke, 4 ’its plainly shown
 That you have profited.
 What (to his popits) is his meed?
 Reward or punishmeut?
 Reward! reward!’ they warmly cried;
 nchaetian’s ear was lent
 To catch the sounds be scarce believed,
 But with imploring luok received.
 What shall it be? They spake of geld,
 And of a splendid dress;
 But still unmoved Sebastian stood,
 Silaat aad motionless.
 4 Spaak,’ said Murillo, kindly; choose
 Your own reward; wbat shall it be?
 Name what you will, l*l| not refuse.
 Then speak at once ami fearlessly.’
 Oh! if I dared!’—SeUetiaa knelt,
 And feelings be could not control
 But feared to utter even then,
 With strong smouea shook his soul.
 Courage!’ hi* muster said, and each
 Essayed &gt;a kind half-whispered speech.
 To soothe his overpowering (head.
 He scarcely beard, till some one said,
 Sebastian ask—y#u have your choice—j-
 Ask fer jorn/roodom!’ At tbs word,
The suppliant strove to r*iae hia voice;
 At fir*; bat stifled aoba were board.
 And then the prayer brae'hod fervent It,
 Oh, mattrr! mah mjr fatktr frt*f*
 Him and thyself my noble boy!’
 Warmly the painter cried,
 Raising Sebaatian from bia feet,
 Ho preaaed him to bia side;
 Thy tatent* rare and filial love,
 E’en m r* hare nobly won;
 Still be thou mint by at’*' bonds—
 My pupil and my on.’
 Murillo knew, e’en when the words
 Of generous feeling passed bia lips,
 Sebastian’s talents soon must lead
 To fame that would hia own ecbpse."
 And constant to hia purpose atill,
 He joyed to see hia pupil gain
 B’nealh his power such matchless skill,
 As made hia name the pride of Upain.
iHio(e aneou9.
From the New York Evangelist.
 MADAME ROLAND.
Before the tria] and execution ofthe
 Girondists, M. Roland had effected
 his escape, and taken refuge with
 some friends at Rouen. Madame Ro
 land had been informed of the place of
 his retreat, aud found the bitterness of
 her imprisonment alleviated Jiy the joy
 she experienced in reflecting that her
 husband was surrounded by faithful
 friends. Her heart was also tranquili
 zed, in the midst of the perils which
 had gathered around her, by the tidings
 that her daughter had found a home
 with one of her most devoted friends,
 and that thus, in the bosom of a hap
 py family, she was encircled by almost
 maternal love.
 The Girondist party, though their
 leaders had been guillotined, was still
 powerful in France. Madame Roland
 was its idol, and a kind of chivalrous
 enthusiasm rallied many generous
 hearts around her. The Jacobins, with
 Robespierre at their head, deemed it
 necessary to confirming their power,
 that this idol should be destroyed.
 When Robespierre first came to Paris,
 a modest young man, Madame Roland
 met him, and discerning his talents,
 took him by the hand, and
 his republican zeal. He often met
 with the little circle of distinguished,
 men who surrounded the table in Ma
 dame Roland’s library, in their long
 evening conferences, and the next day
 he would speak eloquently in the Con
 vention, when his companions could not
 fail to perceive that his ideas, and his
 expressions even, were those which he
 had gleaned from the eloquent lips of
 his distinguished female friend. But
 gradually he withdrew from the Giron
 dists in the waning of their power, and
 took an undisputed position at the head
 of the Jacobin party, now so rapidly in
 the ascendant. Robespierre was a
 stoic, and had steeled his heart against
 every kindly sympathy. With no ap
 arent relentings, he signed the|warrant
 which jvas to bring that friend who had
 so beneficently smiled upon him, and
 before whose attractions he had so of
 ten bowed, to trial, and as he wel
 knew, to the guillotine.
 Madame Roland was now committed
 to the prison of I’Abbaye, to wait her
 trial. Notwithstanding all her fortitude
 and the heroic composure with which
 she was able to contemplate the violent
 death which was approaching, she
 could not refrain from yielding, at times
 to floods ot tears, as she reflected upon
 her long imprisonment, and her cruel
 separation from her husband and her
 idolized child. The personal beauty
 and the fascinating intellectual and
 moral endowments of Madame Roland,
 soon won the hearts of her jailers, and
 they did all in their power to alleviate
 the bitterness of her imprisonment.
 The merciless Commissioners had con
 signed her to a dungeon which no
 beam of light might penetrate. But
 the compassion of her keepers induced
 them to assign to her a cell, where a
 few rays of the morning sun could
 struggle through the grated windows,
 and where the light of day, though dim
 ly, might still in some degree cheer
 those eyes, so soon to be closed forev
 er. The soul, instinctively apprecia
 tive of beauty, will, under the most ad
 verse circumstances, evoke congenial
 visions. She was indulged with flow
 ers, of which from childhood she had
 been most passionately fond. Flowers
 seem to comprehend and requite unaf
 fected love. And the plants, at the
 iron window ofthe prison, appeared to
 grow with the luxuriance ot gratitude.
 With interwining leaf and blossom they
 concealed the rusty bars, till they
 changed the aspect of the grated cell
 into a garden bower, where birds
 might nestle and sing, and affection
 might love to linger. A few particular
 friends were occasionally permitted to
 visit her; and with books, and her nev
 er-failing resource the pen, she be
 guiled the weary hours. Her highly
 mind with such philosophic
 resignation yielded to the pressure of
 misfortune, that many hours and days
 even, of calm and pensive enjoyment,
 illuminated her cruel imprisonment.
 There is something cold and chilling
 in the support which pride and philoso
 phy alone can afford. Madame Ro
 land had met with Christianity only as
 it appeared in the pomp and parade of
 the Catholic Church, and in the open
 ly dissolute lives of its ignorant or vol
 uptuous priesthood. While her poetic
 temperament was moved by the sublime
 conception of a God ruling over the
 world of mind; revealed religion, as
 her mind had encountered it, she could
 not but reject. Her natural tempera
 ment was serious, reflective, we can
 almost say devotional. But she be
 held in the pomp and pride and bare
 faced deception of the Roman Catho
 lic system, but a collossal monster, op
 pressing the people with hideous super
 stition, and sustaining with its super
 human energies the corruption of the
 nobles and of the throw*. In reject
 ing the Papal system, she had no friend
 to reveal to her the warm and shelter
 ed and congenial retreat of evangeli
 cal piety. She was conducted almost
 inevitably, by the philosophy of the
 times, to those chilling, barren, storm
 swept hights, where the soul can find
 no shelter but in its own indomitable
 energies of endurance. These ener
 gies Madame Roland displayed in such
 a degree, as to give her a name among
 the very first of those who by heroiim
 have shed lustre upon human nature.
 Many hours of every day rite be-
guiled in writing the memoirs of her
 own life. It ia an eloquent end
 touching narrative, written with the
 expectation that each sentence might
 be enterrupled by the entrance of the
 gens d’arnes, to conduct her to trial
 and to the guillotine. In this unveil
 ing of her heart to the world, one aees
 a noble nature, generous and 4frong,
 animated with instinctive benevolence,
 and nerved to resignation by fatalism.
 The consciousness of spiritual loftiness
 consti'uted her only religion, and her
 only pn sent pleasure. The anticipa
 tion of high reputation among men, af
 ter death, her only heaven. The
 Christian must pity, while he must ad
 mire. No one can read the thoughts
 she penned, but with the deepest emo
 tion. Now her mind wanders to the
 hours of her precocious and dreamy
 childhood, and lingers in her little
 chamber gazing upon the golden sun
 set, and her eye is bathed in tears as
 she reflects ot her home, desolated by
 death, and still more desolated by that
 unhonored union, whicn the infidel.ty
 j of the times tolerated, where one look
 the position of the wife, unblest by the
 sanction of Heaven. Again her spirit
 1 wings its flight through the gloomy bars
 of her prison, to her beautiful rural
 home, where she spent her happiest
 years, and she forgets the iron and the
 stone and the dungeon glooms which
 surround her, as she walks among her
 flowers, and through the green fields,
 and at the vintage eats the rich, ripe
 clusters of the grape. Her pleasant
 household cares, her dairy, the domes
 tic fowls recognizing her voice and fed
 from her own hand, her library and her
 congenial intellectual pursuits rise be
 fore her, an entrancing vision, and she
 mourns like Eve the loss of Eden.
 The days of celebrity and of power en
 gross her thoughts. Her husband ia
 again Minister of the King. The most
 influential statesmen and brilliant ora
 tors are gathered around her chair.
 Her mind is guiding the surging Al
 lows of the revolution, and influencing
 the decisions of the proudest thrones
 of Europe. The slightest movement
 dispels the illusion. She is a prisoner,
 awaitipg death.—Her husband is a fu
 gitive with human blood-hounds more
 merciless than the brute,upon his track.
 Her daughter, the object of her most
 idolatrous love, is left fatherless and
 motherless in this cold world. The
 guillotine has already consigned those
 whom she loved best to the grave.
 But a few more days of sorrow can
 dimly struggle through her prison win
 dows, ere she must be canducted, sur
 rounded by the execrations of the mob
 of Paris, to the most revolting death.
 Woman’s nature for a moment tri
 umphs over philosophic fortitude, and
 she finds momentary relief in a flood
 of tears.
 The hour for her trial arrived. She
 was prepared to meet it. Conscious
 that any attempt at defense would be
 entirely unavailing, she submitted
 without resistance or expostulation to
 her fate. She was led before her inex
 orable judges, and accused of being
 the wife of M. Roland and the friend
 of his friends. She smiled proudly, as
 she admitted the truth of both of these
 charges. The serenity of her eye was
 untroubled, and the composure of her
 disciplined spirit unmoved, save by the
 exalation of enthusiasm, as she noted
 the progress of the trial which was bear
 ing her rapidly and resistlessly to the
 scaffold. She heard the sentence con
 demning her to immediate death, with
 apparently as joyous a spirit, as if it
 were her passport to a glorious immor
 tality. With a light heart and elastic
 step she rose to leave the court-rooin
 and slightly bowing to her judges said,
 with a bitter and ironical smile, “1
 thank you for considering me worthy
 to share the fate of the good men you
 have already murdered.” With the
 agility of a child, light-hearted and
 happy, she tripped down the stone
 steps which led to her dungeon in the
 Conciergerie. As she passed along
 the corridor, fellow-prisoners, haggard
 with confinement and despair, came
 from their cefls to meet her. She
 smiled upon them, and drawing her
 right hand across her throat, gave
 them the significant sign that her deliv
 erance was at hand. Her friends, who
 had no tears to shed for their own fate
 wept bitterly over hers.
 The morning of the 6th of November
 1793, dawned gloomily over Paris. It
 was the darkest hour of that night of
 terror, which enveloped the metropolis
 so long in its gloomy shades. The
 carts of the condemned that morning,
 were burdened with an unusual num
 ber of victims, as they rolled heavily
 along to the scaffold. Madame Roland
 was placed in the last cart, by the side
 of a weak and infirm old man, whose
 trembling nerves entirely failed him in
 this severe hour of trial. She wa9
 in a white robe, which she wore, she
 said, as the emblem of her innocence.
 Her black and glossy hair fell in rich
 profusion to her waist. A keen No
 vember blast swept the streets, under
 the influence of which, and the excite
 ment of the scene, her animated coun
 tenance glowed with all the ruddy
 bloom of youth. She stood firmly in
 the cart, looking with a serene eye
 upon the crowds which lined the
 streets, and ever addressing words of
 encouragement and support, to the fee
 ble old man at her side. She bent
 over the weeping sufferer, with filial
 tenderness, and by her pleasantry, suc
 ceeded even in winning a smile from
 bis pale and trembling lips. The ex
 cretions of the mob, who believed that
 she was a traitor to the Republic, filled
 the air, and they shouted franticly,
 ‘‘To the guillotine! to the guillotine!”
 “I am goinp,” she replied, “to the
 Cuillotine, a lew moments and 1 shall
 e there. They who send me thither,
 will ere long follow me. I go innocent
 They will come stained with blood.
 You who now applaud our execution,
 will then with equal zeal applaud
 theirs.”
 They arrived at the guillotine. The
 ax fell rapidly upon her associates,
 and head after head dropped in the bas
 ket. The executioners approached
 the cart wnere Madame Roland, and
 her fainting companion stood. With
 an animated countenance, and a cheer
 ful smile, she was all engrossed in en
 deavoring to infuse fortitude into his
 *oul. The executioner grasped her
 by the arm. “Stay,” said she slightly
 resisting his grasp. “1 have one only
that is not for myself.
 I beseech you grant it me.” Then
 turning to the okl man, “Do you pre
 cede me to the scaffold. To see my
 blood flow, would make you snffer the
 bitterness of death twice over. I must
 spare you the pain of witnessing my
 punishment.” The executioner gave
 a surly refusal, stating that his orders
 were to take her first. “Surely,” she
 replied, with one of her most winning
 smiles, and with that grace which was
 almost resistless, “you cannot refuse
 the last request of a woman.” The
 hard-hearted executor of the law yield
 ed, and the poor o’d man, more dead
 than alive, was placed beneath the fa
 fa! ax.
 Madame Roland, without the slight
 est change of color, or the tremor of a
 nerve, looked on; and then unaided,
 with a firm and elastic step, almost of
 joyousness, ascended the scaffold. By
 the side of the guillotine, there stood a
 coliossal statue of liberty. Bowing be
 fore this statue, she exclaimed “O
 Liberty! Liberty! how many crimes are
 committed in thy name!” She then
 surrendered herself to the executioner.
 Her slender and fairy form was bound
 to the plank. The plank fell. The
 glittering steel glided through the
 groove, and the head of Madame Ro
 land, was severed from her body.
A RACE FOR LIFE.
 Presence of mind is a life preserver
 which, although never patented, is not
 yet to be possessed by all men. Pres
 ence of mind is the power of maintain
 ing the operations of the mind in the
 midst of danger,and against the assaults
 of fear and surprise. It is invaluable to
 the possessor as a personal safeguard,
 and gives him the power to protect the
 lives of his fellow men.
 As an instance of this latter power,
 we will relate a little incident told to
 us by one who had seen much of the
 world in various lands. He was at a
 port in the VVest Indies. "With two
 friends he went down to the water to
 bathe.—While he remained upon the
 dfcore, and his companions were spor
 ting with the waves at a considerable
 distance, he espied an enormous shark
 making straight for the unconscious
 swimmers. The first impulse ot a
 hasty and inconsiderate peison would
 have been to alarm the bathers by loud
 outcries of danger. But our* friend
 knew that such a course would, by
 I frightening them deprive his compan
 ions of all power of escape. He
 therefore preserved his unconcern
 ed appearance, and playfully shouting
 to them, bantered them to a race, and
 to increase the rivalry between them,
 promised the one who should first reach
 the shore a slight reward. Nothing
 loth to try their powers of speed, the
 two swimmers struck out for the shore
 with all the swiftness at their command.
 All this time the shark .had been silent
 ly nearing his prey, and as they turned
 for the shore he shoi through the waves
 with increased rapidity. The race for
 life, uncounsiously on the part of the
 pursued, was now fairly begun. The
 swimmers strained every nerve in their
 friendly rivalry, while yet the shark
 gained rapidlygipon them. Our friend
 upon the shore, although inwardly tor
 tured with anxiety, still preserved his
 calm and smiling appearance as he
 continued to throw out incentives to in
 crease the speed of his unfortunate
 friends. They were still a long way
 from the shore, when one of them
 sho ed signs of fatigue, and was ap
 pi*ently about to relinquish the race.
 That was a moment of great agony for
 our friend. Still he preserved his pre
 sence of mind, and shouting encourag
 ingly to the tired swimmer, induced
 him to continue the contest for the vic
 tory. On came the shark, nearer and
 nearer, his fins flashed in the sunlight.
 The swimmers approached the shore;
 the shark was so near his victims that
 he turned upon his back to begin the
 work of death; our friend rushed into
 the water, and dragging hi# amazed
 iriends upon the bank, pointed to the
 baffled sea monster, now lashing the
 waves with his fins. Then the swim
 mers comprehended the imminent dan
 ger from which they had escaped, and
 one of them fell fainting to the earth.
 They never forgot the unconscious
 race with the shark, nor that it was to
 admirable presence of mind of their
 the friend that they owed their lives.—
 Portlada Transcript.
 This Beautiful World. l admit
 that this world is sufficiently sorrowful,
 and, to a certain extent properly term
 ed “a vale of tears," yet I do not fully
 sympathize in the sickly repinings at
 its miseries and vanities, which are ton
 commonly complained of; for the world
 is the workmanship of God; and it is
 correspondency beautiful; beautiful
 surpassing description. Its mountains
 and valleys, hills and plains, rivulets,
 lakes oceans; its infinitely diversified
 forms and colors—for it embraces ali
 the hues of the rainbow, variously
 blended and combined—ali are beauti
 ful. Then the sun pours down upon it
 a flood of glory by day, and the moon
 mantles it with a silver radiancy by
 night; and oh! is not the cauopy beau
 tiful when it is scintillating with its mil
 lions of s ars! And there is much of
 moral beauty too, in this much-abused
 world of ours, maugre all that the bi
 got and the cynical philosopher may
 say to the contrary. See, for instance,
 .sternal love, “strong as death,"
 bending over the cradle of infancy, and
 the couch of affliction; see hearts uni
 ted by mutual affection reciprocally
 sustaining each other through long,
 long years of trial and suffering; see,
 in short, amidst the darker aspects of
 human life, on which gloomy writers
 are wont to dwell, there are transpiring
 a thousand scenes to engage the appro
 ving notice of all-seeing Heaven. Yes
 this is a beautiful world.— Rogers.
 Gerrit Smith's Lands.—A com
 mittee in New York, on whom Mr. Ger
 rit Smith devolved the duty of selec
 ting ISO respectable people of color, as
 recipients of his bounty, acknowledge
 the receipt of 15 deeds of laud for as
 many men, with 10 dollars for each of
 them, and $450 for 75 colored women.
 Deeds and money in the tame propor
 tion have beeogiven to 425 men, aad an
 equal number of women in other parts
 of the Stale. These gifts amount in
 the aggregate to $50,000,
2lbt&gt;ertiscnunto.
Asylum for the Sick.
 HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 M n No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tin
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institutioi
 ?,',T W y ,»nd in successful opera
 non. The proprietor analyses every diseas e bat i,
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appn,
 prmte remedy. Although water is used in ereryVa
 that is applied in any water*ure establishment il
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to h
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the cnl
 or principal leniedy in the treatment of disease suli
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class c
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by a
 other systems af practice, and are still unable t
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to thei
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any litter.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution no
 only entirely remove disease hut give increase
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many hav
 been brought here from different parts of the conn
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weigh
 on their feel from five to fifteen years; and som
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or evei
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few week
 j would be walking with the elasticity of youth am
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who sai
 them when they fast came. The treatment of tbi
 Institution is particularly calculated to tfewove th
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stage
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of ag
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined t
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble t&lt;
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pai
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head' Spiuti
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsi;
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Cosliveness, f)i
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessiv
 Menstruation, Whiles, all Nervous Diseases, Col
 Feet and ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters o
 all kinds, Salt Kheum, in its woisl forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod i
 its fust stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention t
 the aliove diseases for the last ien years, and ha
 treated them in an entirely different wajnrom an
 other private practice or public Institution in thi
 country; and such has been his success, and so rei
 tain arc his remedies in their effects on these dm
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cet
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalid
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient gnaranle
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impc
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to an
 expense in this Institution without being baaefite
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into.the Institution, to advance the money an
 •ny all the expenses from any part of the Unite
 Suites here and back home again, before he cots
 inences the treatment, and give a bond to board them
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing
 if he (foes not help them according to contract. A‘n
 one thinking the above proposition not a sulhcteu
 guarantee against niisiepiesentations and expens
 without receiving equal lienefit, ran let the proo-fe
 tor know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it shill b
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helpei
 here, as nothing has ever been published before
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those wh
 choose to make a confact in ease of failure. Th
 design of this Circular is not to make known th
 cures that have been made in this institution,
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mo
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying al
 other systems of practice, and without lunch or an
 lieneflt, and still remain confined to their beds froii
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institutioi
 whose treatment is different from any.other one th
 United States, and is particularly adapted to thei
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unles
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution
 t!ie nnmber ofpatients must be limited, therefoie th
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight aw
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othe
 systems of practice nor does he want any one li
 coine, unless tliey wish to get well, and are williii]
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twent
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day ii
 succession; ami also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peopl
 that call themselves well, as he means tliat ever
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatmeii
 in tlie Analytic institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motiou, firmness u
 texture, capability of endurance, and improve)
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is fouud
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, am
 consequently its superiority over every other dii
 ferenl system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receivi
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 be made to those who have been helped in this Inau
 tution and also good references as to respousibiliti
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 -I- vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of al* the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 hospitals in Una country, in addition to those who
 have used the liinb, as being in every res|&gt;ect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Matt.,
 by Mesi-n.. Palmer, Currier Hudson.,
 They warrun entu t taii*iu&gt; in&gt;n j
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Hotter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception ofpatienu
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 patliy. Ihe supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” Ihe location is quite eligible, beiug but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charmiug grounds for walks and rambles. Bo that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented tlie following pheno
 mena. If plftced in an erect position, and leftWiu
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 ami was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she!
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a .mail
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patidhu are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular ia the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them ia common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Leber (roods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro*
 dace Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslm for linings, brown and colored
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an e*-
 cellem article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 JU5* JtC.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring tnfbnaauoa,
 mav be addressed to J. MiUer McKun, 81. North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 85, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jol—tf
Colored Sailors’ Hone,
 330, Purl Strut, Now York.
 FRIEND* 4* aad strangers oa a visit
 to Mow York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and alas lowa price as in any othei
 bouse in the city. The house ia large and con
 venient; wilt bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Familiestan have private rooms, aad every attew-
 WMt f. POWELL.
 May U ,1840.
(Ulster's Eclectic Metical lastitate,
 «b 4 Water-fare E&amp;UNiskweat.
 THW Institution lias been in successful operation
 dunn* fourteen jews, for Uw cure of nil Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 r cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pn
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 i by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find r&gt; lief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to tbeir
 i beds for years, and who were almost in dt snair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they nave
 i learned that others, laboring under as many discoor
 agenients as tbems* Ires, bare been cured by this
 treatment after everythin# else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER-
 I VOLS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 i kr., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 r their accompaniments—as DYS-
 EU M ATIs M, NELRA LG lA, COB
 LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 l LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 riAL INSANITY, and a host of odier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their phvsicians understand,
 i and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would ray, we are rjring hundreds just
 i like you eVery year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured —why not coine
 I yourselves, und save life, time and money
 We are using water in all the various ways ill
 i which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yel
 i we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH IS LECTRICITY,
 I and a new mode of application which truly is uutgi
 cal in iu efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to he successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapses Uteri (falling
 i of the womb,) Leucorrliea, [whites] suppressed am
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident t&lt;
 i that period known as the turn ol life— involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice
 i Females frequently suffer for years from the disease!
 I incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessees* and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most i
 i few luunlhs’treatraent, would remove their difficuitie!
 and restore them to their families, with health u
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otliers. This has never failed to U
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution
 however weak and helpless the patient may havi
 tmen on entering it. Many have come hundreds o
 miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriagi
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Thes&lt;
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving tb&lt;
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 I eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer th
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 1 We will enter into a special written agreement wit
 1 ruch as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow th
 rules and regulations, and go through the system o
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and fron
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, am
 give them our professional services, fret of charge,
 i they art not helped according to agreement. This it ti
 hoped will pul a slop to cries of empyriciain frou
 those interested m keeping patients under theirowi
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn ou
 by disease, who liave spent much of their substanci
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, withou
 I finding it; that here they will not S|&gt;end tbeir rnnne
 without benefit, and that no lalse statements or ini
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties i
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The most helpless and feeble eases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from wdktng by OTHER diseases, can go u
 a,id down stairs in 48 hours ajter commencing treatment
 i without fear or trouble in regard to their origin al dij
 Acuity. To produce this almost instantaneous relief
 i the patient u subjected to no pain or inconvenience, am
 m every instance a speedy cure w performed. If an
 one doubts la them select the most trying and diffi
 cult cast they can find, and test our veracity and shill
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about ou
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any othe
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wi
 I send them an account of the Institution—Certificate
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free c
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and counter
 P. S.—Our room is therefore we wan
 i nolie to apply that can be cured at home. We prist
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunat
 enough to do.
 i Communications should be addressed to H alstej
 t Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., pos
 paid.
 i References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, an
 I Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALLON, Hair Cutting tiaioo
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS jost recived. General reductio
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles ol Prims of medium quality, usual with!
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins., Also Cole re
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellai
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly u
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities an
 styles.
 Fine and hoavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pilloi
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin-
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatlv figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 k lannels 4-4 good and price lew. Canton flannelt
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchief*
 Co Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Line
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,an
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kenned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Ihe whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attentioi
 of country merchants as well as his friends and th
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Manager* of die Fro
 rroduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-st
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth* lOti
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of clos
 i reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixt;
 illustrative engravings. Price 37 i cts. in muslin
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal o
 Women from various authors, 12| cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touchiiq
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A 8
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M
 Park hurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publicatioi
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hand son
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and used
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the offic*
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, Norti
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
 “Efery Mai his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Fsunuy
 Manual, giving the onuses, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while u
 health, and rules for preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. Tlie
 whole written for general use and daily (practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. It.”
 to Herbs, giving tbeir names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions vary useful for every fem
 ily to know, and written expressly for fondly use.**
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 sesired information wan tod for generall use
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cento, or sold separate
 it 124
 Ti»e symptom* of each disease are carefully given
 i is.i tt(L.-FST 5 a
The book has been written with great care. In a
 plain, simple, common-sense style MsiJy to be un
 derstood by every persoa, and practical phyai
 cien ami a thorough bo taunt. We ana recommend
 it with satire conftdeace, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 publislied at the price.
 Families in the coon try, and especially those lie.
 inf in new countries ana unhealthy climates, shook)
 not fail to procure a copy and hare it at all liams at
 band, in rase of sickness as they might thereby by
 nine simple remedy save an elpsnsi v s and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every bouse as a safe and sure adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which tie Iwok is sold is so low that
 every family may haw* a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 1 he book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aarl of the United States.
 09- Any person sending us sue HoUar by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him frtt of portage.
 Send in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and the books
 always reach th*tr destination.
 (X&gt;- Pour families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four bonks sent to one adores*.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from #2O
 to #5O will be necessary for each agent. Addiess,
 ™tp*d, u GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 6 Exchange -st, Rochester, N. Y.
y m
 G, W, MERCHANT'S
 EI.FHitA T *K li
 OAKGUNG OIL.
 FOK HOKsKS A HHIW ||r&gt;H.
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THI HOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY hes not its equal
 on the list of popo-.u medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE Hi MAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family F"&gt;brocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in w hich oth
 er pretended remedies have completely foiled*
 RHEUMATISM PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 feet ions, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Stir ns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Jtc.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and otlier
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wonnds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft, tfc.
 Numerous are die unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil
 of cures which in themselves-appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The c«U| rated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Gargling Oil ia
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, w ith marked success, and would com*
 nw-nu it to physicians generally for external use ia
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 •means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where die febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general fever in ail the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it pievents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines w hich have been offered
 none have been w well adapted to the prompt cure
 .of Diseases to which Horses are Liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the ollowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use ef Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that foi all the
 diseases that horses are liable u&gt;, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 boises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will bt
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the, use qf this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers'generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitrin.L. B
 Swan, Winslow It You no, H. D. Wad*
 Rochester.
 H fo E Gaylord, Henderson It Pander son, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding It Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, Q.; McClure It Co, Albany i
 Hollister It Co, Buffalo; Greenman It Smith, Uti
 cm; P D Orris It Co, Troy, NY. July 13-—6 in
 Briiish Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North Bntieh Renew, the Weetmmeter Rev tew,
 and Blackwood'e Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these spledftd periodic
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praiey.
 As literary organs, they stand for in advance ot
 anything of the sort now published, while tIA polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found ia works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the threF great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review RsdkoL The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, tor.
 Hanna, associated with 8»r David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is pnWiseed in England under the title of Tbe For
 eign Quarterly ana Westminster—it being in foct a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a IkmuuAil clear tyP«. on w f Mtt J*P* r and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an eznct/ac-eimUe of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if WMCRIIHD FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the lour Reviews, 93 00 per annum.
 For any two do 600 M
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00 f*
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in allcases in advance
 CLUBEING.
 Four copies Of any or alt the above works wiD
 tent to one address on payment of the regelar sea
 script on for three the fourth copy befog gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’, Magazine secures to ee early shmta o t
 hat work, by whieb we shall be able to idato the
 entire number in tbe hands of subscribers before sap
 portion of it can be reprinted ia any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages asmsd to
 our subscribers wo pay so large a considers t:r.£, that
 e b *jls 6 •t** 0 6 to
 uae. Therefore we repeat subscribe early *Mto
 tbe price is bw.
 i‘ cihtJffLdiSmP* t
