hate been lost to her. if to this be
 that many of the duties were imposed, not for
 retenne, but for protection—that is, intended
 to put money, not in the treasury, but direct
 ly into the pocket of the manufacture —some
 conception may be formed of the immenes am
 mount which, in the long course of sixty
 years,.has been transferred from South to
 North. There are no data bylwhich it can be
 estimated with any certainty; but it is safe to
 sayt at it amonnts to hundreds of millions of
 dollar. Under the most moderate estimate,
 it would be sufficient to add greatly ,lo the
 wealth ofihe North, and thus greatly increase
 her population, by attracting emigration from
 all quarters to that section.
 “This*.combined with the great and prim
 ary cause, amply explains why the North has
 acquired a preponderance over every depart
 ment of the Government, by ita disproportion
 ate increase of population and States.”
 I think it well for the Senator that
 he did not undertake to show thet, for
 he knowa that the duties fall upon and
 are paid by the consumers, be they
 where they may. A State, therefore,
 which hnaa population ten times great
 er than that of another State, and con
 aumes imports in that proportion, pays
 ten times more revenue. No matter
 where the imports go, those who con
 sume them pay the duties upon them.
 Go into the manufacturing towns and
 villages, where they consume a large
 amount of sugar and other dutiable
 articles, do they not pay the duty on
 their importation And is not the fact
 true always, that it is the consumer,
 wherever he may be, who pays the
 duty Sir; the fact is undeniable.
 The Senator undertakes to show
 that by far the greater portion of our
 revenue ’has been disbursed at the
 North, or more than ita due share.
 Now, Sir, that struck me as the most
 bold assertion in the whole speech. Is
 all history, sir, to be set at naught in
 this matter? The disbursements great
 er at the North than in the South!
 Why, air, in the State in which I live,
 aside from the expenses of collecting
 the revenue, not $50,000 of the public
 money has been spent in fifty years.
 No, sir, the expenditures of the Gov
 ernment are not made here; the offi
 cers of the Government do not come
 from the North, nor are the great con
 tracts made there. What is it that
 consumes ona-half, aye, three-fourths,
 of your revenue, but the army and the
 navy, and where is it expended Why,
 where your Indian wars occur youi
 Seminole and Creek wars —in the
 Southern, and not in the Northern por*
 tion of these States. Why, sir, the
 idea that an undue proportion of the
 money collected by the General Gov
 ernment has been disbursed in the
 Northern States, is, to say the least,
 one in as direct opposition to the truth
 of history as any statement which coulc
 possibly be made. A friend has col
 lected for me some statistics showing
 the expenditures of the Government
 one item of which I will refer to, which
 is well calculated to show the propor
 tion between the free and the slav&lt;
 States. By the returns of the Posi
 Office Department for the year 1847
 it appears that there was collected it
 the fifteen-free States, by way of post
 age, a sum exceeding the expenses o
 the Department in these States for tha
 year by $576,000, while there was t
 deficiency to the same araouut in the
 ■lave States. Thus there was a direc
 tax collected in small sums from the
 North, to the amount of over $500,-
 000 in one year, for that single Depart
 ment of Government; and 1 apprehent
 that if the other Departments were ex
 amined, it would be found that the Pos
 Office was in fact the one under whicl
 the North suffered least. Why, in oui
 little State of New Hampshire, then
 is a direct tax for postage to the amoum
 of over $15,000. The revenue col
 lected there for postage in that yeai
 was $40,680, and the expenditure;
 $25,500, leaving us with a direct tai
 of $15,180 for that year! And, sir, ii
 cannot be said that these letters were
 received from commercial correspon
 dents, because we have no great com
 mercial emporium in the State. No,
 •ir, this tax is collected from those
 manufacturing operatives of whom
 mention is sometimes made here. It is
 a tax on the affections of the human
 heart, on filial love and reverence, on
 correspondence with parents, children,
 and friends, and it is collected from the
 hard-working men and women of the
 North, for the support of this Govern
 ment. Yet we do not complain of it;
 but in the face of all this it is rather
 hard to be told that our prosperity is
 all owing to the undue amount of Gov
 ernment expenditures made in the
 Northern States. Why, sir, it would
 be a curiosity in the part *&gt;f the coun
 try in which 1 live to hear of the ex
 penditure amongthem of a dollar of the
 money of the General Government,
 over and above just what is necessary
 to collect the revenue to be spent else
 where. So much for this subject.
 Again, says the Senator from South
 Carolina:
 “If to this be added, that many of
 the duties imposed, not for revenue,
 but for protection—that is, intended to
 put money, not in the treasury, but di
 rectly into the pocket of the manufac
 turer —some conception may be formed
 of the immense amount which, in the
 long course of sixty years, bus been
 lruuf«rr«4 from to North. There
 are no data by which it can be esti
 mated with any certainty, but it is sale
 to say that it amounts to hundreds of
 millions of dollars. Under the most
 moderate estimate, it would be suffi
 cient to add greatly to the wealth of
 the North, and thus greatly increase
 her population by attracting emigration
 from all quarters to that section.
 Now, sir, let us examine this point.
 It is the tariff, then, that has done in
 jury to the South, and produced dis
 content there. Now, 1 have been at
 some little pains to examine the history
 of the various tariffs, and our revenue
 policy, and I find that the first tariff
 act was passed on the 4th of July,
 1780, and the preamble to it is in the
 following words:
 “Whereas it is necessary, for the
 support of Government, for the dis
 charge of the debts of the United States,
 and for the encouragement and pro
 tection of manufactures, that duties be
 laid on goods, wares, and merchandise,
 imported."
 The yeas and nays were not taken
 on the bill m either House. The next
 year the duties were largely increased,
 and I think in some instances that they
 were doubled, and the bill for that put-
pose passed the House of Represen
 tatives, yeas 40, nays 15; and as a
 curiosity 1 will read the votes of the
 States an that measure:
 Yeas. Ways. Yeas. Nays
 N.Hampsh. 2 1 Delaware 1 0
 Massach. 0 8 Maryland 3 2
 Connecticut 3 2 Virginia 7 0
 New York 4 1 N. Carolina 5 0
 New Jersey 20 S. Carolina 3 1
 Pennsylvania? 0 Georgia 3 0
 40 15
 The tariff remained substantially as
 it was established by the act of 1790
 with the exception of the acts passed
 during the war, which were considered
 as war measures—until 1816. 1 have
 not got the precise date when that act
 was approved, but I think it was in
 April, 1816. Then the war was over,
 and it became necessary to abandon
 the war acts passed during its prose
 cution, and to Bettle down on some
 thing like a permanent policy, and a
 tariff act was passed. It passed the
 House of Representatives, yeas 88,
 nays 24; and as the yeas and nays up
 on it are somewhat interesting, I will
 rea'd them by States:
 Yeas. Nays. Yeas. Nays.
 N.Hampsh. 1 3 Maryland 2 8
 Massachus. 7 4 Virginia 7 13
 R. Island 1 0 N.CarolinaO 11
 Connecticut 2 S.Carolina 4 1
 Vermont 6 1 Georgia 8 1
 New York 20 2 Kentucky 6 3
 N. Jersey 5 0 Tennessee 3 3
 Pennsylv. 17 3 Ohio 4 6
 Delaware did not Louisiana 0 1
 vote.
 88 54
 And among the yeas on the passage
 of that bill stands recorded the name
 of John C. Calhoun, one of the Re
 presentatives from South Carolina.
 That was in 1816. The tariff policy -of
 the country continued without material
 alteration until 1824, when another
 bill on the subject passed the House,
 yeas 107, nays 102. South Carolina
 then changed front on the question.
 But I wish to call the attention of the
 Senate to the vote of New England on
 the subject, because she has been con
 sidered the greatest sinner in regard
 to it. Her vote on the tariff was yeas
 15, nays 23, as follows:
 Yeas. Nays. Yeas. Nays.
 Maine 4 6 Connecticut 5 1
 N.Hampsh. 1 6 R. Island 2 0
 Massachus. 1 1.1 Vermont 5 0
 15 23
 And such had been the uniform pol
 icy of that portion of the country. But
 the history of the tariff acts that have
 been passed, show that the Northern
 States have generally objected to them,
 and that too, against the power and
 the eloquence of the Senator trom
 South Carolina, in 1816, in the House.
 And when this policy was for6ed on
 New England, and forced on her too
 by Southern votes, against her own
 wishes, then, sir, the genius, the en
 terprise, and the industry of her people
 began to accommodate themselves to
 the state of things, and because she
 flourished under it, it is made a charge
 against her, and forms the next point
 in the indictment against the North tor
 disturbing the equilibrium between the
 sections.
 Another evil of which the Senator
 complains, is as follows, to usa his own
 I language:
 But wbile these measures were
 destroying the equilibrium between the
 two sections, the action of the govern
 ment was leading to a radical change
 in its character, by concentrating all
 the power of the system in itself. The
 occasion will not permit me to trace
 the measures by which this great
 i change has been consummated. If it
 did, it would not be difficult to show
 that the process commenced at an
 early period of the government; that
 it proceeded, almost without interrup
 tion, step by step, until it absorbed
 virtually its entire powers; but without
 going through the whole process to
 establish the fact, it may be done satis
 factorily by a very short statement.
 That the Government claims, and
 practically maintains the right to de
 cide in the last resort, as to the extent
 of its powers, will scarcely be denied
 by any one conversant with the political
 history of the country. That it also
 claims the right to resort to force to
 maintain whatever power she claims
 against all opposition, is equally cer
 tain.”
 His charge is, that this government
 has changed gradually from a federal
 republic to a consolidated democracy.
 Who has done it? From the very
 adoption of the Constitution down to
 the present time, what counsels have
 prevailed? Northern or Southern?
 Who have been the Presidents of the
 United States? Northern men or
 Southern men? Again, w th reference
 to the action of the Supreme Court,
 who have been on the bench of that
 Court? History wilt show that there
 there has been no ume when you would trust
 Northern men there, so as to constitute a ma
 jority. Though a man may have crept to the
 foot of power in the most abject manner, the
 North qpuld never be trusted bo far as to have
 her citizens constitute a majority on the bench
 of (hat court. There has been a majority pi
 Southern men on that bench; and I say, air,
 that the South has always controlled the pol
 icy of this government. 1 think the honora
 ble Senator from Kentucky was magnanimous
 enough the other day, in his speech, to ac
 knowledge thia. Not only the legislative but
 the judicial power has always been in the
 hands of the South. If the question was
 asked to-day, of the most ordinary or the
 most astute observer of passing events, who
 it is of all men that has hfb the moat to do to
 control and shape the policy of thia Govern
 ment, and make it what it is, the answer
 would be that it is the honorable Senator
 from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] who
 makes this charge. Did he not tell us, with
 the modesty which always belongs to him,
 with the honesty and truth which character
 ize him, that hs more than any other man ef
 fected the acquisition oi Texas to this coun
 ryT He was then a private citizen. If he
 could, in perfect consistency with historical
 truth, say that he more than any one else ef
 fected that great act, by which that country
 was annexed and made a part and parcel of
 our own, wbat must have been hia influence
 while be occupied a seat in the ether House
 in the pride ot his power, or when for eight
 years he was at the head of the Department
 of War, and for six years filled the chair
 which yoturow occupy, if he could thus con
 trol public policy in hit reiirment? No, sir,
 great and commanding aa baa been the influ
 ence of other gentlemen in the councils of
 this nation, if there be any one man who has
 stamped upon its character and features the
 imprest orbit thought* and purposes, that
man-it the honorable Senator from South
 Carolina, who addressed the Senate the other
 day on this subject. But now he ooraea in
 and files a bill of indictment against the North
 for doing that which all along they have re
 sisted and remonstrated against.
 The next part of the speech to which’ I
 wish to direct attention is the assertion that,
 “Nevertheless, as small and contemptible
 as the party then was, both of the great par
 ties of the North dreaded them. They felt
 that, though small, they were organised in
 reference to a subject which had a great and
 commanding influence over the Northern
 mind. Each party, on that account feared to
 oppose their petitions, lest the opposite party
 should take advantage of the one who might
 do so, by fsvormg tueir petitions. The ef
 fect was that both united by insisting that the
 petitions should be received, and that Con
 gress should take jurisdiction of the subject
 for which they prayed.”
 And speaking on the subject in another
 part of the speech, on the Bth page, he
 says:
 “And Congress is invoked to do all this
 expressly with the view to the fins! abolition
 of slavery in the States. Thst has been
 avowed to be the ultimate object from the
 beginning of the agitation until the present
 time; and yet the great body of both parties
 of the Nsrth, with the full knowledge of the
 fact, although disavowing the abolitionists,
 have co-operated with them in almost all their
 measures.”
 If 1 understand this, air, it is a distinct
 avowal that the abolition movement has been
 received with public favor from the com
 mencement, by both parties, in both Houses
 of Congress, from the North, and at home.
 1 t undertake to say that a declaration more at
 war with the truth of history could not pos
 sibly be affirmed in language. The Aboli
 tionists, instead of being received with public
 favor at the North, by either party, have
 been denounced in every possible form in
 which language could denounce them. The
 meetings which they have holden in public
 places have been broken in upon by lawless
 mobs. They have been driven from the
 place where they had assembled for the ex
 ercise of a constitutional right, and to such an
 extent had this spirit progressed, that the
 buildings in which they had assembled, and
 had been peaceably exercising the rights of
 citizens, under the Constitution, have been,
 in at lepst one instance, burnt to the ground
 by a mob. I don’t refer to these matters
 for the purpose of re-opening any wounda
 that may have been healed-up by the soothing
 influence of time, but I do contend that, if
 the Senate ineana to do justice, and the
 country means to do justice, it is necessary
 and right that the truth upon this subject
 should be made known.
 Sir, there never has been a aect that has
 arisen since the Christian era, that has been
 met at every turn, on every hand, on everv
 I side, and by all parlies, with more bitter, vi
 olent, unrelenting persecution, than these
 same Abolitionists have been. Instead of
 growing up by the public favor of the North,
 I they have grown np in spite of the most de
 termined opposition. They have lived upon
 persecution; persecution and denunciation
 have been everything which they have had.
 1 And, sir, to show that upon this matter i
 do not speak without book, I will refer in the
 first place, to the proceedings of Congress
 on this subject. I will show how far it is
 i true, in refelf nee to the House of Represen
 tatives, that both partiea fiom the North have
 united in receiving their petitions and taking
 jurisdiction of the subject. The year 1835
 is the lime which is assigned as the com
 -1 mencement of this agitation; the time at
 which both parties at the North united in
 giving them public favor; the time at which
 both parties in Congress should sake juriadic
 tion of the subject, and that the petitions of
 the Abolitionists should be received. It will
 be found, sir, thst in the House of Represen
 t laltves. on the Bth day of February, 1836
 Mr. Pinkney introduced the following resolu
 tion:
 “Resolved, That all the memorials which
 r have been offered, or may hereafter be pie
 santed to this House, praying for the abolition
 of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
 also the resolutions offered by an honorable
 i member from Maine, (Mr. Jarvis.) with the
 amendment thereto proposed by an honorable
 .(member from Virginia, (Mr. Wise,) together
 with every other paper or proposition that
 j may be submitted in relation to the subject
 be referred to s select committee, with in-
 J structions to report:
 “That Congress possesses no constitution-
 I al authority to interfere in any way with the
 t insitution of ajavery in any of the States of
 r thft Confederacy; and
 “Tint, in the opinion of this House, Con
 gress ought not to interfere o any way wiih
 slavery in the District of Columbia, because
 it would be a violation of the public faith, un-
 I wise, impolitic, and dangerous to the Union
 t —assigning such reasons for these concln
 i sions as, in the judgement of the committee,
 may be best calculated to enlighten the pub.
 lie mind, to allay excitement, to repress agita-
 I tion, to secure and maintain the just rights oi
 the slaveholding States and of the people ot
 this District, and to restore harmony and
 tranquility amongst the various tedious o!
 this Union.”
 That resolution passed the House*by a
 vote of yeas 167, nays only 6. That com
 miltee reported, and they reported three res
 olutions:
 1 1. “Resolved, That Congress possesses
 no constitutional authority to interfere, in any
 way, with the institution of slavery in any o!
 the States of this Confederacy.
 2. “Resolved, Thst Congress ought not
 to interfere, in any way, with slavery in the
 District of Columbia.
 “And whereas it is extremely important
 and desirable that the agitation of this sub
 ject should be finally arrested, for the pur
 pose of restoring tranquility to the public
 mind, your committee respectfully recom
 mend iht adoption of the following resolution
 viz:
 3. “Resolved, that all petitions, memori
 als, resolutions, proposilioaa, or papers, rela
 ting in any way or to any extent whatever to
 the subject of slavery, or the abolition of sla
 very shall, without being either printed or
 referred, be laid upon the table, and that no
 further action whatever shall be had there
 on.”
 1. Passed: Yeas 182, nays 9.
 3. Passed: Yeas 132, nays 45.
 3. Passed: Yeas 117, nays 68,
 3d session, Milt Congress, page 837.
 January 18, 1837.
 Resol veil, That all petitions, memorials,
 resolutions, propositions, or papers, relating
 in any way, or to any extent whatever, to
 the subject of slavery, or to the abolition ol
 slavery, shall, without being printed or refer
 ted, be laid upon the table, and that no fur
 ther action shall be had thereon.”
 Passed: Yeas 129, nays 69.
 Mr. Patton’s Journal H. R., 2d session,
 25th Cong., p 137.
 Dxcembcr 31, 1837.
 “Resolved, That all petitions, memorials,
 and papers, touching the abolition of slavery
 or the buying, selling, or transferring ol
 slaves, in any State, District, or Territory ol
 the United States, be laid upon the table,
 without being debated, printed, read, or re
 ferred, and that no further action shall be had
 thereon.”
 Passed: Yeas 123, nays 74.
 3d session, 35th Congress 51.
 Dkckmbki 11, 1838.
 1. “Resolved, That thisGovernmeut is a
 Government.of limited powers; and that, by
 the Constitution of the United States, Con
 gress, has no jurisdiction whatever over
 the institution of slavery in the several States
 of the Confederacy.
 2. “Resolved, That petitions lor the aboli
 tion of slavery in tne District of Columbia
 and the Territories of the United States, and
 against the removal of slaves Ron one State
 to another, are a part of the plan of opera
 tions set on foot to affect the institution rtf
 slavery in the several States, awl thus indi*
racily to destroy that institution within tbeir
 limits.
 3. Resolved, That Congress has no right
 1 to do that indirectly which it cannot do di
 rectly; and that the agitation of the subject
 of slavery in the district of Columbia or the
 Teriitoiies, as a mesas and with a view of
 disturbing or overthrowing that institution
 in tbs several States, is against the true
 spirit and meaning of the Constitution, an in
 fringement of the right of the Statea affected
 and a breach of the public faith on which
 they entered into this Confederacy.
 4. “Resolved, Thai the Constitution rests
 upon the broad principle of equality among
 the members of this Confederacy; and that
 Congress, in the exercise of its acknowl
 edged powers, has ae right to discriminate be
 tween the institutions of ooe portion of the
 States and another, with a view of abolish
 ing the one and promoting the other.
 “Resolved, therefore, that all attempts
 on the part of Congress, to abolish slavery in
 the District of Columbia or the Territories,
 or to prohibit the removal of slaves from
 State to State, or to discriminate between the
 institutions of one portion of the country and
 another, with the views aforesaid, are in vio
 lation of the Constitution, destructive of the
 fundamental principles on which the Union
 of these stales reals, and beyond the jurisdic
 tion of Congress; and that every petition,
 memorial, resolution, proposition, or paper,
 touching or relating in any way or to any ex
 tent whatever to slavery, as aforesaid, or the
 abolition thereof, ahall, on the presentation
 theieof, without any farther action fnereon,
 be laid on the table, without being debated,
 printed or referred/^K
 1„ Passed: nays 6.
 8. Passed: Yesa 139, nays 65.
 Ist member of 3d resolution passed: Yeas
 170, naya 30,
 2d member of 3d resolution passed: Yeas
 164, naya 38,
 Ist member of 4th resolution passed: Yeas
 182. nays 29,
 2d member of 4th resolution passed: Yeas
 174, nays 26,
 Ist member of sth resolution passed: Yea*
 149, nays 52,
 2d member of sth resolution passed: Y;as
 128, nays 78,
 Journal H. R., Ist session, 26th Cong,,
 page 224.
 January 28, 1840.
 “No petition, memorial, resolution, or
 other paper, praying the abolition of slavery
 in the District of Columbia, cr any State or
 Territory, or the slavs trade between the
 States or Territories of the United States in
 which it now exists, shall be received by this
 House, or entertained in any way whatever.”
 Rule adopted: Yeai 114, nays 108.
 That is the action of ike House; the action
 of the Senate has been, if possible, more de
 cided, because they refused
 to receive petitions addrefV to them upon
 this subject to this day.
 [TO BE CONTINUED-]
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 9, 1850.
The North Star is sometimes sent to friend*
 who do not take tlie paper, in the hope tliat tliey
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations jor the same may lie safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 QC^"Wanted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations lor
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
NEW ENGLiNO
 AMI-SLAVtKVCOWE.VTIOX.
 The New England Anti-Slavery Conven
 tion will hold its annual mooting in Boston, on
 Tuesday, May 28th, commencing at 10
 o'clock, A. M., and continuing in session,
 day and evening, (as usual.) for three days.
 Hitherto, unequalled among all the anniver
 sary meetings, whatever their object or wher
 ever held in this country, (in regard to the
 interest awakened by it, and the absorbing
 nature of its proceedings, there is every rea
 son to believe its reputation will be heighten
 ed anJ the attendance npon it augmented at
 its approaching anniversary. Of the many
 crises that have arisen since the anti-slavery
 agitation was commenced, the present is obi
 viously the most s'irring and momentous, and
 therefore an unprecedented mustering of the
 friends of Freedom and Emancipation should
 be witnessed on that occasion.
 In behalf tif the Board of Managers of the
 Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society,
 FRANCIS JACKSON, President.
 Edmund Quincy, Secretary,
 Change or Day of Publication.—Our
 paper is, this week, as we intend that it shall
 always be in future, published on Thursday.
 Much inconvenicncejha* been experienced,and
 wo have been subject to much complaint, in
 consequence of the non-apjiearauce of the
 Star until the middle of the week following
 publication, by our parcels being delayed in
 the Post Office over Sunday. To remove this
 difficulty, the present change is made and if
 the Post Office authorities are not more than
 usually negligent, all our subscribers, with the
 exception of a lew ot the most distant, will
 receive their papers, at iateat, on. Saturday
 of each week. Tina change, we trust, will
 be acceptable.to our readers, and also save us
 from the infliction of some annoying corres
 pondence.—.!. D.
 Hon. Wm. 11. Sewakd will please accept
 our thanks fur a copy of hit Speech on the
 Admission of California. We are glad to
 see this speech in pamphlet form, and| hope
 uieasares will be taken by ike friend* of Free
 Soil and Free Men to give 4 it a very extensive
 circulation. The Speech is published and
 for sale by Buel Blanchard, Sixth at.,
 Washington, D. C.—j. d.
 9
 A largs portion of our space is'occupied
 this week, by the very able and instructive
 speech of Hon. John P. Hale, on slavery
 extension The portion given in the present
 number, is, as w&lt;li be seen, chiefly a reply
 to the speech of the late John C. Calhoun.
 Mr. Hale is particularly happy in his expos
 ure of the shallow sophism advanced by the
 late Senator, that the South beiug the chief
 exporter, pays a larger proportion of taxes
 than the North, support of the gen
 eral government. But we seed not particul
 arise. The entire speech is well worthy of
 s careful perusal. The remainder of the
 speech will be given next week.—!, n.
 0
 Invasion or Cuba. The editor of the
 New Orleans Bulletin, says all the doubts he
 oace entertained concerning the rumored in
 vasion of Cuba, are now dispelled. Very
 recently, he has, from authentic sources be
 soms possessed of information which convin
 ces him that an effort is making to catty the
 plan into operation and that the rash ittempt
 will be made,
Doiftft CMfltM.
 Nothing of very serious importance baa
 transpired in Congreao daring the past week
 —&gt;not even a pistol or a lie in the threat
 aeene, to vary ita dull monotony. The ah*
 aenoe of the Committee deputed to attend
 the remains of the late Mi\ Calhoun, seems
 to have given the Senate, a short breathing
 apace. One day, at least, was taken up with
 discussion on a resolution presented by Mr.
 Douglass, for a grant of land whereon to
 construct an Illinois Central Mr.
 Gunnell's proposal to send out two sfcipa in
 search of Sir John Franklin, baa been ac
 cepted. The Senate Committee on Postage
 have introduced a very excellent and unex
 pectedly liberal meaaure, by which it ia pio
 posed materially to reduce the rates of letter
 carriage. Among ila provisions are the fol
 lowing
 1. Two cent* per each half ounce pre-paid,
 and five cents if not.
 2. Drop Iteiets one cent pre-ptid, and two
 cents if not.
 3. Postmasters appointed by the President
 are required to establish places of deposit
 for the reception of Isttsra, and to employ
 carriers to convey them to the post-office free
 of any charge.
 4. Letter carriers to receive only one cent
 for the delivery of letters.
 5. The charge on advertised letters to h«
 only one one cent beside the regular posl

 0. Postage on newspapers and other prin
 ted matter the same as now charged, except
 that circulars (and handbills are to be obsrgsd
 letter postage.
 7. Bound books may be sent by mail, to be
 charged one cent per ounce.
 8. The franking privilege to be totally
 abolished, except to the persons who enjoy it
 as a token of respect and honor.
 9. Postage on Congressional documents,
 speeches, &amp;c., mailed during the session of
 Congress, to be paid out of the contingent
 funds of the respective Houses.
 10. All communications to and trom the
 Departments of the General Government,
 properly chargeable to the public service, to
 he marked as such, and the postage to be paid
 like other contingent expresses of the Gov
 ernment.
 The attention of the House hat been occu
 pied with the Public Printing, thu Sir John
 Franklin Expedition, the Census Bill, the
 Free Navigation of the River St. Lawrence,
 and—that is all.
Mr. Rcmomo’s Lecture, —On Friday even
 ing of laat week, Mr. C. L. Rkmond deliver
 ed an addresa to hia colored brethren, in Ford
 Street Baptist church. Hia audience was
 not large. Pity it was not so. The lecturer
 was eloquent and impressive, and evidently
 arrested the attention of his hearers. He
 took rather a dark view of the prospects of
 the colored people in this country—referred
 to the fugitive slave bill now before Congress
 —the anticipated action of the Compromise
 Committee—the probable annexation of Cuba
 and of Canada, and the consequent accession
 to the power of the South and greater inse
 esrily of fugitives—the revival of the Colon
 nation scheme, under a new and dangerous
 phase. He then brought the matter home to
 his hearers—urged them to bestir themselves
 in this dark crisis—spoke of the inactivity
 and indifference of the colored people gener
 ally—showed that they did much to strength
 en snd perpetuate their own degiadation. In
 proof of this opinion, he instanced the fact,
 that of the Ledger in Philadelphia, aud the
 Herald and Sun in New York, three of the
 ■tost scurrilous snd pru-slartry prints in the
 land, thousands were taken and paid for by
 the colored people of those cities while the
 number of readers of anti-slavery papers may
 be counted by fifties.
 A very mournful picture! Aye, verily,
 what hope is there of the elevation of a peo
 ple who thus succumb to their oppressors,
 and administer to their own enslavement?
 None! none! “They who would be free,
 themselves must strike the blow This is
 the perfect work of tyranny. It begins by
 refusing men their rights, and ends by de
 priving them of the power of appreciating
 the value of what they have lost. However
 ■tuoh we may be alarmed at the exertions of
 slaveholders for the continuance and exten
 sion of their authority, and the lamentable
 subserviency to the slave power of some who
 heretofore have been loud in braggadocio
 and declamation respecting their love of lib
 erty,—we regard this apathy on the part of
 the victims oi oppression as the most gloomy
 feature of the caw; since, aa the surgeon
 knowa, the most certain symptom of mortifi
 cation having taken place, is the cessation of
 pain on the part of the patient. The colored
 people of this land must arouse themselves
 from their lethargy—prove themselves men—
 be up snd doing in their own cause—become
 intelligent and useful, —or, there is reason to
 fear, that in spite of all that anti-slavery so
 'ietiea and anti-slavery newspapers can do or
 tay in their behall, they will be doomed to
 perpetual serfdom, barberdom and boot-black
 ng. White men oannot afford to be ignorant
 ind Poaferish. The prevailing prejudice
 igainst color in this country, makes it dou
 ily ruinous for oolored men to indulge either
 n apathy, ignorance or vice.—j. j».
The pious and prophetic editor of the New
 York Herald professes to be mightily alarmed
 for the safety of the Union, and in order to
 preserve it, in the paper of last week pours
 forth a torrent of patriotic cackle on the sub
 ject, describing what he conceives to be the
 causes of the danger, and the best means to
 be used for their removal. One of the arti
 cles in the Herald purports to be an account
 of the different Societies whose Anniversaries
 were to be held in New York during the
 present week, but is in reality a diabolical
 tirade against abolitionists generally,* and in
 particular against what it calls the amal
 gamation meeting.”| If the faithful men who
 perform their duty to their country, by de
 nouncing this Union, and exposing the hol
 lowness and hypocrisy of the American peo
 ple, in their professions of a high regard for
 liberty, while holding three millions of their
 fellow-men in chains, —if these devoted few
 are allowed to return to their homes unin
 jured, it will not be because this vile papei
 did not do all m its power to rouse the worst
 passions of the multitude against them. We
 should like to know what is the use of a
 government, if not to take charge of each
 ruffianly instigators to breaches of the peace.
 Yet colored men are largely implicated in the
 criminality of sustaining that and kindred
 paper*! Aa well may they rear an anacon
 da in their dwellings, and encourage their
 children to approach and esraos it. More
 rational would it be that they should fan the
 flame which threatens to consume their
and their property. A portion of
 article* retorted to, will be foand in another
 colnnm. Our reader* will beer in mind, that
 the paper from which tbeee extract* ere
 taken, i* eoe of the moat widely circulated in
 the United State*. Such a aaper ia a die
 grace to the eif tliaed world-—* double aod
 treble diagrace to the modal lead of re
 form and progreaa, by whieh it ia auatained
 in ka iufamoua career of profligate diabolism.
 Let ao man—especially no colored man, of
 oommoo respectability or morality, as he love*
 the right, ditesta tyranny, and values hi*
 liberty end bie man Mod, ever again touch
 this unclean thing,”—much lew eubeeribe
 for aod sustain it.— j. d.
The Rights or Woman.—We find, in
 the New York Tribun* of a recent date,
 a very copious report of the proceedings at a
 gteat Women’s Convention, held in Salem,
 Columbiana eo., Ohio. The report says, that
 the Convention excited’intense interest in
 the village and its vieinity. Little else was
 talked about o* thought of, while it waa in
 aession.” Letters were lead from Mrs. Lu
 cretia Mott, Mis. E. C. Stanton, Miss Sarah
 Pugh, Mrs. Swisshelm, Miss Lucy ..Stone,
 and other well known female defenders of
 the rights of woman. Men attended the
 Convention in large numbers as spectators,
 bat took no part in the pwwtoiingr. A
 series of 22 well-drawn resolutions exposi
 tive of the views of the Convention, was
 adopted; also a M imorial to the Constitu
 tional Convention of Ohio, in which a request
 is presented, that in the new Constitution
 about to be formed for that Slate, women
 shall be secured not only the rights of suf
 frage, but all the political and legal rights
 guaranteed to men.”
 As far as we are personally concerned, we
 do not set a very high value upon political
 lights, for their exercise merely. So long
 as the political arena continues such a muddy
 quagmire «s we now find it, we do not sup
 pose thst a very large proportion of the
 gentler sex would exercise their political
 rights, were they in full and free possession
 of them. Still, in onr opinion, it is a manifest
 injustice and absurdity that one half the
 people of these United States should be ex
 cluded from political privileges, simply be
 cause they are women. He who can arrive
 at the irrational conclusion that this it right,
 ought to be prepared to adopt the Turkish
 custom of excluding woman from the social
 circle, and to huddle her away, under
 thick veils, .within the four walls of a
 Harem. The arguments for both customs
 are very nearly alike, and equally fallacious.
 The proceedings of the Convention are said
 to have been conducted with much dignity.
 We du not doubt it. Of this, at all events,
 we are very sure, that a certain honorable”
 assemblage we wot of, which occasionally
 indulges in a little pistol exercise, and other
 gentlemanly accomplishments, might take an
 example from this Woman’s Convention.
 Among the resolutions adopted was ooe to
 the effect that we, the women of Ohio,
 will hereafter meet annually in convention, to
 consider and adopt measures for the removal
 of the various disabilities, political, social
 and religious, to which women as a class are
 subject.” If they peisevere in this spirit,
 they must ultimately gain their object.— j. d.
Um Bf-rornrous Notsae.-These Strang
 manifestations, whieh we had treated wouli
 long ere this have been exposed and explod
 ed, seem, (if we may credit what we find ii
 print,) to be spreading in all directions, am
 becoming more and more singular and difficul
 of explanation. We find, in the Newbavei
 Journal and Courier a long and very fabul
 oua-looking story, respecting the doings o
 the spirits,” in the house of the Rer. Dr
 Phelps, of Stratford, Conn. We should ai
 once set the matter down as a hoax, were il
 not for the well-attested respectability of that
 gentleman. As it is, we are sufficiently fat
 from giving credence to the story. Those
 unseen agents, by whom the Dr. is haunted,
 be they matter ei spirit, are clearly a great
 annoyance, and it is not at all wonderful that
 he should be anxious to discover who or what
 they are. They unlock and unbolt doors
 hide hats, boots, gloves, &amp;c.; rnd perform
 other mischievous Harlequin tricks, sufficient
 to throw into the shade the reputation of a
 Chinese juggler. Eastern papers are just
 now full of this subject. The Tribune has
 a notice of it; the Sun devotes three long
 columns to it; sod we must confess, with all
 our hatred of imposture and unwillingness to
 believe theae abourdities to be the work of
 disembodied spirits, that it is much easier to
 laugh at, deride and villify, than to explain
 and account for them.— J. d.
Thk Galphin Claim.—lii the year 1773
 a large track of land in the then colony of
 Georgia, waa ceded by the Indiana, the pro
 ceeds of which were to be devoted to the
 payment of their debts to Indian traders,
 among whom was Mr. Galphin. The heirs of
 this person, or speculators, who bought
 their claims, made frequent application to the
 Legislature of Georgia for payment; but that
 body repudiated the claim altogether.—Fail
 ing to get the Senate to acknowledge the
 claim an effort was made to pass through the
 Legislature of Georgia of resolution to the ef
 fect that the Senators and Representatives ot
 Georgia in Congress be requested to urge
 upon the United States government the pay
 ment of the chum of George Galphin. The
 resolutions was rejected by a vote of 96 to
 153.
 Ten years ago, the Galphin claiments
 brought the matter before Coogiess, and, by
 constant and laborious effort, succeeded in
 getting their claim acknowledged. An se
 was passed referring it to the Secretary of the
 Treasury, during the term of Mr. Walker;
 and the claim waa by him allowed shortly
 betore the accession ofGea. Taylor. Subse
 quently, emboldened by succoss, the claim
 ante made a demand for interest. This elaim
 Mr. Whittlesey, the Auditor, refused; but the
 present Secretary of the Treasury under He
 advice of the Attorney General, directed that
 it should be allowed, audit was paid. The
 original claim was a littia under $50,000.
 The interest wan $192,000. It has never
 been the custom of the government to pay
 interest on cisims; and there seems no rea
 son why an exception should have been mad
 in favor of the Galphin claimants. With
 much more reason might the French claim
 mts previous to IBooj demand interest on
 iheir claims.
 This Galphin business is now before a
 Committee of Congress undergoing inveatiga-
Heroic. —Jenny Lind bee been offered
 £30,000 to aiog at the Imperial Concert* a.
 the Court of Austria. Her teply to the
 dexiting offer was Hungary!”
 The cholera hae appeared at Camdem, Ark
 and three death* occurred on the 91 nit.
E «w»M Affair,.
 Ditriog the oowee of the pa weak, two
 •teamen bsve arrived fnm England— tha
 Cambria and the Canada. The latter arrived
 at Halifax on Thursday last.
 England. The Rueeell Cobnut had suf
 fered aeverai defeats, and ere ibis have pro
 bably given is their resignation. Very few,
 we think, will be found to regret tueir die
 mieeal. They have proved manifest!* in
 competent for the position they oooepiod,
 «d have retained it these three years and
 epwarda simply because it wsa difficult to de
 cide upon their successors. Sir Robsrt
 vpoken of as the moot likely man to
 take the lead in the incoming administration.
 This conjecture is probably well-founded.
 It is certain, however, that the Minister who
 would govern England, be be Whig or Con
 servative, must adopt reformatory measures,
 and eschew for ever the old and worn-out
 system et consulting only the interests of the
 aristocracy, while the masses are doomed to
 groan and labbr undet perpetual misery and
 deprivation. The chief defeat sustained by
 the Ministry, was on a portion of the Chan
 cellor’s Budget, which proposed s reduction
 of the duty on stamps from one-half per cent
 to half a-crown on all engagements under
 One of the Stanley Conservative party
 moved an the dutj to
 is. which was carriiJ ftnidat loud applause.
 The excise duty on paper, stamps, Sic.,
 gave rise to an animated debate, in the corns
 of which the Chancellor said that he was rs
 luetant to continue those taxes, but the state
 of the finances would not permit their repeal.
 A Bill bawbeen introduced by Government
 prohibiting intramural interments.
 Another expedition, under Sit Jamep Ross,
 is fitting out for the Arctic regions, in search
 of Sir John Franklin. The expedition was
 expected to sail about the first of May.
 In Ireland, the principal topics of discus
 sion were the Lord Lieutenancy and the at
 tempts of O'Connell to tevive 'the repeal
 movement.
 Fxancc. The public mind appears to be
 engrossed with the approaching elections.
 Ihe social 4 fabric is in a complete state' of
 unrest in that country. One may most truly
 •ay respecting it, that “we know not what a
 day may bring forth.” That France can
 long remain in its present position, under
 such tyrannical and incompetent government,
 is altogether unlikely. Some change either
 to Imperialism or a differentlyj constructed
 Republican system, may ere long be anticipa
 ted. The Socialists are especially active at
 ihe present time. At their meetings some of
 them indulge in very irreligious and ruffian
 ly language. The Abbe Chatel is reportsd
 to have said that he “knew no God but tbe
 Sun, and him only because he is visible.”
 This fire-worshipper said also,that he thought
 ‘‘the Christian religion had made s great
 mistake, in aetting bounds to the gratification
 of the passions.” Heaven preserve France
 and every other country from Socialiam! Ths
 French funds are gradually receding in value.
 A sign this that the merchants, are expect
 ing some change. The President it is said,
 has resolved to resign if he is not well auppor
 ted by the Assembly. He can well be spared.
 Italy. At last it seems that Rome is
 about to be blessed with the presence of her
 long-expected Pope. A triumphal arch
 Which had been erected in honor af the re
 turn of His Holiness, at a town some 18
 miles from Rome, was one night burned
 down. What this runaway and now return
 ing Pope has done, that a triumphal arch
 should be eteeted to his honor, the newspa
 pers are not informed.
 Russia. It would seem that notwithstand
 ing all the jealousy and watchfulness of the
 Russian Government, democratic sentiments
 ara spreading rapidly throughout the Empire;
 and a ohange of some description, if not s
 violent revolution is not far distant. Some of
 the wealthy merchants of Peterburg and else
 where are sending their money to England
 for safe-keeping; while some of the leading
 man of Russia have taken refuge in foreign
 lands, under the pretext of infirm health. It
 is not possible to conceive that this country
 can much longer submit to the dictation of
 an Emperor—and he none of the best or
 wisest. The sit of Printing and the school
 master—those enemies of all tyrants and
 wrong doers, have gone thither also, and will
 ere long turn the Russian world upside down.
 The cause of humanity can lose nothing by
 chfcnge in Ruaaia, though it does not appear
 likely that any thing can be effected without
 bloodshed—certainly no vital and Constitu
 tional change, without a violent convulsion—
 perhaps a bloody civil war.
 Affairs in European countries generally,
 look gloomily unsettled—as if the slightest
 spark might set the whole once more in x
 blaze. Kings, they know not how or why,
 feel their seats insecure and tottering be
 neath them. The whole struoture of society,
 seems infirm disordered, and lending seme
 whither—though it is not possible to predi
 cate at present with what result. The old
 Latin proverb, if true respecting the days of
 Cesar, is doubly so re*peeling ours—“ Times
 change, and we change with them.”—J. 0.
The Cuban Expedition Again.—lt ia
 positively asserted that 350 men, pretending
 diet California was their destination, left the
 port on the Martha Washington of late, des
 tined for Cuba; and with full intention to join
 the recent expedition said to be organizing for
 an assault on the government of the Island.—
 Csi». Com.
 Within a day or two several men have left
 this city, and many have passed through here
 from above, who it is stated, have been en
 listed for the proposed expedition against Cu
 ba. We understand they have been enjaged
 for one year, and large pay baa been prouue
 thero. Nothing more than that their desti
 nation ia Chagres has been imputed to them
 so far as we can learn. —LouisviUd Cour
Terrible Tornaeo at Nassau, N. P.—
 The Nassau, (New Providence) Gazette of
 the 30th ult., contains aceount* of a destruct
 ive tornado at that place, which destroyed an
 immense amount of property, The rain pre
 viously fell in torrents, accompanied with e
 moat terrific thunde., which was almost inces
 sant towards the South. About mid-dav
 darkness reigned supreme, and st one o'clock
 the tornado came sweeping past, destroying
 over 100 buildings; and sad to relate, eight
 lives—three men, two women, and this*
 children. Had the tornado happened in the
 night, the loss ot life would have been aw
 ful. A meeting had been ealled to adopt
 measures for the relief of the sufferers.
 ■A table ia published stating number of
 persons killed on the Massachusetts railroads
 last year st sixty four, injured, oae
 rod two,

