FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
VOL. 111. NO. 21.
The NORTH STIR it published every
 Thursday, at No* 25, Buffalo Street,
 (Oppositethe Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 Subscription will be received for a lest term that
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 tual improvement ol the Colored People: and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to fhe True*
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrvm*»-
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, Stc., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douolsss, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Age.its, aud all others sending names, are
 re piested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 QGp» Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for ooe year.
 ycj- All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R.i-. WaHcut,2l,Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth x Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven;
 Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cuae Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury, &lt;d*&gt;eeu County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keeae, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.— Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pknnsvlvania. J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bus till, 149
 So. Sixth Street,Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Loweliville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Urlmna, hampaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. —-Hemy O, Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
SPEECH OF MR, HALE,ON TIIE
 TERRITORIAL QUESTION,
 Delivered in the Senate of the United States
 Tuesday March 19, 1850.
 [continued.]
 In January, 1839, the Senate, on mo
 tion oftha Senator from South Caroli
 na, [Mr. Calhoun,] passed acvorai
 ■tnngent resolutions against the move
 ments of the Abolitionists, one only of
 which I will read to the Senate, as a
 fair specimen of the whole:
 "Resolved, That this Government
 was instituted and adopted by the seve
 ral States of the Union as a common
 agent in order to carry into effect the
 powers which they delegated by the
 Constitution for their mutual security
 and prosperity; and that, in fulfilment
 of this high and »acred trust, this Gov
 ernment is bound so to exercise its
 power as to give, as far as may be
 practicable, increased stability and Be
 curity to the domestic inatit-fions of
 the States that compose tho Union, and
 that it is the solemn duty of the Gov
 ernment to resist all tempts by one
 portion of the u »t as an in
 strument to **“*ck the domestic insti
 tutions of-mother, or to weaken or de
 stroy institutions.”
 9uch, sir, was the manner in which
 both parties united, in the language o«
 th* Senator from South Carolina, "in
 insisting that the petitions should be
 received, and that Congress should
 take jurisdiction of the subject for which
 they prayed.”
 Now, sir I want to call the attention
 of the Senate to the manner in which
 this movement was received by the peo
 ple at the North. I have, at some
 trouble, looked up the necessary doc
 uments, to show how they were recei
 ved by the people at large.
 "Meetings of the people' have been
 held in nearly all of the chief cities and
 towns in the Northern States, at which
 the proceedings of the abolitionists
 were rejected and disavowed with
 great unanimity ~and much zeal.”—
 Niles’s Register, October 3, 1835.
 These meetings, as will be seen by
 the papers of the day, were holden dt
 New York, Boston, Albany, and the
 other principal places in the free States.
 Of the character of the resolutions
 passed at Albany, the Richmond En
 quirer maid:
 "Amidst these proceedings we hail
 with delight the meeting and resolu
 tions at Albany; they are up to the
 hub; they are in perfect unison with
 the rights and sentitnents of the South;
 they are divested of all the metaphy
 sics and abstractions of the resolutions
 of New York; they are free from all
 qualifications and equivocation: no idle
 denunciation of the evils of slavery, no
 pompons assertions of the right of dis
 cussion; but they announce in the most
 unqualified terms that it is a Southern
 question, which belongs, under the
 Federal compact, exclusively to the
 South; they denounce all discussions
 upon it in the other States, which, from
 their very nature, are calculated to in
 flame the public mind, and put in jeop
 ardy the lines and property of their
 feliow-citiaens, as at war with every
 rule of moral duty and every sugges
 tion of humanity; and they reprobate
 the incendiaries who will persist in car
 rying them oq ee disloyal to the
 Union.”
 I will not waary the Senate by read
 ing reports ol such meetings holden in
 the principal cities and td*ne of the
 North. The papers of that day contain
 gbuodant evidence to satisfy the most
incredulous. But all this did not satis
 fy the South; they demanded that the
 Abolitionists should' be put down by
 law in the free States. The newspa
 per Southern Patriot said,
 “Let the declaration that discussions
 1 which from their nature tend to inflame
 the public mind and put in jeopardy
 the lives and property of our fellow-cit
 izens, and are at war with every rule
 of moral duty and every suggestion of
 humanity, be only embodied in some
 legislative act, with appropriate penal
 ties, and the South seeks no higher and
 better security.”
 A »nsw ilfiVcn, Con
 necticut, was held September 10,1831,
 called by Dennis Kimberly, Mayor of
 New Hayen to consider a plan for the
 establishment in that city of a college
 for the education of colored youths; at
 which meeting it was—
 Resolved by the Mayor, Alderman,
 Common Council, and freemen of the
 city of N?w Haven, in city meeting as
 sembled, That we will resist the estab
 lishment of the proposed college in this
 place by every lawful means.
 “March, 1853.—Town meeting at
 Canterbury, Connecticut, in reference
 to Miss Crandall’s school for females
 of color. Resolutions were passed ex
 pressing the most decided determina
 tion that the school should not be es
 tablished in that town.
 “May 24, 1833.—Act passed by the
 Legislature of Connecticut prohibiting
 schools for colored persons from other
 States. (In 1835, a petition to the
 Legislature for the repeal of this act
 was rejected.)
 “June 27, 1833.—Miss Crandall
 was imprisoned in Brooklyn, Connec
 ticut, on the charge of having taught
 persons of color from out of the State.
 “September 30, 1833.—An assault
 was made on Mi9s Crandall’s house,
 while a clergyman was holding a reli
 gious meeting there. Rotten eggs and
 other missiles were thrown at the win
 dows.
 “The well of the house on another
 occasion was filled with offal, &amp;c.
 “A newspaper in Connecticut says:
 ‘The committee of the First Ecclesias
 tical Society in Canterbury have seen
 proper to prohibit the scholars of Miss
 Crandall’s school from attending Di
 vine worship in the meeting-house on
 Canterbury green.’
 There was no other meeting-house
 within three miles.
 “May 27.—The mayor and Aider
 man of fiuyfnn rcjcotorl an »nnlir.atiun
 of 126 citizens for the use of FaneuTl
 Hall, for the purpose of holding a
 meeting in which to plead the cause of
 the slaves.
 “August 10, 1835.—Canaan Acade
 my, New Hampshire, wa9 drawn off
 by a mob, for the crime of admitting
 colored youths.
 “August 10, 1835.—Disturbance at
 Worcester, Massachusetts. While the
 Rev. Orange Scott was lecturing on
 slavery, individuals tore up the
 lect«”ei"’a ootes, and offered violence
 to his person.
 “September 17, 1835.—A gallows
 was erected in front of Mr. Garrison’s
 in Brighton street, Boston, with this
 nscription: ‘By order of Judge Lynch.’
 “July 4,9, 10 aud 11, 1835, the
 Abolitionists were mobbed in New
 York. Churches and stores were bro
 ken into and injured, and the dwelling
 houses of several Abolitionists were
 mobbed. The furniture of one was
 burnt in the street. The persons of
 Abolitionists were thretaened. Both
 political parties joined in the outrage.
 “These mobs were instigated by the
 press and pro-slavery public meetings.
 The clergy did not discountenance
 the proceedings that led to them.
 Chancellor Walworth (Dem.) and
 Chancellor Frelinghuysen (Whig)
 made speeches at a public meeting
 against the-Abolitionists, and popular
 clergymen ridiculed the ‘fanatics.’
 “During the mobs, a whole division
 of troops was under arms. The mob
 ruled the city for several days, and
 was Anally dispersed by the authori
 ties acting efficiently, when it was un
 derstood that,tired a of mobbing Ablition
 ists, the mob was turning its attention
 to the Banks on Wall street.
 “An Anti-slavery Convention, held
 at Utica,New York, October 21, 1835,
 in the Baptist meeting-house, was
 mobbed by the citizens of Utica, head
 ed by a committee of twenty-Ave com
 posed of prominent members of both
 political parties appointed at a meeting
 held at the court-house.
 “At meeting in the court-house, a
 prominent individual justiAed in express
 words the gross violation of the law at
 Charleston, South Carolina. 'These
 occasions,’said he, 'will And a law foo
 themselves. Igo for revolution when
 it is necessary.’
 “Adverting to the sending Abolition
 pubiicatipns to the South, he remarked
 'lf other means will not do, the mail
 should be blocked up on that subject.
 “At a public meeting of the citizens
 a resolution was passed that the com
 munity will not submit to the indignity
 of an Abolition assemblage being held
 in a public building in this city.
 “The mayor of the city, the flrst
 judge of the country, the county clerk
 the postmaster, the district clerk and
 other prominent citizens of both politi
 cal parties, took part in the meeting,
 and most of them were of the commit
 tee of twenty-Ave, and the judge, post
 master, &amp;c. retained their offices.
 While the Constitution was in session,
 the chairman of the committee oftwen
 ty-five, followed by a mob of five bun- 1
 dred entefpd the meeting-house, in
 terrupted the proceedings, demanded
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTIJ IS OF NO COLOR—
that they should bleak up and disperse
 which was done.
 ‘Abolitionists went through the mud
 thirty miles to Peterborough, where
 they resumed business in the village
 church.
 “October 31, 1535 —The very day
 of the mob at Uticu, New York, a mob
 of five thonsand 'gentlemen of property
 and standing’ assembled in Washing
 ton street, Boston, in broad daylight,
 which succeeded in demolishing signs
 books, doors, fee., dispersing a Female
 ft
 M*
 The Boston Atlas thus describes the
 mob:
 “He wad* found crouched under a
 pile of boards in a second story of a
 carpenter’s shop, and here he surren
 dered at discretion. A rope was fas
 tened under his arms and about hit
 neck, and he was let down, by means
 of a latter, to ths ground; his counten
 ance was pale and convulsed with ter
 ror, and he made no attempt to speak
 or to resist. There was a very gene
 ral exclamation of 'don’t hurt him,’ and
 two individuals seizing him on each side
 by the collar, he was conducted through
 the lane into State street, and from
 thence hurried into the Mayor’s office
 in the City Hall.’’
 The Bos.on Gazette thus describes
 this mob:
 “We never before saw so gentle
 manly a rabble, if rabble it may be
 called, as that assembled yesterday;
 they opened to the right and left in the
 greatest possible order when a female
 attempted to pass in or out; not only so
 but when a procession of ten or a
 dozen black ladies made known their
 wish to be admitted, the same was done
 for them, without the slightest token of
 disapprobation being manifested. It
 was, in fact, a meeting of gentlemen of
 property and standing from all parts of
 the city, who were disposed, and still
 are determined, at all hazards, and
 come what may, to preserve the peace
 of the city from all domestic incendi
 aries, as well as to protect the Union
 against foreign interference.”
 In 1836, Elijah P. Lovejoy removed
 the St. Louis Observer to Alton, 111.
 Mr. L. discussed the question of slave
 ry. Meetings were held, and resolu
 tions were passed, calling upon him to
 desist; they forbade him to utter his
 sentiments on that subject in any man
 ner. Mr. Lovejoy refusing to recog
 maaihe inquisitorial authority which
 his fetlow-cinzens uuu his
 press and type were destroyed by a
 lawless mob. Another press and type
 were procured, which, on the day of its
 arrival at Alton, was forcibly taken
 from the 'warehouse in which it was
 placed by order of the Mayor, bro
 ken to peices, and thrown into the
 Mississippi. The mayor arrived while
 the lawless work was going on, and
 ordered them to disperse; they replied
 that they would do as soon as they got
 through. A few days subsequent to
 this, Mr. Lovejoy was assailed by a
 mob, and rescued from their hands on
 ly by the heroic interference of his de
 voted wife. On every side, his ears
 were assailed by the moat fiendish
 threats, and his steps were dogged by
 remorseless foes, who had bound them
 selves under curses to take his life.
 His family was threatened, his house
 frequently assailed, and night after
 night his wife driven from a sick bed
 into the garret, to save her life from
 the brickbats and from the violence of
 the mob. Three presses had been, de
 stroyed, and a fourth was procured,
 whiefr under the superintendence of
 the mayor, was stored away in a ware
 house on the 7th of November, 1837.
 In the evening, the warehouse was
 stormed with stones, pistols, and mus
 kets, windows, were broken in, and
 the buildiug was fired. Among those
 of the defenders who sallied forth to
 extinguish the flames was the lamented
 Lovejoy, who was shot at by one of
 of the ruffians,and deliberately murder
 ed. To eseape the devouring flames,
 the rest of the defenders abandoned
 the building, end were fired upon as
 they fled. The press and type were
 thrown into the river.
 In 1836, the press of the Philanthrop
 ist was established at Cincinnati, with a
 view to the promulgation of anti-slave
 ry sentiments. In January, an im
 mune e meeting of citizens of ail parties
 wus held at the courthouse, over which
 the mayor presided. A committee
 was appointed of leading men of the
 city, to draught resolutions expressive
 of the sense of the meeting against the
 discussion of the slavery question.
 The resolutions reported took the
 strongest ground against the agitation
 of the subject of slavery in every form,
 denounced the Abolitionists, and call
 ed upon the citizens to exclude the
 Philanthropist, the Abolition organ,
 from their houses. In July of the
 same year, a mob, headed by young
 men belonging to the wealthy families
 at midnight broke iuto the printing of
 fice of the Philanthropist, and destroy
 ed its press. A new one was forth
 with set, up. Another mob, a few
 weeks later, encouraged by the lead
 ing men of both parties, assembled at
 sundown, broke into the Anti-Slavery
 Depository, made a bonfire of its pub
 lications, broke into the printing office,
 and pulled down the press, dragged it
 to the Ohio river, and threw it in; af
 ter which, it instituted a search for
 several prominent Abolitionists, for
 the purpose of tarring and feathering
 them. The press was re-established;
 but in 1840 another mob, which held
 possession of the city for three days,
 assailsd the office, tore down two
ROCHESTER, Y., THURSDAY; MAY 16, 1850.
j printing presses, dragged them in tbe
 face otfbe Military through the main
 street tbrriver, in which they pre
 cipitatll them. Ageing ell this vio
 lence, lod the hostile sentiment out oi
 which 5 grew, tbe Anti-Slavery men
 contented, until the public opinion of
 the city was changed, and the liberty
 of speech and &gt;f the press completely
 established; mid there is now no large
 city in tb* Union in-wbieh t&amp;e Anti-
 Slavery soiAment is mere decided
 Uut “TOW ipytvrutn 9 Wf'
 of hundreds with which the records of
 that day are filled, of the manner in
 in which AbditivnUm was ridiived by
 the Northern people Every principle
 of law, and every safeguard ot propri
 ety of emitted society, were violated
 by both parties at the North to put down
 this movement. And, sir, they tied
 with each other to see who might go
 the farthest; and the men that said the
 severest things, and vho did the seve
 rest things against the Abolitionists,
 were those who sipposed they were
 coinmending themselves most to pub
 lic favor. And yet, sir, in the face of
 this undoubted history of the fpets of
 the case, it is now asserted that they
 were received with favor be both par
 ties at the North, and that both parties
 did their bidding. Ji has been charged
 against the Abolitieiists, also, again
 and again, that throughout this move
 ment they were setting emissaries to
 the South, preaching insurretion to the
 slaves. In 1835, phen this mouement
 first started, it is die in justico to the
 Abolitionists to sat, that they disavow
 ed it in the most ilemn manner, and
 have continued tofdUavow it from that
 day to the althought the asser
 tion is repeated he e almost every time
 than any gentletpm has occasion to
 speak upon thisjubject. The facts
 are, that from thekne when this move
 ment first had itsAngin at the North,
 down to the presat time, these same
 Abolitionists hae disavowed any
 such intention. I readtir, an extract
 from the authored position of the
 views of that spiety, made in 1835,
 and signed by aljtheir officers:
 “In behalf ofthe American Anti-
 Slavery Society, ve solicit the candid
 attention of the public to the following
 declaration of «uf principles and ob
 jects:
 “1. We hold that Congress has no
 more right to abolish slavery in the
 Southern States han in the French
 West India Ulatis. Of course we
 desire no natiea4 legislation on the
 subject. 7
 “2. Wo hold tilt slavery can only
 be lawfully abolisid by the Legisla
 tures of the sever! States in which it
 prevails, andthatiie exercise of any
 other than moral jufluence to induce
 such abolition is jnconstitutional.
 “3. We belief that Congress has
 the same right to polish slavery in the
 District of Columbia that the State
 Governments havliti their respective
 jurisdictions, and at it is their duty
 to efface so foul a ot from the nation
 al escutcheon. t
 “4. We believe hat American citi
 zens have the r tit to express and
 publish their opini sof the Constitu
 tion, laws, and ini tutions of any and
 every State and a ion under heaven;
 and we mean nev I to surrender the
 liberty of speech &gt;f the press, or of
 aonscience—blessi js whieh we have
 inherited from our athers, and which
 we intend as far We are able, to
 transmit unimpairt to our children.
 “5. We have u formly deprecated
 all forcible attemp &gt;n tbe part of the
 slaves, to recove their liberty; and
 were it in our pov rto address them,
 we would exhort hem to observe a
 quiet and peacs 1 demeanor, and
 would assure ther that no insurrec
 tionary movement! m their part would
 receive from us ie slightest aid or
 countenance.
 ‘‘6. We would eplore any servile
 insurrection, both in account ot the
 calamities which w ild attend it, and
 of the occasion it ght furnish of in
 creased severity a* oppression.
 “7 &gt;r« cfci*V** with sending
 ncendiary publications to the South.
 If by the term incendiary is meant pub
 lications containing arguments and
 facts to prove slavery to be a moral
 and political evil, and that duty and
 policy require its ibolstion, tbe charge
 in true. But if this charge is used to
 imply publications encouraging insur
 rection, the clisVlels false. We beg
 our fellow-citizens to notice that this
 charge is muds without proof, and by
 many who con ids that they have never
 read our publicWtp#*; and that those
 who offer it maw to the public no evi
 dence in supportpf it.
 “8. We arc accused of sending
 our publications to the siaves; and it
 is asserted that their tendency ie to
 excite instirn-ctims. Both the chargee
 are false. The* publications are not
 intended for the dav«s; and were they
 able to read they would find no encour
 agement to insuntetion.
 “9. We are sccjised of employing
 agents in the slave States, to distribute
 our publications. We have never had
 one such agent. We sent no pack
 ages of our pap* to any person in
 those States- far Retribution, except to
 Ave respectable resident citizens at
 their own request. Glut we have sent
 by mail single papers, addressed to
 public officers, editors of newspapers,
 clergymen, and others. If, therefore,
 our object is to* excite the slaves to in
 surrection, the masters are our agents.
 That is the exposition which they
 put forth in 13&amp;I, when this excitement
 first began. These sentiments have
 bean reiterated nearly evory year from
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
that time to this; and as far as I know
 anything of the movements of this or
 ganized society, they have religiously
 and scrupulously lived up to them. 1
 have yet to see the first resolution they
 ha-ve passed, the first line they have
 printed, in contradiction or contraven
 tion of this platform thus laid down in
 1836.
 What was the state of feeling at the
 South at the time when this body was
 so smalhand contemptible? 1 want to
 read a few resolutions passed in South
 -Carol*** tw the yeer 1986, to «h- o
 who was getting up excitement. At a
 meeting of St. James’s and St.
 George’s Parishes, South Carolina,
 they—
 Resolved (unanimously) That,
 should the non-slaveholding States
 omit or refuse, at the ensuing meet
 ings of their respective legislatures, to
 put a final stop to the proceedings ol
 their abolition societies, against the I
 domestic peace of the South, and effec
 tually prevent any further interference
 by them with our slave population, by
 efficient pena aws it will then become
 the aplemn duty of the whole South, in
 order to protect themselves and secure
 their rights and property against the
 unconstitutional combinations of the
 non-slaveholding States, in the mur
 derous designs of their abolitionists, to
 withdraw from the Union.”
 There was the issue presented in
 1835. If the non-slaveholding States
 did not pass penal laws to put down the
 Abolitionists in 1835, it was the solemn
 duty of the Southern States, according
 to these resolutions passed in South
 Carolina, to withdraw from the Union.,
 Well, sir, I have in my hand another
 remarkable paper, taken from the
 Charleston Mercury, published about
 the same time, headed The Crisis.”
 This paper says:
 The proper time for a convention
 of the slaveholding States, will be,
 when the Legislatures.of Pennsylvania,
 Massachusetts and New York, shall
 have adjourned without passing laws
 for the suppression of the abolition
 societies. Should either of these States
 pass such laws, it would be well to
 wait till their efficacy should be tested.
 The adjournmeut ot the Legislatures
 of the Northern States, without adopt
 ing any measures to suppress Garri
 son, Tappan, and Iheir associates, will
 present an issue which must be met by
 the South, or it will b 3 in vain for us
 ever after to attempt anything further
 than for this State to provide tor her
 own safety by defensive measures of
 Her own. If the issue presented us is
 to be met, it can only be done by
 convention of the aggrieved States;
 the proceedings of which, to be of any
 value, must embody and make known
 the sentiments of the whole South, and
 contain the distinct annunciation of
 our fixed and unalterable determina
 tion to obtain the redress of our griev
 ances, be the consequences what they
 may.
 We must have it clearly under
 stood that in framing a constitutional
 union with our Northern brethren, the
 slaveholding States consider them
 selves no more liable to any interfer
 ence with their domestic concerns than
 if they had remained entirely indepen
 dent of .the other States; and that, as
 such an interterence would, among in
 dependent nations, be a just cause of
 war, so among members of such a
 Confederacy as ours, it must place the
 several states in the relation towards
 each other of open enemies. To sum
 up in a few words, the whole argu
 ment on this subject, wtAvould say
 that the abolitionists can only be put
 down by legislation in the States in
 which they exist, and this ean only be
 brought about by the embodied opinion
 of the whole South, acting upon pub
 lic opinion at the North, which can
 only be effected through the instru
 mentality of a Convention of the slave
 holding States. For this we believe
 the public is not yet prepared, espe
 cially in our sister States.”
 That was to be the time for the
 Convention. If the Legislatures of
 Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and New
 York, then in session, adjourned with
 out passing laws to put down abolition
 societies, then the time for a Southern
 Convention had come. Mark tbs ex
 pression, r should either of these
 States pass such laws, it would be well
 to wait till their efficacy can be tested.”
 ifow, air, was the South arrayed
 against Tappan, Garrison, and the
 societies designated in the speech of
 the Senator from South Carolina as
 "small and contemptible?” Ifthe-Leg
 islatures of Massachusetts, Pennsyl
 vania, and New York, did not come to
 their rescue, it was time for a Conven
 tion of the slaveholding States.
 For this we believe the public
 mind is not yet prepared, especially in
 our sister States.”
 "Not yet prepared.” There was
 something U&gt; be done to prepare the
 public mind for it. We believe the
 public mind is not yet prepared in the
 sister States.” It seems that the pub
 lic mind was pretty well prepared in
 South Carolina, but something was to
 be done to prepare the sister States;
 and in this connexion, it seems to me
 that the letter I read yesterday has a
 most pregnant and significant meaning.
 Mr. Calhoun, writing to *Duff Green,
 says:
 Since you passed through the
 South, the excitement in relation to
 the Northern fanatics has greatly in
 creased,” &amp;c.
 How far short of ditfdnion was the
 remedy w be found? Why, if they
 could be so far prepared tq put ai
certain man at the head of the Union,
 would they atop thus far abort of dis
 union? That waa the meaning of it.
 But the thing was not then prepared
 in the sister States;” though, 1 sup
 pose, the gentlemen who thought tht
 sister States not sufficiently pre
 pared fifteen years ago, suppose they
 have got them sufficiently prepared by
 this time.
 The Senator from South Carolina,
 speaking of the anti-slavery agitation
 at the North, says, which, as is now
 i»&lt;»k«»«»ud(sad. has endangered the
 Union.” Now, sir, that is not the
 case. The Union was safe enough,
 the public mind was safe enough, fif
 teen years ago. I hold in my hand a
 newspaper called the Union, published
 in this city the 14th of February last;
 and this editor, who, 1 suppose, will be
 admitted to be good authority on the
 subject, says:
 "The following fact stands out pro
 minently in the history of parties in
 New Hampshire, via: that before the
 annexation ot Texas and the treason oi
 John P. Hale to the Democratic par
 ty, (which act of treachery he sought
 to justify on the pretext of opposition
 to the admission of Texas,) that party
 was as free from all taint of abolition
 or free-soilism as the Democracy of
 Virginia. They opposed all agitation
 of the slavery question, and they op
 posed the abolitionists in every form.”
 Now, sir, you have this declaration
 coming from this source—one that will
 not be disputed—that up to the annex
 ation of Texas in 1845 there was as
 little Abolitionism and Free-Soilism in
 New Hampshire, as in Virginia herself.
 And if the same be true ofNew Hamp
 shire, it is true of all the Northern
 States generally, .so far as anything
 affecting the public councils are con
 cerned. But at that time what did the
 North see? They saw then the pro
 position, clearly and unblushingly pu
 forih, that the whole purposes and ene
 ergies of the Government must be
 brought to bear for the purposes of
 strengthening and sustaining the institu
 ion slavery. The following is the of
 aunouncement that was made by the
 Secretary of State:
 A movement of this sort [abolition
 of slavery in Texas] cannot be con
 templated by us in silence; such an at
 tempt upon any neighboring country
 would necessarily be viewed by this
 Government with deep concern; but
 when it is made upon a nation whose
 territories join the slaveholding Slates
 of our Union, it awakens a still more
 solemn interest; it cannot be permitted
 to succeed without the most strenuous
 efforts on our part to arrest a calamity
 so serious to every part of our country.
 The establishment in the very midst of
 our slaveholding States ot an indepnnd
 ent Government, forbidding the existe
 nceeof slavery, and by a people born for
 the most part among us, reared up in
 our habits and speaking our language,
 could not fail to produce the most un
 happy effects upon both parties.”
 This, sir, is the great secret of the
 opposition to the admission of Califor
 nia. It is because they are a people
 who accord with us in their hearts and
 speajg our language, and have forbid
 den the existence of slavery among
 them. After the announcement to
 which I have referred of the Secretary
 of State, Mr, Upshur, the Government
 went to work and negotiated a treaty
 of annexation. I think it is wrong,
 however, to say of annexation—that
 Texas was annexed to the United
 States. It is not so; the United States
 were annexed to Texas, as the matter
 was consummated. Texas applied to
 us tor annexation. Messrs, Van
 Buren and Forsyth belie they had
 not the right to do it consistently with
 national faith, and they rejected it.
 Then we applied to Texas, and she
 rejected us; and then a second time we
 asked Texas to take us, and she con
 sented to do so; and I therefore protest
 in the name of justice against calling
 it annexation to the United States.
 Texas stood off, and we went to her a
 second time, and she took us, and the
 avowal we made to induce them to do
 it was, that we could not maintain and
 defend our institution* unless they
 came to our fescue. The communica
 tion of Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Green,
 the American Charge to Mexico, com
 municating the annexation of April 19,
 1844, says:
 And in the next place, that the
 step was forced on the Government of
 the United States in self-defence, in
 consequence of the policy adopted by
 Great Britain in reference to the ab
 olition of slavery in Texas. It was im
 possible for the United States to wit
 ness with indifference the efforts of
 Great Britain to abolish slavery there.
 They could not but see that the bad
 the means in her power, in the actual
 condition of Texas to accomplish the
 objects of her policy, if accomplished,
 it would lead to a state of things dan
 gerous in the extreme to the adjacent
 States.and the Union itself. Seeing
 this, the Government has been com
 pelled, by the necessity of the case and
 a regard to ita constitutional obliga
 tions, to take the step it has, as the only
 certain and effectual means of prevent
 ing it.”
 That wae the doetrine advanced by
 Mr. Calhoun in his letter to Mr. Green,
 and the same doctrine waa insisted on ia
 his letter to Mr. Pakenham, the Brit
 ish Minister, which I|will not trouble
 thp Senate with reading. The letter
 is dated the 18th 9f April, 1844, end
 declares, in effect, that measure* must
 be taken to prevent abolition in Texas,
 to guard against the injurious effect on
JOHN SICE, PftiHtM
WHOLE NO. J 25.
us. It was the avowal of theae senti
 ments by the the General Government,
 thus boldly and unblushingly made,
 and the declaration of Mr. Calhoun
 that unless those efforts should succeed,
 it would involve the whole country,
 and not the slaveholding States alone,
 in great calamity, that awakened and
 aroused the public sentiment at the
 North. They saw then the revolution
 about to be effected in the Glovernment,
 and {hat, instead of quietly employ
 ing ourselves at home, we were seek
 ing to strengthen our hands by the in
 corjroranon orrttjrergn this
 Union to sustain the institution of sla
 very.
 Now, t'n connection with this sub
 ject of th£ annexation of Texas, I
 come to the recent speech of the Sen
 ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. W»«-
 stxr,] and I regret as much as any
 man beiug compelled to differ from the
 honorable Senator. But 1 have this
 consolation, that if I differ from the
 honorable Senator from Massachusetts
 in 1850,1 agree with him in 1848. In
 a speech made by him in the Senate in
 1848, the distinguished Senator from
 Massachusetts used this language.
 *‘M/ opposition to the increase of
 slavery in this country, or to the in
 crease of slave representation in Con
 gress, is general and universal. It has
 no reference to the lines.of latitude or
 points of the compass. I shall oppose
 all such extension and all such in
 crease, in all places, at all times, under
 all circumstances, even against all in
 ducements, against all supposed limita
 tion of great interests, against all com
 binations, against all compromises."—
 Mr. Webster in the Senate, August 10,
 1848.
 1 agree with that sentiment of bis
 however I may differ from soma later
 things which he has said. I want now
 to call the attention of the Senate to
 some other remark* of the Senator
 from Massachusetts, made upon this
 subject in the Senate of the United
 States:
 "Mr. President, there is no citizen
 of this country who is more kindly dis
 posed toward the people of Texas than
 myself, from the time they
 in ao extraordinary a manner, their in
 dependence from the Mexican Govern
 ment. 1 have shewn, I hope, in an
 other plaie, and shall show in all sit
 uations and under all circumstances,
 rf just and proper regard for the people
 of that country; but with respect to ita
 annexation to this Union, it is well
 known that trom the first announce
 ment of any such idea, I have felt it
 my duty steadily, uniformly, and zeal
 ously to oppose it. 1 have expressed
 opinions and urged argument*
 it everywhere and on all occasions in
 which the subject came under consid
 eration,'and could not now, if I were
 to go over the whole topic again, ad
 duce any new views or support old
 views, as far as I am aware, by any
 new* arguments of illustration. My
 efforts have been constant and un
 wavering, but, like those of others,*
 they have failed of success. I will,
 therefore, in a very few words, acting
 under the unanimous resolution and
 instructions of both branches of the
 Legislature of Massrchusetts, as well
 as in conformity to my own settled judg
 ment and full conviction, recapitulate
 belore the Senate and before the coun
 try the objections which have prevailed,
 and which always will prevail with me,
 against this measure of annexation.
 "In the third place, sir, I have to
 say, that while I hold, with as much
 integrity, I trust, and faithfulness at
 any citizen of this country, to all the
 origonal arrangements and comprom
 ises in which the Constitution under
 which we now live was adopted, I never
 could and never can persuade myself
 to be in favor of the admission of other
 States into the Union as slave States,
 with the inequalities which were allow
 ed and accorded to the slaveholdwf
 States then in existence by the Uon
 ■titution. Ido not think 'th**
 States ever«xpected or *ould expect,
 that they would be on to admit
 fbrther slave having the advan
 tages, th* -fltqnal advantages arising
 tothern from the mode of apportioning
 representation under the. existing Con
 stitution.
 "Sir, I have never mad* an effort,
 and never propose to make an effort; I
 have never countenanced an effort, and
 never mean to countenance an effort,
 to disturb tbe arrangements, as origin
 ally made, by which the various States
 came into the Union; but I cannot
 avoid considering it quite a different
 question when a proposition is made to
 admit new States, and that they be al
 lowed to come in with the same advan
 tages and inequalities which existed in
 regard to tbe old.
 "Now, sir, as I have said, in all this
 I acted, under resolutions of the State
 of Massaohusetts- certainly concur
 ring writh my own judgment—so often
 repeated and reaffirmed by the unani
 mous consent of all men of all parties,
 that 1 could not well go through tbe
 •cries, affirming not only tbe impolicy,
 but tbe uncoiistitutionalit/ of such an
 nexation.
 "Besides, experience shows us that
 things of this sort may be sprang upon
 Congress or the people. It wee so in
 the cese of Texes. It was so in thn
 twenty-eighth Congress. The members
 of that Congress were not cboaen to
 decide tbe question of annexation or o#
 annexation. They came in on other
 grounds, political aqd party, and were
 supported for reasons not connected
 with this question. What tbeo/ The
 Administration sprung upon them the
 question of anonexsuon. It obtained
 1 "A
