{lottrg.
fW the National Em.
 TO DANIEL WEBSTER.
 ■T MAX wn«.
 New England’» heart bath wore thee,
 A jewel bright awl tried;
 New England's breast hath borne theet
 la all a mother’s pride!
 Couldst thou forget the throb that nursed
 The pulses of thy boyhood inti
 The throb of Liberty that burst
 Her every green bill side!
 There comes a voice of pleading
 On every Southern gale,
 And broken hearts and bleeding
 Are melting in its wail!
 Tkm ebouldst have spoken back the word.
 New England's heaving heart bath pouted!
 And struck once more the master-chord
 That makes the mighty quail!
 No word of interceding
 For the wronged and trembling Right!
 Thou hast sheathed thy sword, unheeding,
 fn the thickest of the fight!
 Thou thunderest to the dying slave—
 We reach no helping baud to save!
 New E igland give# thy hope—a grave—
 Thy North Star—endless night!”
 New England’s snow-wreathed mountains
 Shout to her gathering gales—
 Asd a voice of many fountain*
 Burst# through her darksome dales!
 Call him to stand upon the sod
 His free-born feet in boyhood trod!
 And answer (At* to Freedom's God,
 And Freedom’s echoing rales!”
 A LYRIC.
 &gt;1 SBESBZER ELLIOTT.
 He does wsll who does his btst;
 Is bs weary! let him rest.
 Brothers! I have dons my best,
 lam weary—let me rest.
 After toiling oft in vain,
 Baffled, yet to etrnggle fain;
 After toiling long, to gain t
 Little good, with mickle pain;
 Let me rest—but lay me low,
 Where the hedgeside rote below;
 Where the little daisies grow,
 When the winds n-Maying go;
 Where the footpath rustics plod;
 Where the breete-bowed poplars nod;
 Where the old woods w irship God;
 Where His pencil paints the sod;
 Where the wedded throstle sings;
 Where the young bird tries hie wings;
 Where the wailing plover swinge,
 Hear the mnlet’e rushy springs!
 Where, at times, the tempest’s roar,
 Shaking distant sea and shore,
 Stilt will rave old Barnesdale o’er,
 To be heard by me no more!
 There, beneath the breesy west,
 Tired and thankful, let me rest,
 Like a child that sleepeih beet
 On its gentle mother’s breast.
 REQUESTS.
 T CRACK ORE Bit WOOL*.
 Oh! when the gloomy night of death
 Hath quenched life’s feeble flame,
 And when the taint and quivering breath
 Hath left my wasted frame,—
 Let not the dread and e sletnn knell
 Pour forth its tones of gloom,
 A cold and careless world to tell
 My transit to the tomb.
 And lay ms not wh»» Me,
 Within the church-yard dim,
 Where foils the tear, and breathes the sigh,
 And sounds the requiem'
 But in some wildwood’s shadows deep,
 Far from the crowded town,
 In that last, still, undreaming sleep,
 Ob, gently lay me down!
 Methruks more sweet I’d slumber there,
 Within my green-turfed grave,
 If flowers I loved, might bright and feir,
 Above my bosom wave.
 There let the Sweet-brier spread its leaves—
 There spring the Anemone,
 The Lily! drooping as it grieves—
 Ob, place them there by me!
 The modest purple Violet,
 Fit floweret for e tomb,
 Twill teem to chide, if ye forget*—
 Sweet friends, there let it bloom.
 Let no proud mausoleum be reared
 To bear my sculptured name,
 A name but to a few endeared,
 And all unknown to feme;
 But ah' let Memory deeply write
 That name upon the heart'
 -In Joy's fair morn, in Sorrow’s night.
 Thence never to deport.
 Nor let the thought that this young frame
 Lies is the cold, cold earth,
 A trembling sigh, n tear-drop claim,
 Or sadden hall or hearth.
 And though the vacant seat may long
 Remind your beans of me,
 Oh, do not let it still the song,
 4 Or check the laugh of glee!
 But let one thought culm Sorrow’s strife,
 And soothe each wounded breast—
 The thought that from the toils of life
 My spirit is et rest.
 Viols Tricolor—Forget-Me-Not.
 From Fraser's Magasiae.
 TO STRUGGLE WHEN HOrE IS BAN
 ISHED.
 To struggle when Hope is banished;
 To live when life’s salt is gone;
 To dwell ie n dream that's vanished;
 To endure and go calmly on,
 To know nod to doubt the knowledge;
 The past to undo in thought;
 To seedy ia Misery's College
 The woes that can there be taught;—
 Oh! what but despair can finish
 A task such at that for nut
 His strength wilt each hour diminish,
 While pressed by so heavy a baa.
 But no! the bean stupid ia sorrow.
 Still points to a distant goal,
 And whispers," There cooes a tomorrow,
 With peace to the steadfost soul!”
 A peace that is based oa doty,
 I he wiM and the power to think,
 Osa carry, unseal hod ia beauty,
 The brave where the feeble sink.
 At used, then, is help the aigheat:
 Where the storm is fisrosnt, there
 The courage mast mill be the highest,
 T« sot—to resist—*e hear.
JJtterdlanrous.
Fran tbe Horn Journal.
 CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.
 BT MBS. BELL SMITH.
 On Saturday afternoon, some years
 since about the bar-room of tbe only
 public-houae in the little Tillage of
 S on Lake Erie, were gathered
 a number of gossiping idlers, sea-far
 ing men and farmers. Although early
 in the afternoon, the heary clouds of
 an approaching storm so darkened the
 shore, that candles were Ik, and in
 their dim light the gathered crowd lis
 tened to the beating of the wares upon
 the beach, and the distant roll of thun
 der that announced the coming strife.
 It is one of those scenes that occur
 when a mighty tempest come down on
 Erie's inland sea, and the dullest,
 seemed struck with its impressive
 grandeur. Sailors drank from their
 poisoned cups with less noise, and the
 village politicians were less absorbed
 in the presidential election.—One of
 the number seemed more uneasy than
 the rest. A young man, of mild pre
 possessing, appearance, with a rifle in
 his hand a powder horn slung over his
 shoulder, for he bad bat a few minutes
 before come i*» fro— gmattiag, paced
 to and from tbe door, looked at the
 troubled bay and cloudy sky, and fre
 quently asked an old captain of a
 schooner when he would be able to
 sail—to night?
 "To-night? No, sir!” he responded
 to one of these inquiries; "nor to-mor
 row—nor next day, I expect. This
 'ere storm looks as if it was goin’ to
 lead off a dance for a good many flir
 tin' ones, and I don't believe in puttin’
 out in sich company—it corrupts good
 manners, as the sayin’ is. You seem
 to be in a great hurry, comrade?
 "I am. The Sea-Gull brought me
 ill news from home this morning, and
 I will double your passage money if
 you run me down to to night.”
 "Not I. I wouldn’t undertake it for
 four times the money.”
 Silenced by this reply, the young
 man returned sadly into the house;
 aud, sitting down thrust his hands into
 his pockets, with the dogged air of one
 who makes up his mind to be content
 with a positive evil.
 M W had been in S
 but a few weeks, and although a
 stranger, had impressed its inhabitants
 favorably—so quiet, retiring, and, as
 all thought, kind was he in manner and
 disposition. The business that brought
 him to the place was by no means set
 tled, and the intelligence he had re
 ceived must have been of a very pres
 sing nature to make one naturally so
 timid anxious to brave a storm that
 caused the hardiest sailor to shrink
 from duty. He had been sitting with a
 look of gleomy discontent but a short
 time, wheu the clatter of horses’ feet
 were beard in the street, and a man,
 pale and trembling, stood within the
 door-way. His first discordant utter
 ance was the word "Murder!” No
 expression of pain or terror can send
 the same deathly chill to the heart as
 that one word of terrible import; and,
 paralyzed with stupid surprise, tbe
 gathered crowd inquiringly gazed at
 the breathless messeenger of evil. Be
 fore he could relate what seemed to
 choke his utterance, the sheriff of the
 county h&amp;otily entered and arrested M
 W
 "For what?” faltered the young
 man.
 "The murder of Millie Woods,” was
 the stern reply.
 It wanted only this to to swell the
 horrible sensation that had fallen upon
 tbe crowd.—Millie Wood, a little girl
 ten or twelve years of age, was the
 only child of sepectable parents living
 within a mile of S and in her
 sprightly loveliness had won the affec
 tion of all the villagers. The circum
 stances sttendingfeher death were as
 follows: The parents, as was frequent
 ly their custom, left tbe house under
 the charge of Millie, and had been,
 greater part of the day, making pur
 chases and visiting in the village. Hur
 rying home before the coming storm,
 the agonized parents found their house
 robbed, and their only child brutally
 murdered.—The news spread rapidly,
 I and soon the curious and cooler neigh
 bors were looking carefully on all
 masks the violence had left in the pre
 mises. The house, a large frame one,
 stood some distance from the road.—
 The front door was found open, all the
 inner doors unlocked or broken, every
 drawer, chest, press or cupboard
 forced, and their contents scattered
 over the floor. In the (garret, to
 which place the poor little creature
 had probably flea, Millie was found
 covered with blood that.flowed from a
 stab in her side, her little hand grasp
 ing an old bed-post, while around her
 neck a white handkerchief was slightly
 knotted.
 Upon the floor of tbe ball, one bf
 the neighbors picked up a squirrel with
 one fore-paw gone, and its head scalp
 ed by a rifle ball. A joung man who
 had been chopping wood in a neigh
 boring grove immediately recognized
 it as one W— bad shot that after
 noon; he was by, and, picking it up,
 remarked to W the excellent shot.
 —W left him in the direction of
 Wood’s house, with the squirrel in his
 band. The hankerchief unwound from
 Millie’s neck had the letters m. w. in
 one corner. True these were the ini
 tials of Millie’s own rfhme, but her mo
 ther positively avowed she owned no
 such article. Satisfied with these cir
 cumstances the offier at once arrested
 W——. From the time tbe murder
 was discovered to that of W——-'$
 arrest was just two hours.
 The prisoner was hurried to the
 nearest magistrate, and tbe evidence
 I have detailed given before him. In
 addition to this, spots of fresh blood
 were found on his coat sleeve, and as
 Woods had been robbed of some gold
 and silver coin, of peculiar character,
 two or three of the pieces were found
 upon the unfortunate man's person.
 This riveted the final link and the
 crowd grew furious. Little Millie, so
 good, so loved and loving, all remem
 bered as a child of their own, and she
 to be butchered for gold—the law
 seemed toe slow and mud for venge
 ance; and the great crowd new »wel-
ling to hundred*, swayed to
 shouting angrily for blood.
 A convict but lately from pri*-' o
 haatened forward with a rope, threw it
 over a post, while aome of the citizens
 in answer to mute suggestion, hurried
 the unfortunate prisoner towards the
 improptu gallows.
 i “Oh, gentlemen screamed the
 t young man, frightened at what ep
 f peored his inevitable, fate. “Hava
 l mercy upon me—l am innocent—in
 deed I am—have mercy.”
 r His voice was drowned in a roai
 f from the crowd. “Who had mercy or
 I little Millie, kill him!” and again they
 i pushed him towards the fatal post.
 “Oh God!” cried tbs uoheppy sms
 in bitter anguish and trembling like a
 child; “will no one pity me? I bavi
 a widowed mother—mercy* mercy—
 r wait a little while—only a little whih
 i —only a little while.
 One, alone answered this last appeal,
 j A young lawyer of eminent ability,
 r and personal popularity, sprung for
 ward, sovered the rope, and then in a
 1 clear, silvery voice that rung out high
 f above the tumult, said:
 i “My friends be careful of your acta.
 —You are about to do what in this mas
 i you condemn an awful murder,
 i Chain him down, do what you will U
 i secure the criminal, but respect tbc
 1 law—”
 “And give Squire B a chance
 to clear him,’’interrupted the convicl
 i 1 have mentioned.
 “To that man, fresh from the cells
 I have nothing to say. But to you my
 I companions, neighbors, friends, I ap
 peal—earnesty appeal. Why will you
 do this cruel thing What right have
 you to commit a murder? How will
 you answer to the great Giver of all
 good for this? Whore is your authori
 i
 i “Whoso shedeth man’s blood by
 man shall his blood be shed,” respond
 ed a harsh, solemn voice, and the
 crowd turning, saw, where a torch
 P waved over a stern, unfeeling lacs, the
 countenance of their preacher? It
 was a time when the gathered feeling
 checked by some great obstacle pau
 ses in its rash career, and, for a mo
 ment there seems a doubt which way
 the tide will flow. The awful passage
 so solemnly quoted, fell on the crowd
 at. that moment, when the slightest
 word would*have turned them from
 their purpose, and, stimulated as it
 seemed to them by a command from
 Heaven, they once more seized their
 trembling captive, when the old captain
 whom W had importnded for a
 passage, claimed to be heard:
 “Comrades,” said he, Squire B—
 thinks we hadn’t ought to hang this
 fellow. Well, I’ll tell you what we’ll
 do. He wanted to sail with me this
 day. He shall do so. We’ll take
 him outside the Bay—lie him in an
 open boat and set him adrill. Then
 the Lord have mercy on him. What
 say your”
 A shout of approbation was the res
 ponse, and they hurried W to the
 shore. In the meanwhile the storm
 grew Joud, and, when in the dark night
 their torches beaten out by wind and
 rain, the great crowd heard the angry
 waves dashing over the rude pier, their
 courage failed, and seven only were
 found ready .for the enterprize. Clam
 bering upon the deck, with their victim
 in their midst, the cables were cut and
 the little bark, like a frightened bird,
 flew out to sea.
 Perhaps no scene ever painted itsell
 on the canvas of real life so startling,
 wiled and strang as this. While the
 stout-hearted skipper steered the bark,
 the convict, assisted by four of hit
 companions, tied W to the open
 boat, and the preacher, kneeling upon
 the deck, was beard between the
 pauses of the thunder far above wavei
 and wind, calling upon Heaven to blesi
 their unholy act.
 The open lake was gained, and the
 wretched man, regardless of his en
 treaties and screams, was given to the
 foaming waters. In a glare of light
 ning, that was followed by a deafening
 peal of thunder, they saw their victiir
 rise upon a huge wave then plunge in
 to darkness and death beyond.
 Short time had tc
 dwell upas the ruthless deed. Then
 lives were in jeopardy. A qjortn sc
 violent has seldom been equalled, and,
 the little craft wai worked, save skip
 per, by unskillful hands. Desperate
 efforts were made to regain the Bay,
 but the entrance was narrow and in
 tricate, while commands, grossly mis
 understood, were promptly executed,
 so that the bark run upon a ledge ol
 rocks and quickly went to pieces. Two
 only of its strange crew were saved—
 the clergyman and the convict togeth
 er reached the shore.
 Some tnree after these strange
 events, the Rev. H— was awafc«n«4
 one night by a request to come im
 mediately, and administer religious
 consolation to a prisoner, who in at
 tempting an escape from jail had been
 mortally wounded by the sentinel on
 duty. The Rev. gentleman folding his
 cloak about him, and accompanied by
 the jailer, threaded bis way through
 •now and sleet to the prison.
 They found the prisoner writhing in
 pain upon his bed in tbs gloomy con,
 lit by a dim candle, and alone, for the
 ■urgeon had pronounced bis case
 hopeless.
 “You’ve come at last” he growled,
 as the clergyman app.roachiqg hit bed
 took from beneath his cloak, a book,
 and began the duties pertaining to his
 sacred mission.—“ You’ve come at last,
 I thought I’d go down before you got
 here.”
 “May you be spared for repentance;
 let us lose no time.”
 “No you don't! I am bound to go
 down down. Don’t. be fooling, 1
 didn’t send for that.”
 “The sands of life are running fast.
 In a few moments you will be in the
 presence of your Judge, and repen
 tance then will be of no avail.”
 “It will not avail me now,” said the
 criminal.
 “Think of your past life—think of
 thepunishment that is to follow!”
 The answer to this was a frantic
 roar of laughter, that made. even the
 jailor’s blood tingle with alarm.
 “I will not remain,” said Mr. H—
 sternly, “and hear this awful mockery.
 I warn you now—beware!
 “Well, listen, then—don't you know
 me?”
The clergyman held the candle t&lt;
 the convict’s face, and alerted wilt
 astonishment.
 "Oh! you know me, do you You
 remember the night we to- SBe( i W. over
 board—hew he prayed) Ho, ho! look
 to yourself-”
 "I did my duty.*'
 "Ah, ba! you did, did you? Yo*
 did your duty in drowning a poor fel
 low fora murder he never committed!"
 A tremor like an ague ran through
 the listener's frame, and there he stood
 as one dismayed.
 “He never did the deed. I mur
 dered Mißy Woods—l chased her to
 the garret and killed her. I was there
 robbing the house when W— came. I
 .heard him speak cheerily to the child,
 give her the squirrel, and then leave.
 A minute after, she was a dead baby,
 and W—- had the blame.
 “Lord, have mercy upon me!”
 groaned Ue Divine, in an agony o!
 spirit.
 "I slipped the gold pieces in hie
 pocket, how he prayed and begged for
 mercy! It’s our turn uow! I don't beg
 —I won’t—l’ll die as I have lived—but
 you can howl. He had a widowed
 mother. We all went under—but you
 and 1, parson, came up together—now
 we go down—down down!” The
 voice ceased—a shudder ran through
 liis iroa frame, and the.wretched crimi
 nal was-no more.
 In time, the village of S grew to
 a city. Jdany of its old citizens had
 emigrated, or were dead, and, among
 the remaining, the events I have nar
 rated had faded almost into an uncer
 tain legend, when, one sunny after
 noon, an elderly gentleman of staid,
 respectable appearance, accompaniec
 by his wife and children, made his wa&gt;
 from the evening steamer to one of the
 principal hotels. Alter securing rooms,
 be walked into the streets. .He ear
 nestly scanned the sight as he passed
 He stopped before one that reac
 “Attorney-at-law;” he paused, anc
 thee, with a start as if the determina
 tion had a spice oi the desperate in it
 he ascended the stairs and entered the
 office. An eldprly man, with a bale
 head and wrinkled face, was seated ai
 a table surround ty books and papers
 Inviting the new comer to be seated
 he peered at him through bis specta
 cles, and inquired his business.
 “Mr. B—-—you do not remembei
 lie?”
 “I cannot say that I do.” answerec
 the attorney, slowly, as if in doubt.
 “Do you not remember pleading ir
 behalf of a poor fellow, about being
 linched for a murder some thirty yean
 siace?”
 W exclaimed the
 lawyer joy fully. “Can it be possible:
 I lever forget a face, and yours I saw
 ini frame work that night' that ough
 to impress it upon my memory forever
 Bi! 1 thought you dead years ago. Si
 down—sit down, and tell me all.”
 '‘After I was thrown Irom the vesse
 that night,” said W seating him
 self,^“'l was so frightened tb,at for some
 time I had no consciousnes of wha
 occured. On becoming more collected
 I found my little boat half filled witl
 water, riding the short heavy waves
 and every second I expected to go un
 der, or be capsized, and so drown
 This not occurring, I began to 100 l
 about me. I found the cord by whicl
 I was tied passed over my shoulder. J
 managed to get it in my mouth, ant
 soon gnawed it apart. This loosenec
 my bands, so that in a few minutes J
 freed myself and sat up. With an ole
 cup that I found in the boat, I balec
 out the water and, then breaking up
 one of the seats, I managed the little
 affair so as to ship no more of the
 waves, and in this way rode out the
 storm and the night.
 “By morning, the wind had some
 what Subsided, but so exhausted was I
 by fear and fatigue, that I was forced
 to lie down,and soon was sound alseep.
 When I awakened the sun was setting,
 and ts far I as could see on every side,
 wars dreary waste of waters. Strange
 as it may sound, I was greatly relieved.
 I feared nothing so much as falling
 agate into the hands of that terrible
 mob.
 “The full moon came out, making
 the scene light almost as day, and, a
 gentle breeze springing up, 1 took
 my coat, fastened it on the broken
 seat, and, with this for a sail, dirifted,
 near as 1 cquld make out by the stars,
 in a north-easterly direction. I knew
 soontr or later, I must strike the Can
 ada shore, but how far I had been
 carried in the storm, I could not of
 course determine.—Through that long
 night I floated on. I saw the moon go
 dowf and the stars fade into the cold
 gray light of morning,and then the sun
 cams up with the clear, calm day, but
 no land could be seen—nothing but
 water. I imagined at
 one lime seeing in the dim distance, a
 tail, but if one, it immediately disap
 peared. About noon I noticed some
 thing floating near me, and on pad
 dling my boat alongside, found it a
 bale of goods, carefully corded toge
 ther. I fastened it, almost without
 motitre, to my boat, and again lying
 down was soon asleep. I was awakened
 by shout, and, starting up, found I
 was running in close to a wooded
 •bore, and, a number of men staring
 in vooder at my appearance. In an
 swer to my request, one of them waded
 in and pulled my boat to the land. I
 learned to rov great relief, that I
 reached the Canada side, within a few
 miles of—. It was supposed that I
 had been shipwrecked, to which my
 bale of goods at once gave coloring,
 and a kind reception. On opening this
 bale, asxt day, 1 found it filled with
 costly silks and velvets, and so admira
 bly packed that water had not damaged
 them. Thia had probably been Tost
 from a *reck during the late storm,and
 noticing the address with intention of
 repayment some day, I sold the con
 tents, and with the proceeds mads my
 way to New York, where I, after hear
 ing of ny mother’s death, joined an
 expedition, fitting out for ,in South
 America. In thia now home I married,
 and engaged in merchandise. There
 I lived antil I learned, a few mouths
 since my innocence of that cruel deed
 had been known by the confession oi
 the real criminal.”
 When ho had finished recounting
 his strange escape, the lower, rising
 abruptly, naught him by the arm, and
 pomteiftto the open window, The;
looked and saw a gaunt figure, with
 sunken eyes, pals cheeks, long
 gray hair, ip the gloom ofths evening,
 more silently along.
 “That,” said the lawyer, ”ia Mr.
 Since that night of the crimi
 nal's confession, his intellect, nerer
 very strong, has been a complete
 wreck. Every evening he wanders to
 the lf stormy, no entreaties can
 induce him ’to seek a shelter, but, hour
 after hour, he paces the shore, as if
 every moment he expected some reve
 lation from its troubled waters.”
SliHJtrtioements.
Aaylwm fir tie Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 lion. The proprietor analyses every diseas elbat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to I*
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal remedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have (ailed to obtain their health by ail
 otlier systems af practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tbe remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many base
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from h«« u&gt; iaftoea years; and tome
 who have been unable to dresaor undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. TV treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseasesipecuiiar to females, such as
 Ist. Tne falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions*in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages. Piles, Coslivenesa, Di
 anhcea. Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstniation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rlieum, in its worst forms, Neural-
 Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on these dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified Cures, he wisues to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 againlt any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 •iy all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here apd b&amp;cfc home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, ana give a bond to boardthem,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them«ccording to contract. Any
 one thinking the above .proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentation* and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tlie influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent buudreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or guy
 benefit, and still remaig confined to &lt;K*j
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different may uitier one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients mast be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 (hat call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in tbe Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that tbe treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE,
 THE Subscriber beg* leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphilosopbic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 puritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. Ibe
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of i&gt;ea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to. me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 ,,ihr‘M,niiras;.Tsd r s
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding i m
 proYement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of n small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to hring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection id
 -ii •w UCCOpy tOCOI in COfmOOU
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol. March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Laker G««4s.
 by the America Free Pro
 ill. dime Association, aad for sale atNo. SI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams: Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin far linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black aad white Wadding;
 Cotton Imps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, aa ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cottas,
 lie. lie.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McK.ua, SI, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 26, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prime bow
 on hand. juF-tf
Colored Sailsn* Hue,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 to Wtw lorK) can now ot acoonunouatad with
 as good Board, and mas low a price as ia any other
 bowse in the city. The house is large and ooa
 reoimt; willl bold comfortably seremy persons.
 Famibea can have pmsta rooms and every atten
 tion paid to their samfotl, WM» P, POWELL.
 May ll ,1648.
Hahtei’s Eclectic Meiieal lastitate,
 ai4 Water-Care E&amp;UMistaeat.
 THIS lutimiM Im be** is wectiifal operation
 duruif fourteen years, far the cure of alt Chronic
 u «um*K be removed by medi
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tienu have been restored to be*lib end tueiaWu
 by the treatment pur end at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by nay other coarse of medi
 cine. Hundreds who and bean confined to their
 beds for years, sad who were almost in dtsnair,
 have bad renewed hope and courage when they bean
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been curwl by this
 treatment after everything else had failed,.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or BPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES*
 he., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their acrompaaiinents—as DYB
 RALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNEBB, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arisiiw from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 ami which medicine alone wiH not core—to such
 sufierers we would my, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not corns
 yourselves, sad save life, time and money
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure estabhahmeuu; yet
 we do not rely selcly upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes uadcr any Other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (faHiac
 of the womb,) Leucorrliea, [whites] »uppreshed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life*—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physician* are willing
 ut acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Femwfos frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a ttife of help
 lessness and psin, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 snd restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contrilmte to the
 happiness of otliers. Tbit has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds ol
 miles on beds, m easy-chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Tiiese
 hdi«-s hava walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in the unpar
 dtUed treatment for all long Handing or Chrome dfe
 eaeet, of whatever land or nature that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 Hr will enter into a special written agreement with
 such at detire if, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rulet and regulation, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurte them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, il
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution,
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 hned for year*, are relieved immediately, and tfnot pre
 vented from walking by other ethoses, con go ua
 and down stairs m4Bip w ofat commencing treatment
 without four Ot trouble in regard to their original difr
 faulty. -To produce this almost instantaneous relief
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is performed. If ouy
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case tfaycan find f and me out veracity and shill.
 Our TERRS or* easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about oui
 system of treatment lor Lma diseases or any otbf)
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wil
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificatei
 of cure—official report of last year, fee., free o
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country,
 9. S.—Our room fe limited, therefore we warn
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pridi
 ourselves in curing whit others sire not forUftMM
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toHALSTEi
 pltd L J edlcal In »ctuie, Rochester, N. Y., pos
 Rxferencei.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, am
 Kev. O. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 Jonrt V. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saioot
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS juat recived. General* reduction
 in prices.
 Fine W Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine gpnd wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintt Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly nt
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.l
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price lew. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Twdltod Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitung Cotton, vaypus Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wmldine white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Renueu Loaf Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 r vn u gnr good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of (wintry merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken* by the Managers of die Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest confer Fifth and Cherry-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED.and for sale at the office ol
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87$ cts. in muslin,
 and 26 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal die-
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurat, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 6 cents.
Aitt-Slivery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and useAi
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J, Miller McKim. ft}-
“Every Mu his ewi Physiciai.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 far every family in the country, aad one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. _ As Us title page
 indicates, it ia “THE HOME JXftTTOR, or Fw2|
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and utfMM
 of Diseases; with aa account of the system wMMp
 health, aad rules for preserving that stole. Agjpfe
 dedto which are recipes for making various medi
 cines aad articles for diet for the lick room. The
 whole written for general use aad dailyfpraetice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, ia
 “THE HERB BOOK, n book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and donee, are, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, aad written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mat
 ed Botany, aad will famish on that point all the
 nesirod information wanted for general me
 The two books are pat up aad bound together aad
 contain 20® pages, price 26 cents, or sold separate
 1 at 12$ cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that one aaay be recognised from another, to ptv
 vent practising ia the dark; also the treatment, a
 •ketch of central physiology, and rales for i*—i
 oSSvatioo. oa SkSSZ
 maeas of avoiding dsfotanoua influences, and each
 oifay rsasxks M are do—ed bath
The hook bu hm written with front care, fci a
 plain, linplr, Common sense style easily ta bn
 danXnod by every person, nnd by n practical phyai
 cinn a«l a thorough botanist. Wn can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as bring a work superior
 in nil respect* to any other hook of thn kina ever
 publislied at the price.
 Families in the countiy, and especially (hone lie.
 iag in new countries nnd unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and hare it at nlPtimaa at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 aoaae simple remedy save an eipensi »e and nrctrne
 d c oc b U Whether well or sick, snch a hook
 ahotdd be in every bouse aa a ante and sere adviser
 ta tune of need, the direction given for peraona in
 hentth cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 Tbetmce at which the bock is told is so low that
 every family may here a copy, nnd noun sfcmkLhn
 without it.
 TT* book in put up i. Paper binding, nnd can
 enmly be sent by mail. Postage only «4 cents to Ay
 aart of the United States. 1
 W- Any person sending ns sue dollar by nmil.nnd
 pnd paying poatage.on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him fra* of pot age.
 Seud in your order*#, there in no rink in sending
 money by mail, it comae to us daily, and the books
 always reach th'V destination.
 9cp Four families can club together and send n
 Te four book to oue address.
 WANTED—A genu in most of the Btmles to sell
 this work, almost every family will pure ham it d
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from f2O
 to $6O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 VM*ptud, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-*, Rochester, N.Y
G. W, MERCHANT'S
 i: i f: h it t i,
 OA HOLING 011,1
 h oi; hoksi:s 1V in m\\ n &lt;u.\
 E i
UNPARALLED IN THE HIBTOKY OP
 MEDICINE
 Tl» MO J
 Remarkable External Appllcatfea
 E?er DtectverNi
 on the h.t of popular medici,*,,!«»», been before
 Hie public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of it* woe
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 prevented to the proprietor. It it worthy of aoe.
 ctal remark, that beside the great and extraordiZrv
 powdfc in the cure of 1
 diseases of the horse,
 in which IU virtues first attracted the ammian of
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the woader of the
 public generally, it has been .uecerefclfy employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which 7
 AFFLICT THE human RACE.
 JjiZTL? nd l ,h lo, °P h y. «art the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diaeases. Exneri
 ence of more than fourteen year* has nevertheless
 Pat faC i 7 hat rchant Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most ease* and relieve such as the follow,
 mg, among many others in the cure of whi.i, iti*
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completelv foiled
 RHEUMATISM PAINFUL NeVvOUS AF
 fections. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coras,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Btams,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Itc,
 Also a host of disease*
 in Horses &amp;ud other
 animals,such at
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney.
 MNtfZotfE,
 p o ii Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gails of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c, f&lt;.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa]
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celtgirated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargi'ng Oil ia
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians geVerally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at largo
 as a sale and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark,
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the ha«dv of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS Of HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use ®f Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 botses now in.use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will ba
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplivlied by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally ia the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also bv Post k Willis, Wm. Pitkim, L. B.
 Swam, Wimslow You no, H. D. Wads:
 Rochester.
 H It E Gaylord, Henderson It Pander son, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding It Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 k Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany;
 Hollister It Co, Buffalo; Greenman It Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris It Co, Troy, NY. July IS-luj
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Renew
 The North British Renew, the Wutmmrter Revuv,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period*
 wU tenders it needless to say much ia tlieir »*siat
 Am lii.ir.iy ar gun*, i boy mtond (hr in advance ot
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found ia works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; ami the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that'iiUeonJj,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact
 union of the two Reviews fanMwir r-""W®a*uu
 &lt;fie advantage by this combination of uniting hi out
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals aie reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British strainers,
 ia a beautiful clear type, on hoe white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact/ac-eimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 FBICE4 FOR 1849, (if SURBCRIRED FOR EARLY.)
 For nay one of the four Reviews, ft 00 per annum*
 For any two do 600
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 Epr Blackwood’s Magasine, 900
 For Blackwood aad the 2 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood ll the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all case* in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tht above works will
 •aid to one address on payment of the regular sue
 scrtptioß for three—the fourth eopy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Block wood’s Magasine secures to us surly sheets ot
 that work, by which we shall be able to pJsm the
 entire number in the heads of subscribers before any
 portion of it eaa be reprinted in say of the Americas
 Journals. For this aad other advantages ssrased to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consKforatioa, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price ot the Mega*
 line. Therefore we repast subset ilia early while
 the pries is lew.
 Reminsacee aad communications sbeaM alum
 be I draws ri .post-paid or freaked, to thepabidfar
 LEONARD SCOTT fa Co.
 ft Fullea fueet.New
