FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
VOL. 111. NO. 23.
The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 (Oppositethe Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a less term than
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspedks; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 tual improvement o! the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c,., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Eacli Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 yCj- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, inay
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 ytj* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.t. Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffuni, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyius Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven;
 Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennstlvania. —J. M. M’Kirn, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill,l49,
 80. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.— J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Ur&gt;ana, hampaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.'
 Illinois. Heniy O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
HORACE MANN’S REPLY TO HON.
 DANIEL WEBSTER.
 In a chronological order, I must now
 consider some vitally important views,
 which have been submitted by some
 members in the House, and by Mr.
 Webster and others in the Senate. In
 mentioning the name of this great
 statesman, and in avowing that 1 am
 one among the many whom his recent
 ly expressed opinions have failed to
 convince, it is due myself, however in
 different it may be to him or to his
 friends, that I should express ray ad
 miration of his powers, my gratitude
 for his past services, and the diffidence
 with which I disseuted,| at first, from
 his views. But J have pondered upon
 them long, and the longer I have pon
 dred the more questionable they ap
 pear. I shall therefore venture upon
 the perilous task of inquiring into their
 correctness; and while I do it with the
 deference and respect which|belong to
 his character, I tjhall do it also with
 that fidelity to conscience and to judg
 ment that belong to mine. He is great,
 but truth is greater then us all.
 I shall confine myself mainly, and
 wholly perhaps, to Mr. Webster’s
 views, because he has argued the
 cause of the South wilh vastly more
 ability than it has been argued by any
 one among themselves. If his conclu
 sions, then, be not tenable, their case
 is lost.*
 Mr. Webster casts away the “Pro
 viso” altogether. He says “if a reso
 lution or a law were now before us to
 provide a territorial government for
 New Mexico, I would not vote to put
 any prohibition into it whatever.” p.
 55. The reason given is, that slavery
 is already excluded from “California
 and New Mexico” “by the law of na
 ture, of physical geography, the law of
 the formation of tha earth ;”p. 42.
 California and New Mexico are Asiatic
 in their formation and scenery. They
 are composed of vast ridges of moun
 tains of enormous height, with broken
 ridges and deep valleys;” p. 43.
 Now this is drawing moral conclu
 sions from physical premises. It is
 arguing from physics to metaphysics.
 It is determiuing the law of the spirit by
 geographical phenomena. It is under
 taking to settle by mountains and
 rivers, and not by the Ten Command
 ments, a great question of human duty.
 It abandons the secondcommandment of
 Christ, and all Bills of Rights enacted
 in conformity thereto, and leaves our
 obligations to our “neighbor” and all
 human rights to be determined by the
 accidents of earth and water and air.
 To ascartain whether a people will
 obey the command of Christ, and do
 to others as they would be done by, it
 looks at the thermometer. What a
 problem would this be? “Required
 the height above the level of the sea,
 At which the oppressor ‘will undo the
 heavy burdens and let the oppressed
 So free,, and break every yoke’— to be
 etermined barometrically.” Alas! this
 cannot be done.—Slavery depends, not
 upon climate, but upon conscience.
 Wherever the wicked passions of the
 human heart can go, there slavery can
 go. Slavery is an effect. Avarice,
 ■loth, pride, and the love of domination
 are its cause. In ascending mountain
 •idee, at what altitude do men leave
 these passions behind them? Different
 *4ll fuy quotations fr«*» Mr. W.bsUr an takes
 frost tbs edition of bis spesdi which he dedicat'd
 to tbs “People of MessecliueetU.” Amo.e the
 ■—owns reediafs which bare appeared, I suppose
 (Us to he the meet authentic.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX— TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
vegetable growths are to be found at
 different heights, depending also upon
 the zone. This I can understand.
 There is the altitude of the palrn, the
 altitude of the oak, tbe 4 altitude of the
 pine, and far above them all the line
 of perpetual snow. But in regard to
 ionocence and guilt, where is the white
 line? How high up can a slaveholder
 go and not lose his free agency At
 what elevation will the whip fall from
 the hand of the master, and the fetters
 from the limbs of the slave There is no
 such point. Freedom and slavery nn
 the one band, and climate and geology
 on the other, are incommensurable
 quantities. We might as well attempt
 to determine a question[in theology by
 the cube root, or a question in ethics
 by the Black Art. Slavery .being a
 crime founded upon human passions,
 can go wherever these passions are
 unrestrained. It has existed in Asia
 from the earliest ages, notwithstanding
 its “formation and scenery.” It labors
 and groans on the banks of the Ural
 mountains now. There are to-day
 48,000,000 slaves in Russia, not one
 rood of which comes down so low as
 the Northern boundary of California
 and New Mexico.
 Sould it be said that slavery will nto
 go into the new territories, because it
 is unprofitable, I ask, where is it profit
 able? Where is ignorance so profit-*
 able as knowledge? W T here is ungodli
 ness, gain, even for the things of this
 life? How little is the hand worth, at
 one end of an arm, if there is not a
 brain at the other? Does not Maryland,
 Virginia, North Carolina, and other
 States lurnish witnesses by thousands
 and tens of thousands, that slavery
 impoverishes? Yet with what enthusi
 asm they cherish it! Generally, igno
 rance is a necessary concomitant of
 slavery. Of white persons over 20
 years ago, unable to read and write,
 there were, according to the last cen
 sus, 58.757 in Virginia, 50,609 in
 North Carolina, 58,513 in Tennessee,
 and so forth. I have a letter before
 me, received this morning, dated in
 Indiana, in which the writer says he
 removed from North Carolina in 1802,
 when he was 14 years old, and at that
 time he had never seen a newspaper in
 his life. Can there bo genius, the in
 ventive talent, or profitable labor,
 where ignorance is so dense? Can the
 oppression that tramples out voluntary
 industry, intelligence, enterprise, and
 the desire of independence, conduce to
 riches?—Yet this is done wherever
 slavery exists, and is part and parcel of
 its working. Is any other form of rob
 bing profitable? Yet individuals and
 communities have practiced it and
 lived by it, and we may as well rely
 upon a “law of physical geography” to
 arrest the one as the other. It is not
 poetry, but literal truth, that the breath
 of the slave blasts vegetation, his tears
 poison the earth, and his groans strike
 it with sterility. It would be easy to
 show why the master does not abandon
 slavery, even amid the desolation with
 which it has surrounded him. There
 is a combination of poverty and pride,
 which slavery produces on thejdoctrine
 of natural appetence, and which, there
 fore, it exactly fits. The helplessness
 of the master in regard to all personal
 wants, seems to necessitate the slavery
 that has begotten it. All moral and
 religious principles are lowered till
 they conform to the daily practice.
 Custom blinds conscience, until, with
 out any attempt to emancipate or
 ameliorate their victims, man can
 preach and hold slaves, as Yorick
 jests and sings over gravedigging.
 But slavery cannot go into California
 or New Mexico, because their staple
 productions are not “tobacco, cane,
 cotton, or rice,” (p. 44.) These are
 agricultural products. But is slave
 labor confined to agriculture? Suppose
 that predial slavery will not |become
 common in the new territories. Can
 not mental? If slaves cannot do field
 work, cannot they do house-work?
 There is an opening for 100,000 slaves
 to-day, in the new territories, for pur
 poses of domestic labor. And beyond
 this, let me ask, who possesses any
 such geological vision that at the dis
 tance of a thousand miles he can pene
 trate the the valleys and gorges of
 New Mexico; and say that gold will
 not yet be found there as it is in Cali
 fornia—not in sand and gravel only,
 but in forty-eight pounders and fifty
 sixes? This is the very kind of labor
 on which slaves, in all time, have been
 so extensively employed—the very la
 bor on which a million of slaves in His
 paniola lost their lives, within a few
 years after its discovery by Columbus.
 Gold deposites are now worked within
 25 miles of Santa Fe. The last account
 which I have seen, of a company of
 emigrants passing iron/* Santa Fe to
 California, by the riveftlfeila, announ
 ces rich discoveries of gold upon that
 river.
 A fellow citizen of mine has just re
 turned home, who says he saw a slave
 sold at the mines in California, in
 September last. As, yet, the distant
 regions of the Gila and the Colorado
 cannot be worked, because of the
 Apaches, the Utah, and other tribes of
 Indians. But admit slavery there, and
 the power of the government will be
 invoked to exterminate these Indians,
 as it was before to exterminate the
 Cherokees and Seminole*—not to drive
 them beyond the Mississippi, but be
 yond the Styx. A few days since a
 letter was published in the papers,
 dated on board a steamer descending
 the .Mississippi, which stated that a
 considerable number of slaves were on
 board, for California, under an agree
 ment with their master that they should
be free after serving two years at the
 mines. We know, too, that the reasoD
 assigned for incorporating a provision
 in the constitution of California, au
 thorising its Legislature to pass a law
 for the exclusion of free blacks from
 the States was, that slaves would
 be brought there under this very form
 of agreement, and by aod by, the coun
 try would be overspread by people ot
 color who bad bought tbeir freedom.
 The sagacious men who framed the
 California constitution came from ail
 P&amp;i'tii of the territory) and, being col
 lected on the spot, having surveyed
 all its mountains, having breathed its
 air at all temperatures, and turned up
 its golden soil, —these men had never
 discovered any “law of physioal
 geography” which the fell spirit of
 slavery could not transgress. Slaves
 were carried into Oregon, ten degrees
 of latitude higher up. Its colonists re
 enacted the Ordinance of 1787, before
 Congress gave them a territorial gov
 ernment. In the territorial govern
 ment that was given them, the prohibi
 tion was inserted; and President Polk
 signed the bill with an express protest,
 that he ratified this exclusion of slavery
 only because the country lay north of
 the Missouri compromise line—but that
 had it embraced the very region in
 question, he would have vetoed the
 bill.
 Gen. Cass never took the ground
 that slavery could not exist in the new
 territories; and no inconsiderable part
 of the opposition made by him in Mas
 sachusetts and in other States, was
 placed expressly upon the ground that
 he would not prohibit it. Mr. Webs
 ter, In his Marshfield speech, Sept. 1,
 1848, opposed the election of Gen.
 Cass, because, through his recreancy
 to Northern principles, slavery would
 invade the territories. This was ex
 pressed with the usual clearness and
 force, as follows:
 “He [Gen. Cass,] will surely have
 the Senate; and with the patronage of
 the government, with every interest
 that he, as a Northern man, can bring
 to bear, co-operating with every in
 terest that the South can bring to bear,
 we cry safety before we are out of the
 woods, if we feel that there is no dan
 ger as to those new territories.”
 Yet Mr. Webster now sa&gt;s that to
 support the “Proviso,” would “do dis
 grace to his own understanding.” (p.
 46.)
 During the same campaign, also,
 the Hon. Rufus Choate, one of the
 mosi eloquent men in New England,
 and known to be a personal friend of
 Mr. Webster, delivered a speech at
 Salem, in which the following passage
 occurs:—
 “It is the passage of a law to say
 that California and New Mexico shall
 remain forever free. That is fellow
 citizens, undoubtedly, an object of
 great and transcendent importance;
 for there is none who will deny that
 we should go up to the very limits of
 the Constitution itself, and with the
 wisdom of the wisest and the zeal of
 the most zealous, should unite to ac
 complish this great object, and to de
 feat the always detested, and forever
 to be detested, object of the dark ambi
 tion of that candidate of the Baltimore
 Convention, who has ventured to
 pledge himself in advance that he will
 veto the future law of freedom; and
 may God avert the madness of all who
 hate slavery and love freedom, that
 would unite in putting him in the place
 where this thrice accursed pledge inay
 be redeemed! .Is
 there a Whig upon this floor who
 doubts that the strength of the Whig
 party next March, will insure freedom,
 to California and New Mexico, if by
 the Constitution they are entitled to
 freedom at all? Is there a member of
 Congress that would not vote for free
 dom? You know there is not one.
 Did not every Whig member of Con
 gress from the free States vote at the
 last session for freedom? You know
 that every man returned home covered
 with the thanks of his constituents for
 that vote. Is there a single Whig
 constituency in any free. State in this
 country, that would return any man
 that would not vote for freedom? Do
 you believe that Daniel Webster him
 self could be returned, if there was the
 least doubt upon the question?”
 Mr. Choate then adds:—“Upon this
 question, alone we always difler from
 those Whigs of the South; and on that
 one, we propose simply to vote him
 down.” Mr. Webster now says he
 will not join in voting them down.
 Under such circumstances it is
 frivolous or captious to ask for some
 thing more than dogmatic assertion
 that slavery cannot impregnate these
 new regions, and cause them to breed
 monsters forever
 On a subject of such infinite impor
 tance I cannot be satisfied with a dic
 tum I want a demonstration. I cannot
 acceptthe prophecy without inquiring
 what spirit inspired the prophet. As a
 revelation from heaven it would bn
 most delightful; but as it conflicts with
 all human experience, it requires at
 least one undoubted miracle to attest
 the divinity of its orgm.
 According to the last census, there
 were more than eight thousand persons
 of African blood in Massachusetts.
 Abolish the moral and religious con
 victions of our people, let slavery ap
 pear to be in their sight not only law
 ful and creditable, but desirable as a
 badge of aristocratic distinction, and
 a« a “political, social, moral, and re
 ligions blessing,” and what obstacle
 would prevent these eight thousand
 persons from being turned into slaves,
 ton anj day, by the easy, cheap and
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1850.
short-hand kidnapping of a legislative
 act? Africans can exist here for th&lt;
 best of all realona,—they do exisi
 here, k state af slavery would not
 stop their rospiidtion, nor cause then
 to vanish “intofhin air.” Think, foi
 a moment, of this complaints we con
 stantly hear in certain circles, of th«
 difficulty and vaxatiousness of com
 manding domestic service. If no mora
 or religious objection existed againsl
 holding slaves, would not many oi
 those respectable and opulent gentle
 men who signed the letter of thanks to
 Mr. Webster, and hundreds of other*
 indeed, instead of applying to intelli
 gence offidfs, or visiting emigrant
 ships, for domestics, as we cell them,
 go at once to the auction-room, an&lt;3
 buy a man or a woman, with as little
 hesitancy or compunction as they now
 send to Brighton ior beeves, or to Tat
 tersall’s for a horse? If the cold of the
 higher latitudes checks the flow ol
 African blosd, or benumbs African
 limbs, the slaveholder knows very well
 that a trifling extra expense for whips
 will make up foible difference.
 But suppose a doubt could be rea
 sonably entertained about the invasion
 of the new territories by slavery. Even
 suppose the chances to preponderate
 against it. What then? Are we to
 submit a question of human liberty,
 over yast regions and for an indefinite
 extent of tine, to the determination ol
 chance? With all my faculties 1 say
 No! Let me ask any man, let me re
 spectfully ask Mr. Webster himself, if
 it were his own father and mother,
 and brothers and sisters, and sons and
 daughters, who were in peril of such
 a fate, whether he would abandon
 them to chance, —even to a favorable
 chance. Would he suffer their fate to
 bedetermiied by dice or divination,
 when positive prohibition was in his
 power? Asd by what rule of Christian
 morality, or even of enlightened hea
 then morality, can we deal differently
 with the kindred of others from what
 we would with our own? He is not a
 Christian whose humanity is bounded
 by the legal degrees of blood, or by
 general types of feature.
 But Mr. Webster would not “taunt”
 the South. Neither would I. I would
 not taunt any honorable man, much
 less a criminal. Still, when the most
 precious interests of humanity are in
 peril, 1 would not be timid. I would
 not stop too long to cull lovers’ phrases.
 Standing under the eye of God, in the
 forumof the world and before the august
 tribunal of posterity, when the litigants
 are Freedom and Tyranny, and human
 happiness and human misery, the prize
 they contest, it should happen to the
 sworn advocates of Liberty, as Quin
 tiilian says it did to Isocrates, “not
 to speak and to plead, bnt to thunder
 and to lighten.” Mr. Webster would
 not taunt the South; and yeti say the
 South were never so iusulted before
 as he has insulted them. Common
 scoffs, jeers, and vilifications, are flat
 tery and scophancy, compared with the
 indignities he heaped upon them. Look
 at the facts. The South waged war
 with Mexico from one and only one
 motive; for one and only one object—
 the extension of Slavery. They refused
 peace unless the surrendered territory.
 That territory must be south of the ab
 horred line of 36 deg. 30 min. The
 sumc President who abandoned the
 broad belt of country on our northern
 frontier, from 40 deg. to 54 deg. 40m.
 to which we had, in his own words,
 “an unquestionable title,” would allow
 no prohibition of slavery to be imposed
 upon the territory which Mexico ceded,
 though she would bury it a foot deep
 in gold. The Proviso had been resis
 ted in all forms, from the beginning.
 Southern Whigs voted against the
 ratification of the treaty, foreseeing the
 struggle that was to follow. Desperate
 efforts were made to smuggle in an
 unrestricted territorial government,
 against all parliamentary-rule and all
 constitutional implication. The whole
 South, as one man, claimed it as a
 “describabie, weighable, estimable,
 tangible,” and most valuable “right,”
 to carry Slaves there. Calhoun, Ber
 rien, Badger, Mason, Davis, —the
 whole Southern phalanx, Whig and
 Democrat, pleaded for it, argued for it
 and most of them declared themselves
 ready to fight for it; and yet Mr. Web
 ster rises in his place and tells them
 they are alt moon-struck, hallucinated,
 fatuous, because “an ordinance of Na
 iure asd the will of God” had settled
 this question from the beginning of the
 World. Mr. Calhoun said, immediately
 after this speech, “Give us free scops
 and time enough, and we will take
 care of the rest.”
 Mr. Mason said
 “We have .heard here from various
 quarters, and from high quarters, and
 repeated on all hands—repeated here
 again to-day by the honorable Senator
 from Illinois, (Mr. Shields,) that there
 is a law of nature which excludes the
 Southern people from every portion of
 the State of California. I know of no
 such law of nature—none whatever;
 but 1 do know the contrary, that if
 California had been organized with a
 Territorial form of Government only,
 and for which, at the last two sessions
 of Congress, she has obtained the en
 tire Soutnern vote, the people of the
 Southern Stetes would have gone there
 freely, and have taken their slaves
 there in great numbers. They would
 have done ao because the value of the
 labor of that class would have been
 augmented to them many hundredfold.
 Whv, in the debates which took place
 in the Convention in California, which
 formed the Constitution, and which
 any Senator can now read for himself,
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
after the provision excluding Slaver]
 was agreed upon it was proposed t&lt;
 prohibit the African race altogether
 free as well as bond. A debate aros&lt;
 upon it; and the ground was distinctly
 taken, as shown in those debates, thai
 if the entire African race was not ex
 cluded, their labor would be found st
 valuable that the owners of slavet
 would bring them there, even thougl
 Slavery were prohibited, a under con
 tract to manumit them in two or three
 years. And it required very little rea
 soning on the part of those opposed tc
 this class of population, to show that
 the productiveness of their labor would
 be such as to cause that result. An
 estimate was gone into with reference
 to the value of the labor of this class oi
 people, snowing that it would be in
 creased to such an extent in the mines
 of California, that they could not be
 kept out. It was agreed that the labor
 of a slave in any one of the States from
 which they would be taken, was not
 worth more than one hundred and fifty
 dollars a year, and that in California
 it would be worth from four to six
 thousand dollars. They would work
 themselves free in one or two years,
 and thus the country would be filled by
 a class of free blacks, and their former
 owners have an excellent bargain in
 bringing them there.”
 Yet Mr. Webster stands up before
 all this array, and says: “Gentlemen,
 you are beside yourselves. You have
 eaten hellebore. You would look
 more in character should you put on
 the ‘cap and bells.’ In sober sense,
 in seeing his object clearly and in pur
 suing it directly, Don Q.uixote| was
 Dr. Franklin, compared with you.
 The dog in the fable, who dropped his
 meat to snap at its shadow, is no al
 legory in your case. I see two classes
 around me—wise men and fools; you
 do not belong to the former. The
 Chancellor who keeps the king’s idiots
 should have custody of you.” Such
 is a faithful abstract of what Mr. Web
 ster said to Southern Senators, and
 through them to all the South.
 Here certainly was u reflection upon
 the understanding and intelligence ol
 the South, such as never was cast on
 them before. But the balm went with
 the sting. They bore the affront to
 their judgments, because it was so
 grateful to their politics and pockets.
 1 think it no injustice to those Senators
 to say, that they would have nearly
 torn him in pieces for such a collective
 insult, if it had not added fifty per
 cent, to their individual property,- and
 secured and perpetuated their political
 ascendency.
 To help our conceptions in regard
 to Mr. Webster’s course on this sub
 ject, let us imagine a parallel case, —or
 rather, an approximate one, for there
 can be no parallel. Suppose a contest
 between the North and the South, on
 the subject of the Tariff, to have been
 raging for years. The sober blood of
 the North is heated to the fever point.
 The newspapers treat of nothing else.
 —Public meeting’s and private conver
 sation discuss no other theme. Hun
 dreds of delegatee wait upon Congress,
 to add if it be but a feather’s weight,
 to the scale which holds their interests.
 Petitions flow in, in thousands and tens
 of thousands. It is announced that
 Mr. Calhoun will pour out his great
 mind on the subject. Expectation is
 on tiptoe. All eyes, from all sides of
 the country, are turnedfowards Wash
 ington, as the Muazziu’s is to Mecca.
 The Senate chamber is packed, and
 the illustrious Senator rises. After a
 historic sketch of existing difficulties;
 after reading from the speeches which
 he made in 1832, and in 1846,.he pro
 ceeds to flay that he withdraws all op
 position to a tariff, to any tariff! He
 will not offend the delicate nerves of
 Northern manufacturers, by further
 hostility. Were a bill then before
 him he would not oppose it. “Take
 the schedules,” says he scornfully, to
 Northern Senators,” and fill up the
 blanks from A to Z with what percent
 ages you please. For ad valorem rates
 put in nunimums and maximum*, at
 your pleasure. 1 will ‘taunt’ you no
 longer, I am for peace and the
 glorious Union. I have discovered an
 irrepealable and irreversible law of
 nature, which overrules all the devices
 of men. You cannot make one yard
 of woolens or cottons in New England.
 There, water has no gravity, steam has
 no force, and wheels will not revolve.
 In Vermont and New York, wool will
 not grow on sheep’s backs. I have
 penetrated the geology of Pennsyl
 vania, and through all iu straii£o«
 tions, there is not a thimble-full of coal,
 nor an ounce of iron ore; and, if there
 wrre, combustion would not help to
 forge it; for oxygen and carbon are di
 vorced. As Massachnsetts contributed
 one-third of the men and one-third of
 the money, to carry on the Revolution
 ary War, I am willing [to compensate
 her for her lost blood and treasure, to
 the amount ofhundreds of millions of
 dollars, with which she ma.y fertilize
 the barrenness of her genius, and in
 dulge her insane love for churches and
 schools.” Had the great Southern
 Senator spoken thus, 1 think that even
 idolatrous, manworshipping South
 Carolina—a State which Mr. Calhoun
 has ruled and moved for the last twen
 ty-five years, as a puppet-show man
 plays Punch and Judy—would have
 sent forth through all her organs, a
 voice of unanimous dissent.
 As much as Freedom is higher than
 Tariff, so much stronger than their
 dissent should be ours.
 Mr. Webster’s averment that he
 would not “re-effirm an ordinance of
 Nature, nor re-enact the will of God,"
[p. 44] has been commented on mor&lt;
 pungently than 1 am able or willini
 to do. It has been said that all lav
 and all volition must be in harmonj
 with the will of the Good Spirit 01
 with that of the Evil One; and, if w&lt;
 will not re-enact the will of the former,
 theu either all legislation ceases, pr w&lt;
 must register the decrees of the latter.
 But one important and pertinent cons'i&lt;J
 belongs to this subject, which J
 have nowere seen developed. It is
 this: Endless doubts and contradiction*
 exist among men, as to what is the
 will of God; and on no subject is there
 a wider diversity of opinion than on
 this very subject ef-slavery. Whose
 law wasjre-enacted by
 of 1787? whose, when the African
 slave-trade was prohibited? whose
 when it was declared piracy True,
 it is useless to put upon our statute
 books an astronomical law, regulating
 sunrise, or high tides; but that is phy
 sical and beyond the jurisdiction of
 man, while slavery belongs to morals,
 and is within the jurisdiction of man.
 Cease to transcribe upon the statute
 book what our wisest and best men
 believe to be the will of Ged in regard
 to our worldly affairs, and the passions
 which we think appropriate to devils
 will soon take possession of society.
 In regard to slavery, piracy, and so
 forth, their are multitudes of men,
 whose fear of the penal sanctions of
 another life is very much aided by a
 little salutary fine and imprisonment
 in this. Look at the noble array of
 principles which is contained in the
 Declaration of Rights in the Constitu
 tion of Massachusetts. Is it not a
 most grand and beautiful exposition of
 “the will of God,” —a transcript, as it
 were, from the book of Life? So of
 the amendments to the Constitution ol
 the United States. Yet our fathers
 thought it no tampering with holy
 things to enact them; and, in times of
 struggle and peril, they have been to
 many a tempted man as an anchor to the
 soul, sure and steadfast.
 I approach Mr. Webster’s treat
 ment of the Texas question, with no
 ordinary anxiety. Having been ac
 customed from my very boyhood to re
 gard him as the almost infallible ex
 pounder of constitutioual law, it is im
 possible to describe the struggle, the
 revulsion of mind, with which I have
 passed from an instructed and joyous
 acquiescence in his former opinions, to
 unhesitating dissent from his present
 ones.
 I must premise that I cannot See
 any necessary or beneficial connection
 between the subject of new Texan
 States and the admission of California
 and the government of the territories.
 The former refers to some indefinite
 future, when, from its fruitful womb o
 slavery, Texas shall seek to castf
 forth its untimely birth. In this excit
 ed state of the country—at this critical
 juncture ef our affairs, when there is
 sober talk of massacreing a majority
 of the House ol Representatives, on
 their own floor, and a Senator, instead
 of threatening to hang a brother Sen
 ator on the highest tree, provided he
 could catch him in his own State, now
 draws a revolver of six barrals on an
 other brather Senator, on the floor of
 the Senate, in mid session;—at such a
 -time, I say, when, however few Abels
 there may be at work in the political
 field, there are Cains more than
 enough, would it not have been well
 to have said, "Sufficient unto the day
 is the evil therefore
 As the basis of this argument, Mr.
 Wsbster quotes the following resolu
 tion:
 "New States of convenient size, not
 exceeding four in number, in addition
 to said State of Texas, and having suf
 ficient population, may hereafter, by
 the consent of said State, be formed
 eut of that portion of said territory ly
 ing south 36 30 north latitude, com
 monly known as the Missouri compro
 mise line, shall be admitted into the
 Union with or without slavery, as the
 people of each Stale asking admission
 may desire; and in such State or
 States as shall be formed out of said
 territory north of said Missouri com
 promise line, slavery, or involutary
 servitude N except for crime) shall be
 prohibited,”
 Note here, first, that only "four”
 States are to be admitted in "addition
 to said State of Texas;” and second,
 that "such State or States (in the
 plural) as shall be formed from
 territory North of 36deg. 30min. shall
 be free. If two, or only one free State
 is &lt;o exist on tb* wsult mi Am mf tbs lino,
 then how many will be left for the south
 side? 1 should expose myself to ridi
 cule were 1 to set down arithmetically,
 four minus one, equal to three. Yet
 Mr. Webster says, "the guaranty is,
 that new States shall be made out of it
 [the Texan territory] and that such
 States as are formed out of that por
 tion ofTexas, lying south of 36deg.
 30min., may come in as slave States,
 to the number of four, in addition to
 the State then in existence, and ad
 mitted at that time by these resoiu
 tions,” p. 39.
 Here Mr. Webster gives outright,
 to the South and to slavery, one more
 State than was contracted lor,-.assum
 ing the contract to be valid. He
 makes rdonation, a gratuity, of an en
 tire slave State, larger than many a
 European principality. He transfers
 a whole State, with all its beating
 hearts, present and future, with all its
 infinite susceptibilities of weal or woe,
 from the side ot freedom to that of sla
 very, in the leger-book of humanity.
 Wlfat a-bridal gift for the harlot o
JOHN DICK, Funtb*
WHOLE NO. 127.
Was not the bargain hard enough,
 according to its terms? Must we ful
 fil it, and go beyond it? Is a slare
 State, which dooms our brethren of tha
 human race, perhaps interminably, to
 the vassal’s/ate, so insignificant a trifle,
 that it may be flung in, as small
 change on the settlement of an ac
 count? Has the South been so gen
 erous a copartner, as to deserve this
 distinguished token of our gratitude?
 Why, by a parity of reasoning could
 he not have claimed all the four States,
 "in addition to said State of Texas,”
 as free States? The resolutions di
 vide the territory into two parts, onu
 north and one south of the line of 36
 deg. 30min. Could not Mr. Webster
 have claimed four States lor free
 dom with as sound logic, and with far
 bettor humanity than he surrendered
 them to slavery? When Texas and
 the South have got their slave States
 "to the number of four” inte tho Union,
 whence are we to obtaiu our one or
 more free States? The contract will
 have been executed, and the consent
 of Texas for another State will be
 withheld.
 Notwithstanding all this, Mr. Web
 ster affirms the right of slavery to four
 more States, in the following words:
 “1 know no form of legislation which
 can strengthen this. I know no mode
 of recognition that can add a tittle of
 weight to it.” Catching the tone of his
 asservation, I respond, that I know no
 form of statement, nor process of rea
 soning, which can make’ it more clear
 that this is an absolute and wanton
 surrender of the rights of the North,
 and the rights of humanity.
 But I hold the Texan resolutions to
 have been utterly void; and proceed to
 give the reason for my opinion.
 I begin by quoting Mr. Webster
 against himself. In an Address to the
 people of the United States, from the
 Mass. Anti-Texas Sfate Convention,
 Jan. 29th 1845, the subjoined passage,
 which is understood, or rather, I may
 say, is now well known, to have been
 dictated by Mr. Webster himself, may
 be found:
 “But we desire not to be misunder
 stood. According to our convictions,
 there is no power in any branch of the
 Government, or all its branches, to an
 nex foreign territories to this Union.
 We have made the foregoing remarks
 only to show, that, if any fair consti
 tution could show such a power to ex
 ist anywhere, or to be exercised in
 any form, yet the manner of its exer
 cise now proposed, is destitute of all de
 cent semblance of constitutional proprie
 ty”
 Thus cancelling the authority of Mr.
 Webster in 1850 by the authority of
 Webster in 1845, I proceed with the
 argument,
 Though the annexation of Texas waa
 in pursuance of a void stipulation, yet
 it is a clear principle of law that when
 a contract void between the parties,
 has been executed by them, it cannot
 then be annulled. If executed, it be
 comes valid, not by virtue of the con
 tract, but by virtue of the execution.
 I bow to this legal principle, and would
 fulfil it. But any independent stipu
 lation which remains unexecuted, re
 mains invalid. Such is that part of the
 annexation resolutions which provides
 for the admission of a brood of Texan
 states. The resolutions themselves say
 in express terms, that the new states
 are to be admitted “under the pro
 visions ot the Federal Constitution;”
 and the Constitution says, “New States
 may be admitted by the Congress into
 this Union.” By what Congress t
 Plainly, by the Congress, in session,
 at the time when application for ad
 mission is made; and by no other. The
 fourth Texan state inay not be ready
 for admission for fifiy years to come;
 and could the Congress of 1845, bind
 the Congress of 1900? The Congress
 of 1900, and all future Congresses,
 will derive their authority from the Con
 stitution of the United States, and not
 from any preceding Congress. Put
 the case in a negative form. Could the
 Congress of 1845 bind all future Con
 gress not to admit new states, and thus,
 protanto, annul the Constitution? Posi
 tive or negative, the result is the same.
 No previous Congress, on such a sub
 ject, can enlarge or limit the power of
 a subsequent one. Whenever, there
 fore, the question of a new Texan state
 comes up for consideration, the Con
 gress then in being must decide it on
 its own merits, untrammelled by any
 thing the predecessors have done; es
 pecially free from a law which, while
 im spirit, fa tnousand times
 more odious in principle than aftntuea
 of mortmain.
 Admitting that a future Congress,
 on such a subject, might be bound by
 a treaty, 1 answer that here was no
 treaty; while the fact that a treaty
 clause was introduced into the resolu
 tions, in the Senate, for the sake of
 obtaining certain votes that would nev
 er otherwise have been given in their
 favor, and under an express pledge
 from the Executive that the method
 by treaty should be adopted, which
 pledge was forthwith iniquitously bro
 ken, leaves no element of baseness and
 fraud by which this proceeding was
 not contaminated. In the name of the
 Constitution, then, and of juaticp, let
 every honest roan denounce those res
 olutions as void, alike in the forum of
 law and in the forum of conscience;
 and, admitting Texae herself in the
 Union, yet, when application is made
 for any new state from that territory,
 let the question be decided upon the
 merits k may then possess.
 There is another objection to any fu«
 tare claim of Texas to be divided inte
