XXXIit Congress.—l»
 Washington, Monday, June 6.
 Mr Webster submitted to the senate a
 bill amendsitory of the act of 1793, relating to
 rhe reclamation of fugitive slaves, which he
 aaid he prepared last February, after much
 deliberation, and which he had altered in no
 particular since it was then drafted. The
 bill was ordered to be primed.
 Mr. Seward presented the proceedings of
 a meeting of the citizens of Syracuse, ex
 pressive of their viewß of the question now
 before Congress-relative to Slavery and the
 admission of California. Laid on the table,
 and a motion to print referred to tbe Com
 mittee on Printing.
 Mr. Dickinson submitted a few remarks in
 derogation of the Free Soil meeting from
 which these proceedings emanated.
 Mr. Foote presented the credentials of
 Jefferson Davis, elected a Senator from Mis
 sissippi for the. full term of lrom
 the 4th of March next.
 Mr. Rusk, from the Post office C ommittee,
 reported a bill to reduce the rates of postage.
 A message was received from the Presi
 dent in' answer to a communication of tbe
 Senate relative to the late Cuban Expedition,
 which was laid on the table.
 Mr. Davis of Miss called up the resolution
 ofinquryin relation to the Round Island
 Expedition, which was taken up and
 passed.
 Mr. Clarke submitted a resolution of in
 quiry in relation to to the payment ot non
 payment of instalments due the United States
 under the Treaty of 1841, with Peru. Adop
 ted.
 On motion of Mr. Clay, the Senate took
 up the Omnibus bill.
 Mr. Soule laid on the the table, to have
 printed, the following amendment, which he
 designs proposing as a substitute for the first
 three sections of the bill:
 “Be it enacted, That as soon as Califor
 nia shall have passed, in Convention, an ordi
 nance providing that ehe relinquishes all title
 or claim to tax, dispose of, or in any way to
 interfere with the primary disposal by the
 United States of the public domain within
 her limits—that she will noCinterpose her au
 thority and powei, so as to disturb or impede
 any contrel which the United States may
 deem advisable to exercise over such district
 in the mining regions, either now discovered
 or to be discovered hereafter, as may be in
 cluded in any lawful grant made to private
 individuals or to Corporations prior to the
 cession of California to the United States;
 that the lands of the non-residents shall never
 be taxed higher than those of residents—
 that the navigable waters shall be open and
 free to all citizens of the United States, those
 of California included, and that her Southern
 limits shall be restricted to the Missouri
 Compromise line 36deg. 30m. North lat. and
 as soon as she shall have produced to the
 President of the United States satisfactory
 and authentic evidence that the terms set forth
 above have been fully and exactly complied
 with, the President of the United States be
 ard is hereby autnonzed and requested with
 out any further action on the part of Congress
 to issue his Proclamation declaring that Cali
 fornia is and she shall be admitted into the
 Union upon an equal footing with the origi
 nal States in all respects whatever.
 Sec. 2 Be it enacted, That such portion of
 the revenue collected in the porta of Califor
 nia as may remain unexpended at the time of
 the issuing of the President’s proclamation,
 as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the said
 State of California.
 Sec. 3. Be it ereted, That the Senators
 and Representative electe4, now before Con
 gress from the said State of California, shall
 be entitled to receive, and shall receive the.
 mileage and the per diem pay allowed to the
 delegates from the Sgrruory of Oregon, from
 the day that the rawsage of the President
 transmitting the Constitution of California
 was received t»v Congress.
 Sec. 4. Be it enacted, That* the country
 lying between the 36deg. 30mo. of north lati
 tude, and the bouddary line between Mexico
 and the United States, established by the
 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and extending
 from the Pacific to the Sierra Madre, shall
 continue a Teiritoiy under the name of “the
 Territory of Sou th-Carolina,” and shall he
 organized as such under the provisions of the
 bill applying to tbe Territory of Utah, chang
 ing, names where they ought to be changed
 in all respects whatsoever, and shall, when
 ready, able and willing to become a State,
 and desiring to be such, be admitted into the
 Union with or without Slavery as the people
 therein may desire and make known through
 their constituents.
 Mr. Clay expressed his gratification at this
 manifestation of a disposition on the part of
 those who opposed the bill to present their
 contra project, instead of objecting, and say
 ing that because they are in the minority
 they will make no proposition.
 The Vice President stated the question up
 on Mr. Chase’s amendment amending Mr.
 Davis’s (of Miss.) amendment, permitting
 the Territorial Legislatures to pass laws pro
 tecting property ot every kind, which now
 exists, or may hereafter be introduced, in the
 Territories, conformably with tbe Constitu
 tion and laws of the United States, so as to
 declare said amendment shall not be con
 structed so as to imply that Slavery exists,
 or can be introduced in said Territories by
 the said Constitution and laws.
 -Mr. Douglass opposed both "the amend
 ments upon the ground that they violated the
 principle of non-intervention, declared in the
 Niichoiwn letter: if either of these amend
 ments were adopted, he did not see how those
 who had heretofore assumed the position
 stated in that letter could vote for the bill.
 Mr. Downs said that if the interpretation of
 the Nicholson letter given by Mr. Douglass
 was the true one, it took away the whole
 ground upon which the South supported it.
 The amendment submitted by Mr. Chaae was
 in effect the Wilmot Proviso.
 Mr. Chase defended his amendment; it wa3
 not the Wilmot Proviso, as had been stated
 by several Senators, but really an explanation
 of Mr. Davis’s amendment, designed to ren
 der its terms definite, and not liable to diver
 sity of interpretation, according to the section
 in which interpreted.
 Mr. Davis said his amendment was not
 destined to carrv any implication as to what
 species of property; there was very little dif
 ference between deciding the rights of pro
 perty, and protecting them when they exist.
 In reply, Mr. Douglass said, that the
 difference between that Senator and huuseli
 was, simply, as to who were the people. The
 Senator applied the term to the inhabitants
 of the Territories, while he (Mr. Davis) ap
 plied it to those inhabitants only, alter sover
 eignty had been given them by Congress.
 Mr. Douglass, in concluding a tew words
 in reply, declared that if the question of
 Slavery was touched in any way, manner or
 shape in the bill, it could not pass the
 Seriate.
 After some further debate by Mr. Walker
 and Jefferson Davis,
 Mr. Butler defended the amendment sub
 mitted by the latier; neither you nor the
 Senator proposing it. declared that Slavery
 exists in the Territories; or shall go there;
 the Senator never said it should go there; he
 did contend, however, and propose by hie
 amendment, that if Slavery should go to the
 Territories, or if it should prove already to
 exist there, the slave owner may be protected
 in his right to try the validity of fits title to
 that properly under the Constitution and
 laws. Mr. Butler said, he designed, at a
 future time, to. express his views generally
 upon the Bill, when he would take occasion
 to say candidly, explicitly, and distinctly,
 what he thought would satisfy him as a rep
 resentative of one of the Southern States.
 Mr. King expressed himself opposed to
 Mr. Davis’ amendment, because it would
 embarrass the Bill. In Teply to Mr. Doug
 lass, he denounced that Senator’s remarks as
 a Free Soil Wilmot Proviso speech, so fsr
 as the argument went, because it contended
 that Coogreas had all power over the subject
 pf Slavery.
Mr. Douglass responded with considerable
 warmth.
 Mr. Webetet thought the amendment waa
 very little moment or effect in any way
 If he understood tbe object of its mover, that
 object could be readily obtained by another
 mode. He understood that the amendment
 had it foundation in nothing but a disposi
 tion to prevent tbe Legislatures of the Ter
 ritories from passing any law perpetually ex
 cluding Slavery therefrom. He n
 amendment the other day ir the hands of the
 Senator from Indiana, which would meet that
 object. The bill declared that tbose Legtsla
 tutes shall pass no law respecting Slavery.
 The amendment to which be referred, de
 clared that the Territorial Legislature shall
 have no authority to pass laws establishing
 or excluding Slavery. Thia was certainly a
 municipal question, and there could be no
 impropriety in adopting such an amendment
 as he had suggested, although he must say,
 that in his opinion, this whole class of amend
 ments were unnecessary, considering the
 actual state of things in the country to which
 they were to be applied.
 Mr. Hale was unwilling even by silence
 to admit that the question before the Senate
 was of practical indifference. We had grown
 up from thirteen to thirty States, and the ex
 perience of the past was that in every instance
 in which new States had been admitted into
 the Union without an express prohibition of
 Slavery, no matter what theii latitude or
 longitude, Slavery had gone into, and been
 irrevocably established in those States. On
 this subject he wanted no other guide than
 the light of the past. This question, then,
 was one of great practical importance—a
 question ot the establishment or exclusion of
 Slavery. No question had ever been agita
 ted in Congress, since the Declaration of
 Independence, involving SO Important and
 lasting consequences as that now pending,
 and it was a libel upon the intelligence of
 the free States to tell them that it waa a
 question of indifference.
 Mr. Webster said it was, io his opinion,
 no question at all of Slavery or no Slavery.
 It was known to be his opinion that there
 was no reasonable human probability that
 Slavery would go to the Territories, and that
 there was no substantial necessity doing any
 thing, in establishing Territorial Govern
 ments, in relation to its prohibition or exclu
 sion, believing it, as he did, to be already
 excluded by causes not under human control.
 After some further debate, Mr. Cass again
 explained and defended his Nicholson letter,
 and after a few remarks in relation to the
 policy of non-intervention, declared that he
 should vote against both pending amend
 ments, as well as against the original restric
 tion contained in the bill upon the Territorial
 Legislation respecting Slavery.
 Without taking any question, half-past four
 Senate adjourned.
The Nashville Convention.
 The following resolutions have been adopt
 ed by the Nashville Convention. It will be
 seen that the Missouri Line is insisted upon;
 a Southern political party recommended to
 give its support to such party in the North as
 will submit to its terms; and the 4th of June,
 1851, fixed as the time for a Southern Con
 vention to nominate candidates for the Pres
 idency and Vice Presidency:
 Resolved, That California is peculiarly
 well adapted for slave labor, and that if the
 tenure of slave property was by recognition
 of this kind secured in that part of the coun
 try South of 36 deg, 30 min. it would, in a
 short time, form into one or more slavehold
 ing States, to swell the number, and power
 of llisse already in existence.
 Resolved, That it too plain for argu
 ment that the slave holding States would
 not lose, and the non-holding greatly gain
 by the surrender to the latter, of the half of
 Texas: and that the payment to Texas of ten
 millions as price, however it might minister
 to ber distress for money, would be no com
 pensation to them, and the more especially as
 the most of the money would come out of
 their own pockets.
 Resolved. That the people of the slave
 holding States, by becoming a unit as re
 spects political or party organization, sep
 arate from the people of the non-holding
 States, would place themselves in a position
 of great advantage in as least three particu
 lars: First, to enable them to account to the
 political party ot the North, by putting it in
 their power to throw undivided might into the
 scale of whichever party then showed the
 best disposition to them m justice. Second,
 it would enable then to turn to account the
 potent sentiment of love for the Union cher
 ished by the North, out of their desire to ter
 minate the existence of the U/iion promptly,
 and without any internal discord, whenever
 the North came to disregard their right.—
 Third, it would enable them, at the worst, to
 defend themselves to the best advantage, and
 therefore it would be, in the highest degree,
 conservative of union, and of the best senti
 ments of fraternity between the people of
 the North and those of the South.
 Resolved, therefore, That the people of
 the South ought to drop old party distinct
 ions in organization, and for the future let the
 test of meiit in the different candidates for
 office be this only, which of them is likely to
 do the most good, friendly and frateranal part
 by the South, and to this end the Conven
 tions, both for the nominations of State of
 ficers, President and Vice President, ought
 hereafter to be held without reference to theii
 past party relations.
 Resolved, That we, therefore, invite a
 convention of the slave holding States, on the
 4th of June, for the purpose of determining
 which among the various aspirants for the
 Presidency and Vice Presidency ought to
 receive the suffrages of the South.
 Resolved, That unless the non-slave hold
 ing States, at the next session of their re
 spective Legislatures, repeal the laws which
 they have passed, obstructing the recoveiy of
 fugitive slaves, and also to take effectual step*
 fur the practical observation by their citizens
 of the constitutional stipulation for the sur
 render of such slaves, the slave holding States
 ought, without delay, to adopt measures of
 retaliation and non-intercourse,
 Resolved, That we have htt'e confidence
 in the efficacy of any law which Congress may
 pass to secure tne observation of this clause
 of the Constitution, because public opinion at
 the North is so much opposed to such laws
 that it could not be enforced. We look chiefly
 to the States themselves who are parties to
 the stipulation for the observance; but any
 laws passed by Congress which gave to the
 fugitive a trial by jury in the Stale to which
 he fled, would, as a remedy, be mere mock
 er)'
 Resolved, That in a case a majority of the
 clear rights of the South pass any law which
 should deprive her of the part of California
 situated 36 deg. North, oi cut off from Tex
 as any part of the territory line within the
 boundary which she claims as her own, ot
 interfere with slavery or the trade in the slave
 district of Columbia, then this Convention, on
 the—-Monday after the passage of such act,
 should assemble at for tbe purpose of con
 sidering the remedy to be adopted for re
 dress of the wrongs thus perpetrated.
The Hutchinons.— A. circumstance has
 come to our knowledge, in relation to the
 Hutchinsona, which reflects so much credit
 on them that we think it our duty to detail it.
 Year* ago, when they were about to com
 mence their career, they arrived at a neigh
 boring city in a wagon with two hosaes.
 They gave one or two concerts and failed.
 Unable to leave the city, they were about to
 sacrifice their horses to be enabled to return
 home. A gentleman in the city persuaded
 them to remain and give one mote concert,
 making himself responsible for their debt.
 Th» result was that they did well.
 On a recent visit they found this gentle
 man poor and tick, absolutely in want.—
 After providing for hia immediate wants,
 they feet him aaidefor his benefit the pro
 ceeds of their first concert, which restored
 comparative comfort to his home. They cei
 tainly deserve tfaeii success.—„V. y. Exprtjt
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 13, 1850.
Tbs Nobth Stab is sometimes mm to friend*
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 nay see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptioas and
 donationi for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglas*, Rochester,
 N.Y.
 9s*W irted—Several Tbatiuus Agists,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None new! apply
 bat suck as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fbcd
 ißicx Docolass, Rochester, N. Y.
Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscription! to the North Star, fox the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 Poet Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 son, 5, Summer hill Grove, Newcastle-on-
 Tyne.— r. n.
Prejudice against Color.
 Let qo one imsgine that we are about to
 give undue prominence to this subject. Re
 garding, as we do, the feeling named above
 to be the greatest of all obstacles in the way
 of the anti-slavery cause, we think there
 is little danger of making the subject of it too
 prominent. Tbe heartless apathy which pre
 vails in this community on the subject of sla
 very—the cold-blooded indifference with which
 the wrongs of the perishing and heart-broken
 slave are regarded—the contemptuous, slan
 derous, and malicious manner in which the
 names and characters of Abolitionists are
 handled by the American pulpit and press
 generally, may be traoed mainly to the malign
 feeling which passes under the name of pre
 judice against color. Every step in our ex
 perience in this country since we commenced
 our anti-slavery labors, has been marked by
 facts demonstrative of what we have jus l
 said. The day that we started on our first
 anti-slavery journey to Nantucket, now nine
 years ago, the steamer was detained at the
 wharf in New Bedford two hours later than
 the usual time of starting, in an attempt on
 the part of the captain to compel the colored
 passengers to separate from the white passen
 gers, and to go on the forward deck of that
 steamer; and during this time, the most sav
 age feelings were evinced towards every col
 ored man who asserted his right to enjoy
 equal privileges with other passengers.—
 Aside from the twenty months tghich we
 spent, in England, (where color is no crime,
 and where a man’s fitness for respectable so
 ciety is measured by his moral and intellectual
 worth,) we do not remember to have made a
 single anti-slavery tour in any direction in
 this country, when we have not been assailed
 by this mean spirit of caster A feeling so
 universal aud so powerful for enil, cannot well
 be 100 much commented upon. We haws
 used the term prejudice against color 1© de
 signate the feeling to which we allude, nm
 because it expresses correctly what that feel
 ing is, but simply because that innocent term
 is usually employed for that purpose.
 Properly speaking, prejudice against color
 does not exist in this country. The feeling
 (or whatever it is) which we call prejudice
 is no less than a murderous hell-bom hatred
 of every virtue which may adorn the char
 acter of a black man. It is not the black man’s
 color which makes him the object of biutal
 treatment. When he is drunken, idle,ignor
 ant and vicious, Black Bill” is a source ol
 amusement: he is called a good-natured fel
 low he is the first to touch his hat to the
 stranger approaching the hotel, and offer his
 service in holding his horse, or blacking his
 boots. The white gentleman tells the land
 lord to give Bill something to drink
 and actually drinks with Bill” himself!—
 While poor black Bill” will minister to the
 pride, vanity and laziness of white American
 gentlemen while he consents to play the
 buffoon for their sport, he will share their re
 gard. BuUet him cease to be what we have
 described him to be— let him shake off ihe
 filthy rags that cover him—let him abandon
 drunkenness for sobriety, industry for indo
 lence, ignorance fox intelligence, and give up
 his menial occupation for respectable employ
 ment—let him quit the hotel and go to the
 ehurch, and assume there the rights and pri
 vileges of one for whom the Son of God died,
 and he will be pursued with the fiercest ha
 tred. His name will be cast out as evil; and
 his life will be embittered with all the venom
 which hate and malice can generate. Thou
 sands of colored men can bear witness to the
 truth of this representation. While we are
 servants, we are never offensive to the whites,
 or marks of popular displeasure. We have
 been often dragged or driven from the tables
 of hotels where colored men were officiating
 acceptably as waiters; and from steamboat
 cabffis where twenty or thirty colored men in
 light jackets and white aprons were frisking
 about as servants among the whites in every
 direction. On the very day we were brutally
 assaulted in New York lor riding down
 Broadway in company with ladies, we saw
 several white ladies riding with black servants.
 These servants were well-dressed, proud
 looking men, evidently living on the fat of tbe
 land—yet they were servants. They rode
 not for their own, but for the pleasure and
 convenience of white persons. They were
 not in those carriages ss friends or equals.—
 They were there ss appendages; they consti
 tuted s part of tbe magnificent equipages.—
 They were there as the fine black horses
 which they drove were there—to minister to
 the pride and splendor of their employers.
 As they passed down Broadway, they were
 observed with admiration by the multitude;
 and even tbe poor wretches who assaulted us
 might have said in their hearts, as they
 looked upon such splendor, “We would do
 so 100 if we could.” We repeat, then, that
 color is not the cause of our persecution; that
 is, it it not our color which makes our prox
 imity io white men disagreeable. The evil
 lies deeper than prejudice against color. It
 is, ss we have said, an intense hatred of the
 colored man when he is distinguished for any
 ennobling qualities of head or heart. If the
 feeling which persecutes os were prejudice
 against color, the colored servant would be
 as obnoxious as tbe colored gentleman, for the
 color is the same in both cases; and being the
 same in both cases, it would produce the same
 result in both esses.
 We are then a persecuted people; not be
 cause we are colored but simply because that
 color has for a series of yean been coupled in
 (he ‘public mind with the degradation of sla
 very and servitude. In these conditions, we
are thought to be in oar place; and to aspire
 to anything above them, is to contradict tbe
 established vkjw* of the community—to get
 out of our sphere, and commit the provoking
 sin of impudmtt- Just here is our sin we
 have been tvsbre; we have passed through
 all the grsdseef servitude, and have, under
 God, secured ofe freedom; sod if we have be
 come the apedsi object of attack, it is because
 we speak and t|l among our fellow-men with
 out the slight* regard to their ot our own
 complexion;—m id further, because we elaim
 and exercise tl e right to associate with just
 such person* ai aie willing to associate with
 us, and who ai l agreeable to our tastes, and
 suited to our ns ml and intellectual tendencies,
 without refaneace to the color of their skin,
 and withourgivisg ourselves the slightest
 trouble to iaquiici whether the world are
 pleased or 4psplea*ed by our conduct. We
 believe in hojpao equality; that character, not
 color, should: be the criterion by which to
 choose associates; and we pity the pride of
 the poor dust and ashes which would
 erect any oihtr standard of social fellowship.
 This doctrine of human equality is the bit.
 terest yet taight by the abolitionists. It is
 swallowed wah more difficulty than all the
 other points of the ami-slavery creed put to
 gether. What makes a negro equal to a
 white men Nb, we wfi| neter consent to
 ihat! No, ibat wont do!” But stop a
 moment; don't JffMt a Mgdn lreep cool.
 What is a wttnßSm that youdo so revolt at
 tbe idea of making a negro equal with him
 Who made bin Is he an angel or a man I
 "A man.” Jery well, he is a man, and
 nothing but t man—possessing the same
 weaknesses, liable to the same diseases, and
 under the sanm necessities to which a black
 man is "subject. Wherein does the whiteman
 differ from the black? Why, one is white
 and the other is black. Well, what of that!
 Does the sun shine more brilliantly upon the
 one than it does upon the other Is nature
 more lavish with her gifts toward the one
 than toward the other? Do earth, sea and air
 yield their suited treasures to the one more
 readily than to the other In a word, “have
 we not all one Father Why then do you
 revolt at that equality which God and nature
 instituted?
 The very apprehension which the American
 people betray od this point, is proof of the fit
 ness of treating all men equally. The fact
 that they fear an acknowledgment of dur
 1 equality, shows that thw see a fitness in such
 i an acknowledgment. Why are they not ap
 prehensive lent the borsfc should be placed on
 an equality with man? Simply because the
 hors#is not a man; and no amount of reason
 ing can coavince the world, against its com
 mon sen*!, that ihe horse is anything else
 UMpa horse. So here all can repose without
 ijfecr. Bui not so with (he negro. He stands
 f erect.,Upon his brow he bears the seal of manj
 hood, from the hand of the living God. Adopt
 any mode of reasoning you please with re
 spect to him, he is a man, possessing an im
 mortal soul, illuminated by intellect, capable
 of heavenly aspirations, and in all things per
 taining to manhood, he is at once self-evi
 dently a matt, and therefore entitled to all the
 rights and privileges which belong to human
 nature.—f. d.
 i Colonization—Free Colored People, and
 the New York Tribune.
 We shall now, briefly conclude the examin
 ation we somntenced last week of the Coloni
 zation doctrines recently put forth by the New
 York Tribune. Tbe reader will find the ar
 i tide containing Mr. Greeley's views, on the
 third page of list week’s North Star. In that
 article, he institutes a comparison of the free
 blscks and (he Mormons; making the latter
 to be more talumniated, traduced and perse
 cuted, than the free blacks; and he points us,
 for an example, to what these plundered Mor
 mons have sheeted in the last three years.—
 So far as the comparison will have the effect
 to whip our people into more activity, and
 greater enterprise than they have hitherto ex
 hibited, in that proportion we may rejoice
 that it has been written; —but to declare that
 the Mormon*, or any other white people in
 this country, are more persecuted and tra
 duced than the free slacks, (as we ate
 called by the Tribune,) is to utter that which
 js contrary to what eveiy one has the means
 of knowing to be the facts in the case.
 It was but the other day that we heard of a
 circumstance that very aptly illustrates the
 relative position of the white and colored
 people of this country. A white man had
 been declared to have negro blood in his veins.
 He at once brought an action against his ac
 cuser, and laid his damages at ten thousand
 dollars
 But suppose we should adopt the example
 of the Mormons, and go out into the wilder
 ness, and do just what they have done, what
 assurance, can Mr. Greeley give us that the
 same treatment would be extended to us by
 this government, that has been extended to
 the Mormons? None whatever. He knows,
 or ought to know, that while slavery is per
 mitted in this country, colored men will be
 hated and despised by their enslavers through
 out the world'. We are told to go to the
 West coast of Africa—to strike out a bold
 path of danger, duty and self-sacrifice, as a
 means of winning the world’s respect, and
 the admiration of posterity This is a very
 grand flourish. What has the United States
 done for these who have already gone there?
 She has done nothing—worse than nothing.
 While England and Faance have both ac
 knowledged the Liberian Republic, and have
 extended to her the right hand of commercial
 fellowship, the Republic from whose shores
 that people were driven by oppression, have
 yet to perform this simplest act of justice.
 What has our Government done in the
 Case of Haiti? It has scouted, with the
 most provoking contempt, any act, looking to
 a welcome of the Biack Republic into tbe
 sisterhood of nations, until at length, that
 Republic, disgusted with the very name of
 Republicanism, abandoned all show of it;
 and put on the robes of Imperialism, finding
 as she has found, far more justice, honor,
 sod magnanimity among European despots,
 than she has been able to find among Ameri
 can Democrats. It makes no difference Mr.
 Greeley, where the black man rosy pitch his
 tent—whether on this, or on the other sid«
 of the Atlantic, tho people of this country
 will osver do him justice, .while they con
 tinue to enslave his race. Between sixty and
 •evenly colored men have embarked from the
 single point of New Bedford to California;
 and large numbers have gone from Boetoo/
New York, and other Northern and Atlantic'
 pons. They have struck oat a path of
 “danger,aiMi self-sacrifice.** A largeportion of
 them will probably, return to this oeantry
 with abundance of Gold; but, who does not
 know that the meanest, and laziest white
 man in the community may move about the
 country with greater freedom from iaault and
 abuse, than can the wealthiest, and most re
 spectable of those who return from this fid
 of‘‘danger and self-sacrifice?’*
 While Slavery continues to exist, the
 co’ored man will continue to be despised in
 this land, nor will he escape being so des
 pised by leasing his brethren in the land of
 bondage, to the inheritance of whipe and
 chains, and selfishly seeking a place of rest
 for himself. To our apprehonsioo, it is far
 more noble on the part of the free colored
 people to remain here, struggling agaiust the
 adverse winds of prejudice, and Slavery,
 than, selfishly to quit the country with a view
 to bettering tbeir own condition.
 Let Mr. Greeley com plain aa much as be
 may, of our,determination to /emain here. It
 shall go hard with us, before we shall consent
 to leave these shores while three millions of
 our countrymen are in chains. We me re
 solved to fell or flourish with them.—d.
A Doubtful Compliment.
 8. R. Ward, speaks of our remarks at the
 recent Anniversary of the American Anti-
 Slavery Society as follows:
 “After raving and roaring for a while, Mr.
 Douglass acquittedJrimself before them, and
 against them, as thOTecenPpapers -represent,
 and as the indecent papers misrepresent.”
 We are entirely unconscious of having ra
 ved or roared on the occasion referred to;
 but will not insist upon being judge in our
 own case, and therefore must allow Mr. Ward
 to have it all his own way.
 In the same letter, Mr W ard says of his
 meeting held in St. Mary’s Street Church
 Philadelphia:
 “Had not the getters-up of this meeting,
 in their handbills, declaied that tbs body of
 the house would be reserved for white per
 sons, an arrangement that was not, could not
 be carried out, because “unfit to be made,”
 it would have had no other defect than the
 first speech”
 Now, Mr. Ward must Pardon us. But
 we do think that this seeming reproof of the
 “getters up” of the meeting in question is
 about as equivocal as the singular compli
 ment to which we have just alluded. The
 former may be easily traced to an accidental
 grammatical error; but we fear that the latter
 must be set down to a cause far less credita
 ble to its author. The men who got up the
 meeting at St. Mary’s Street Church, were
 guilty of t very disgraceful piece of truck
 ling to the negro-hating, pro-slavery spirit of
 Philadelphia. They very discreditably, gra
 tuitously and contemptibly, yielded themselves
 the menial servants of the scornful spirit of
 caste, and this too at an anti-slavery meeting.
 Mr. Ward very gently calls this a “defect
 and that defect he deems to be about equal
 to his own speech f! The cringing ser
 viles who sent forth the proscriptive hand-bill
 will easily pardon Mr. Ward for this very
 equivocal rebuke; especially as he so far
 spared their feelings, and forgot his duty to
 rebuke them publicly when he had them be
 fore him at the meeting, where the delect
 was Wore his eyes. You are seen, Samuel
 Ringold Ward.—r. d.
Celebration of West India Emancipation.
 It will be seen by the following, which we
 from the Impartial Citizen, that our
 friends are not disposed to abandon the time
 honored custom of celebrating West India
 Emancipation. A strong array of speakers
 are secureJ, and we have no doubt that the
 occasion will be a grand one. r. d.
 At a meeting of the citizens of Elmira,
 held on the last Monday in April, Mr. Wil
 liam Tann, Chairman, and D. W. Moslen,
 Secretary, it was, on motion,
 Resolved, That we will celebrate the first
 day of August next, the Anniversary of West
 India Emancipation, to the fullest extent of
 our power.
 On motion, the following persons were ap
 pointed Marshals of the day:
 Hiram Washington, Elmira.
 C. P. Lucas, Geneva.
 E. L. Platt, Bath.
 J. W. Jones, Elmira.
 The following speakers have been secured
 for the occasion, viz:
 S. R. Ward, Syracuse.
 H. H. Garnet, Geneva.
 J. W. Loguen, Syracuse.
 Charles L. Rimond.
 Wm. TANN, Chairman*
 David W. Molsen, Sec’y.
 African Colonization.
 The following letter from Mr. V&amp;shon
 should have been published in our last num
 ber, but was overlooked. Our friend Vashon
 will pardon the delay.—r. d.
 Frederick Douglass :—Sir: I was much
 pained at heart, to learn through the North
 Star of May 3d, that our colored brethren
 in St. Louis have been holding a mass meet
 ing on the subject of African Colonization,
 and that the said meeting was eloquently ad
 dressed by colored Americans. This is a sad
 slate of affairs; but you will not let auch op
 position, I hope, cause your hands to hang
 down, or retard your efforts; but rather let
 all auch pre-slavery actions be means for you
 to nerve your arm, and increase youi fiimneas
 sad argument—your fixed determination, in
 writing, printing and pleading the cause of
 the poor slave, and the Elevation of the free
 colored man, and telling, in burning words,
 to this land of professing Christians, and to
 the world, the sin of slavery, and that you
 may never cease pouting floods of living light
 m the mind and conscience of the oppressor,
 till you change their guilty prejudices, feel
 ings sad actions towards us as men and citi
 zens of the United States, And I do hope
 that you will advise snd urge our fellow
 jountrymen to avoid all participation in any
 meeting of the Colonization Society, as it is
 anti-Christian in its actions, and I have ever
 relieved that Slavery and Colonization are
 'win-sisters, and that the main desire of the
 friends of Colonization is, to drain the free
 rolored people out of these United States, so
 hat the chair of slavery may be riveted more
 ightly upon its victims; and it is very clear
 hat Colonization has long been fostered and
 ■attained by the murderous spirit of slavery
 tnd prejudice. i
 Such being the character of the Society, it
 its neither the confidence nor the respect of
 he free ooloted people; and I think it the I
 luty of every colored mao to despise the name
 if the Colonization Society; because that
Society has published to the world s libel on
 the name and character of my people, by say
 ing that we were a nuisance, degraded, and
 vicious, Ac.
 In conclnsiou: This is the land where we
 all drew our first breath—where we have
 grown up to strength and manhood. Hers
 we have cantracted the most sacred engage
 ments, the dearest relations of life. Here we
 have found the companions of oar childhood,
 the friends of our yoatb, the gentle partners
 of oar lives. Here are the haunts of oar in
 fancy, the scenes of every endearing hour. In
 a word, this is our own nativc land and
 we love our country—we love oar fellow
 citizens and we consider every colored man
 who allows himself to be colonized in Africa,
 is an enemy to the slave, and a traitor to the
 anti-slavery cause. Yours, Ac.,
 J. B. VASHON.
Petebboro, June 1, 1850.
 Frederick Doublers My outraged and
 affltcted Brother:—! have just read, in the
 last Norths Star, the article io which you in
 form your readers of the insults, and violence,
 and threats of assassination, which you en
 countered in your recent visit to New York,
 j This article stirs the lowest depths of my
 sympathy and love. I sympathized with you
 and loved you before, more now.
 AH this cruel and outrageous treatment you
 suffer, because ycu are a colored man or,
 rather because, nothwithatanding you arc a
 coloredjman, you presume to demean yourself
 as a man, and to let your lips and pen give
 expression to those rare powers with which
 you are endowed. Were you ignorant and
 vile, you might go to New York or elsewhere
 evety month, without being molested; but,
 being intelligent, sod eloquent, and refined,
 and high-aouled, you are a shining mark that
 cannot escape the notice and cannot fail to
 provoke the jealousy and wrath of a people
 educated to depise and hate the colored race.
 It will be long, my dear brother, before
 you will be able to travel in America unin
 sulted and unharmed. So long as the con
 ventional and sham Christianity, which builds
 negro-pews, and which qualifies and limits
 social rights by complexion, shall bear sway
 in this land, so long you will be exposed to
 insults and injuries. It is this spurious Chris
 tianity which subjects you to discomforts and
 insults, and exposes you to violence and mur
 der. It is this which educates and lets loose
 the mob upon you. It is this which moulds
 the Websters and Dickinsons of the Senate,
 and the Morses of the New York Observer,
 and the Bennets of the New York Herald
 and which makes expediency, instead of prin
 ciple, the governing motive of them all.—
 This spurious Christianity is indeed a murdei*
 ous and a develish thing. Would that all its
 i churches—but that they would be rebuilt—
 might be burnt up, and that all its ministers
 I might be huddled together where they could
 repent and do no harm.
 A negro-pew church, a church of Christ!
 What a misnomer I would not honor it so
 far as to call it the church of the Devil. The
 Devil is not so unreasonable—l was about to
 say, not So unjust—as to classify persons by
 the color of their skin. Even the Devil is
 willing to leave to its operation the great law,
 that character assigns to every man his place.
 But think not, my dear Douglass, that it is
 you colored men alone who suffer from this
 insane and rampant prejudice. The wound
 it inflicts on you, it inflicts on us who spmpa
 thize with you, and who have identified our
 selves and made ourselves colored men with
 I you. In your sufferings, we suffer. In your
 afflictions, we are afflicted. Did I never tell
 you, that one reason I so seldom leave my
 house is that, because of my sympathy with
 my colored brethren, I am made so unhappy
 abroad I I look around for them in vain.—
 They are not there to share with me in ray
 comforts and privileges. It is true that lam
 not thus tried in the churches I atfflW when
 from home, since I attend no negro-hating
 churches. For some fifteen years, I have
 shunned such churches, as I would a pest
 house. But when visiting, 1
 cannot always steer clear oAm places and
 occasions where my is de
 spised, and hated, and crucified. 1 often find
 myself in public houses and private houses,
 in steamboats, and cars, and omnibuses; in
 gatherings and circles, where I know my poor
 colored brother (if allowed at all) is not al
 lowed to be as the equal of the white man.—
 And how can I be happy in such circum
 stances! How can I enjoy that in which
 my equal brother is permitted no participation?
 Even the attempt to enjoy it, 1 feel to be
 traitorous to him; and if enjoyment begin,
 the rising of such a feeling arrests and with
 er* it. In such circumstances, lam wont to
 remember that, by reason of the interference
 and remonstrance of his sympathy with oth
 ers, David had not the heart to slake his
 raging thirst with the water offered him.
 Despair not, however, my dear brother.—
 All will be made right, and iri due time. The
 religion of Jesus—the religion of the Bible—
 that will prevail and when it does prevail,
 it will make all right. For it is not a slavery
 or casts religion; but a religion of lcve, and
 freedom, and equality. You and I shall not
 live to see its pievalence. But it is our pri
 vilege to labor for it, and to live and die in the
 assurance that Jesus shall yet reigd in this
 sin-crazed and sin-ruined world and that He
 shall yet shew who is the blessed and only
 potentate, the King of Kings, and Lord of
 Lords.”
 With great regard,
 Your friend and brother,
 GERRIT SMITH.
American leape of Colored La bo ten.
 A numbet of colored men who have long
 made the beat interests of their race in the
 United Slates their study and effort, being in
 New York, attending the Anniversary, and
 wishing to make the best improvement of the
 occasion, assembled together in the Lecture
 Room of Zion’s chureh, corner of Leonard
 and Church streets, and organized and opened
 their meeting in the usual way. Rev, S. R.
 Ward, of New York, was appointed Presi
 dent, and Henry Bibb, of Michigan, Secre
 tary. An interchange of views was then had
 on the present aspect of their affairs in the
 United States, and of what is best to be done
 in the present crisis.
 The first conclusion at rived at was, that
 union and conckkt of action is indispensa
 ble to speedy success to our efforts for im
 provement and elevation.
 The second conclusion was, that-our pkj
deal and pecuniary improvement has not kept
 pace with oar other improvements, and at
 present demands our serious attention. They
 therefore agteed to adopt for themselves the
 following, proposing to practice upon and he
 governed by them in their future operations,
 and in union and concert; to recomownc the
 same to the government and practice of others;
 -Rnrf. It is manifest that one very great
 evil now suffered by the t tee colored people of
 the United States, is the want of money.
 9. Money can he obtained by labor.
 3. All colored men should engage in the
 most profitable labor, provided it be honorable.
 4. That labor is most profitable which is
 and can be most and beet assisted.
 5. Assistance of labor is from animals and
 machinery—capital.
 6. Any man who has learned a useful trade
 of any kind, and has tbe talent for conducting
 it on his own account, ought so to conduct it;
 because all the nett profits would then be his,
 and he would then have a fair opportunity of
 assisting his brethren by employing them ae
 apprentices and journeymen. But if he has
 not the means of setting up in trade on his
 own account, then, if in is a man of integrity,
 he ought to be furnished with the means.
 7. Hence, a fund should be established in
 every community, for the purpose of loaning
 suras of money to colored men of integrity,
 to assist them to go into business on their
 own acoouni, or in such way as they may find
 most convenient and profitable.
 8. We recommend skillful, honorable, pro
 fitable labor to the free colored men of the
 United States, not merely because it is pro
 ductive ot wealth, and si) iu accompanying
 advantages; but because it is indispensable to
 that developement and perfection, both of body
 and mind, which we so much need, and which
 many of us so much desire.
 9. The' free colored men of the Uuiied
 Slates are already impressed with the impor
 tance of educating their rising youth in the
 sciences. This we recommend as highly favor
 able to their advancement and elevation; but
 science without a trade or some way of turn
 ing it to useful account, loses more than half
 its value. We therefore recommend that they
 be just as careful to educate their youth in the
 Arts of Agriculture, Manufacture and Com
 merce, as in the Sciences.
 10. We recommend the attainment of Learn
 ing and lliches, because they are capable of
 procuring for us much personal comfort, and
 inspiring us with respect for ourselves, and
 for each othet, and of gaining for us the re
 spect of men generally. Bui we should have
 a still higher aim than the respect and fa
 vour of men: we should practice those virtues
 and seek that purity and goodness of heart
 which will in the end procure fur us the fa
 vor of God.
 The above propositions having been ad
 opted, with one dissenting voice, the meeting
 adjourned until the afternoon at half-past 3
 o’clock, having previously appointed a com
 mittee to report a plan of organixation.
 AFTERNOON SESSION.
 The committee appointed, reported the fol
 lowing plan of organization, (with the ex
 ception of the last clause of the sth section,
 which was added on motion of Mr. Geo. T.
 Downing of New York.)
 First,4F hat the Editors present, and all
 friendly, be requested to publish repeatedly,
 the propositions adopted by this meeting.
 3. That th«r« b« Executive Committee,
 whose office shall be in the City of New York,
 the members of which, residing in sard City
 shall be a quorum for the transaction of busi
 ness for the Association generally, and said
 City in particular: all other Committees or
 .Associations for the same object, shall cor
 respond with said Executive Committee st
 least once a month: and said Committee,shall
 consist of twenty-three members.
 3. That the details of carrying out the
 work, be left to the colored communities*in
 the various pans of the country, who are
 hereby respectfully recommended to form as
 sociations in cooperation with the Execu
 tive Committee.
 4. Every Association, or Committee, when
 formed, shall publish its proceedings in our
 papers, (and pay for the same) and also in
 one local paper.
 5. That an Industrial Fair shall be held in
 New York City in the second week in May,
 1859; of the proceeds of which, 70 per cent,
 shall be given to the producers, and 30 per
 cent shall be devoted to carrying out the
 views of this organization: and that colored
 mechanics, artizans and agriculturalists be
 ernestly requested to exhibit at the several
 national Fairs, specimens of their Skill and
 Industry.
 6. That an Agent shall be employed by
 the Executive Committee, to lay these views
 before the Colored People of the United
 States.
 The above propositions having been adopt
 ed, the following gentlemen were elected of
 ficers for the the ensuing year.
 S. R. WARD, President.
 rvGSSU
 Executive Committee.
 William S. Powell, New York.
 Lewis H. Putnam,
 Geo. T. Downing,
 Henry M. Wilson,
 Edward V. Clark,
 William J. Wilson,
 Robert Hamilton,
 Stephen Myers,
 Charles L. Reason,
 William H. Topp,
 James M’Cune Smith,
 Charles B. Ray,
 Lewis Woodson, Pennsylvania,
 lames Needham,
 Robert Forten,
 Charles L. Remond, Massachusetts.
 William C. Nell,
 Robert Morris,
 Henry Bibb, Michigan,
 Robert Banks,
 SAMUEL R. WARD, P.ea’t-
 Henry Bibs, Sec’y.
 The following is a good phrase, deserptiye
 of an energetie character. ‘Cromwell did
 not wait to strike until tbe iron was hot, but
 made it hot by striking.
 DiogenesT peing once asked tbe bite o
 which beest was worst, answered: “If you
 mean of wild beasts, tis tha slanderer if tame,
 the/IWWrvr.”
 ley To hod tbe value of a friend—
 Aak him to put bto name to a bill,
