All wen not born Free and Equal.
The New Yotk Path Finder, a spirited
 daily sheet and of extensive circulation, has
 been carrying on of late a lively discussion
 with the Merchants Day Book on the subject ol
 slavery, and especially, in respect to the
 doctrine of the “higher power” than the
 Constitution, recently announed by Hon. VV.
 H. Seward. The Path Finder, is of course
 on the liberal side, and vindicates the truth
 with much skill. In the course of this dis
 cussion, the Day Book puts forth the follow
 ing vile nonsense.
“The idea that we are created free and
 equal is the sheerest humbug in the world.
 It has not the first feature of truth in its
 foundation, and is only used by fools and
 demagogues who think it great because it is
 in the ‘declaration of independence.’ We
 are born neither free nor equal, and never
 can be either one or the other. We, our
 selves, are not free for we have to give our
 time to the courts as jurors, and our money
 to the tax gatheis for laws and protection; yet
 were all men like us we would want no laws,
 and consequently would have no tax gath
 erers. We submit to these because we must
 and not because we want them. Talk about
 equality! Look you—see that porter har
 nessed like an ass to that cart dragging a load
 of truck. Why are you not there? His
 child is on its dying bed, its life fast ebbing
 because it has not had the proper care and
 necessary comforts of its health and support.
 He must work in the sun and rain to get bread
 for the living onee. He.cannot go to it bed
 side and watch it, attend to its wants, supply
 it with food, procure it a nurse, or pay a phy
 sician to attend it. No, it must die. Why
 can’t this poor—shall we say man? no—this
 poor ox! go to his dying child? Simply be
 cause necessity will not permit him. He free?
 Frae as the wind— to work or starve. Why
 are not you or I so, Mr. Pathfinder? You
 will say that it is because we have‘had ad
 vantages,’ have ‘been educated,’ No,
 sir—that is not it; or if so, how came you by
 that education? We were not created like
 him. No circumstances could have'made us
 like him. Strip us and throw U 3 into the
 street and we would float. We never could
 sink to the bottom of society, beeanse we
 were not made of that material, and we thank
 God for it. You may call the poor laborer a
 slave or a free man, as you please. ‘A rose
 by any other name would smell as sweet.’
 You don’t alter his capacity nor his propensi
 ty. ‘Necessity drives him as with an ox goari
 in the severest toil. It beats him, ahusfs
 him, tears his childreu from, murders them,
 starves them and treats him worse than a
 slave. Why did not God create him like
 us? When some wise abolitionist will ans
 wer these questions satisfactorily, or give any
 reasonable explanation, why we are different,
 we will try and be convinced that a negro is
 not a negro.”
Report of the North Star Fair in New
York.
With emotions of gratitude for patronge
 received, not unmingled with hope for a
 similar favor in future, the North Stat Fair
 Association present a report of their first
 efforts in endeavoring to assist in sustaining
 the North Star.
In this, (as in every good cause,) they met
 with obstacles, as they anticipated; yet know
 ing their cause to be worthy their efforts, they
 were encouraged to petsevere —they did so,
 buoyant with hope for the success of their
 undertaking; but alas, when all seemed fair
 and prosperous, and when about entering
 upon the most important part of their duty,
 they were doomed to undergo a severe trial.
 Sickness and death entered their midst, anti,
 like a “thief in the night,” snatched from
 them one of the most useful of their mem
 bers; thereby casting over them a gloom
 which must ever be remembered with heart
 felt sorrow. Yes, notwithstanding the diffi
 culties they had to contend with, the short
 ness of time for preparation, and the melan
 choly events which took place during the
 Fair, all of which had a tendency to dampen
 the ardor of those interested, the result may
 be deemed truly successful. With this hasty
 glance at the proceedings of the past, the
 Association give the following report:
Donations in cash, $147,67
 Proceeds of Fair, 838,49
 986,16
 Expenses of Fair, 576,59
 409,57
 |&gt;aid to Editor of North Star, 400,00
ggßHance on hand, 9,5.
 The Asst tciaiion feel encouraged by the
 result o,' thefr feeble efforts, and believe if so
 much cant be clone in three months, much more
 can be do.oe in twelve. They therefore have
 come to the conclusion to continue in this all
 important work and labor of love. Joe As
 sociation present their heart-felt thanks to
 their English friends for the valuable box of
 goods received through the Miss Griffiths to
 their friends in Philadelphia, Rochester and
 Fall River, for the same; to friends in Alle
 ghany and Princeton, for valuable donations;
 to Mr. P. H. Reason, M. G. T. Downing,
 Professor Reason and others, for many offices
 of kindness; to the gentlemen of the Amateur
 Band, viz: Messrs. W. R. Jackson and S.
 Wadlron, who caused great attraction by their
 musical talents; and to their New York
 friends for very liberal contributions and pa
 tronage. They would also return thanks for
 the vetv beautiful screen, worked and pre
 sented by Mrs. J. M’Cune Smith, and for the
 handsome quilt knitted and donated Miss E.
 Griffiths.
The Association would inform the public
 generally, that they will continue their efforts
 for the North Star, and will hold their Fairs
 annually during anniversary week, in May.—
 Thev would therefore suggest to those friends
 who were anxious to contribute to their last
 Fair, (but could not, for the want of time,)
 *h.at they will now have an opportunity of
 sjontri'buting to their anticipated Fair in May
 next. The co-operation of friends everywhere
 is earnest.''’ elicited. Friends in England
 -will please’remJ* tnber this Association in their
 contributions for thd* enslaved.
In behalf of the Assod'atiori,
 FANNY TOMPKINS, Sec'y.
 180 Church street, N. Y.,
 To whom commuuicaiions may be addressed
 June, 7. 1850.
Rochester, June 9th, 1850.
Friend. Douglass —Riding in the cars
 last evening from Batavia to this city, I feli
 in company with a young Bostonian who
 spent the last winter in New Orleans. In
 conversation on the subject of slavery, be told
 me of an apparatus for whipping slaves,
 which he was informed is used in that city,
 which exceeds any and all oiher inventions of
 the diabolical system of which I ever heaid.
 It consists of a kind of paddle, full of holes
 Which is worked in some way by steam.”
 When a master wants his slave punished, he
gives him half a dollar and sends him to this
 steam whipping machine where they apply
 the blows for one cent apiece.
 If this story had been told by an abolitionist,
 it would have been received by the community
 as an exaggerated statement of a reckless fa
 natic. As it is, coming from one who said
 that he thought the abolitionists were not suf
 ficiently charitable towards the slave
 holders, who have been educated in the beliei
 that slavery is right and that many of the
 slaves appeared to be entirely happy, and he
 believed were better off” than they would
 be if free, ti e statement is a valuable ad
 dition to the mass of testimony already before
 the public, of the inherent cruelties which
 are, and necessarily must be, part and parcel
 of this “peculiar” hellish institution.”
The Dirty Deed of Meanness.
Mr. Editor: —ln your paper of the Bth.
 you were pleased to say as follows: “With
 a golden brite in his hand, a New York City
 black man hired some and caused others to
 vote the Whig ticket, and he was aided by
 some of the most influential of the same class
 in the Empire city; and what is still worse
 they found the most part of our people sinable
 and coaxable enough to do the dirty deed o!
 meanness.”
The above cannot be regarded other than
 a charge against some one “city black man”
 in particular, as you call him, and against
 “the most part” of the city black men in
 general, as you are pleased to term them—
 and a grievous charge too —a charge not
 founded in fact; but one calculated to effect
 me as “a city black man;”an'l which I notice,
 because the base slander—the false libel has
 been insinuated at “93” and other places,
 that the undersigned received “a golden
 bribe” from the whigs at the last election;
 and that I “hired” colored men to vote the
 whig ticket. This designed fabrication is
 perfectly and entirely false.
 As for “the city black men” in general, as
 it suits your taste to call them—-as for the
 being “bribed,” “hired,” or‘ ‘coaxed” into
 any action-r-as to their proceeding against
 the.ir inclinations, determination, or what they
 considered the best interests of the whole;
 they are as free from any such charge as are
 “the black men” of Syracuse, Geneva, or
 any city of the State. Yes; either of being
 “coaxed,” “bribed,” or intimidated by friend
 or foe. No, sir, “the black men of New
 York,” as you emphatically call them, would
 support a College—Central College—would
 support it, would aid and support, what they
 conceived worthy of their aid and support,
 though a friend might declare that he “would
 hold them in execration” for so doing, “to
 the last days of his life;” do not understand
 ine as affirming that there are no exceptions
 to this fact, for we ha ve colored men, too,
 whose sentiments are paid for.
 As to any expediency evinced by the color
 ed voters of New York at the last election,
 I think it justifiable, if voting at all, under all
 the circumstances, were justifiable; but it is
 not my purpose, nor shall I discuss this point,
 in fact I should not have alluded to it at all,
 but for the vilifying insinuation connected
 therewith.
“The black men” of New York, as you
 studiously call them, believed, and do believe,
 that the best interest of the whole of the op
 pressed cobored men of the land—-the en
 slaved, together with the partially free, was
 torwarded by the course they then pursued.
 [Friend Downing hates the term Black,
 don’t he?]
 The above was the extent of my intended
 article, but sine© it was written I have been
 informed, of “a dirty deed of meanness” on
 ■your part, (you will excuse my frankness)
 far outstripping, in subserviency and con
 temptibility, anything that any “black man i
 of New York has ever been found guilty of. j
 I allude to your self-degradation in consenting j
 to address an audience in achcrch owned by
 colored pers ons—a church worshipped in by
 our people, (I will not say a “colored
 church,” fo r I repudiate the title and the
 principle—it is the property of our enemies
 —it is appropriate to the churches w'here the;
 “lower saloon is appropriated exclusively to
 our white- fellow ciizens”—where “the
 Nt-gro Pew* 1 is to be found in the gallery;)
 under the crreumstances that you did speak—
 for you to speak where a special bond—a posi
 tive understanding was had beforehand pro
 scribing yousr people—in your being a party,
 with a “white committee,” to an arrange
 ment whereby colored men, or black men as
 you would call them—men, with whom you
 are identified by the unrighteous American
 system of caste —men, peeled, stripped,
 abused and despised—men with whom you
 must rise or fall—men positively refused the
 occupancy of seats, belonging to themselvss
 —seats which they had been in the habit of
 occupying almost daily for years; that “while
 fellow citizens” might, mark ye! Exclusive
 ly!! enjoy them. Yes! according to previous
 arrangement and understanding had and pub
 lished through the streets of Philadelphia.
 This “deed” speaks for itself, —it is even
 worse than the charge impuied to “a New
 York city black man”—of hiring black men
 to vote the Whig ticket; with this disgrace
 added to it, of his taking his coaxed and hired
 crew to the garret, to deposit their ballots,
 whilst other voters weie inducted to the con
 venient parlor; it is even more truckling,
 grovelling, and everyway disgraceful, than
 was the recommendation given Charles L.
 Reason some time ago, when preparing for
 the ministry by a vestry of his people, advis
 ing him to accept of a proposition submitted
 to him by Bishop B. T. Ondeidonk, and
 which had been previously submitted to the
 late J. G. D. Grass©, and to Alex Crummell,
 and by them indignantly rejected, viz: to sei
 on a side bench in “the school ot the pro
 pliets,” and listen to ihe recitations of its
 pupils, but not to regard himself as being ol
 the classes —and thus he benefited —thus he
 prepared to labor in lire vinyard of the Lord
 Verily, lie would learn a lesson in humanity
 —in self-abasement. It is even more syco
 phantic than was the letter subsequently writ
 ten and privately sent to the Rev. lat tier in
 the Gospel by the same corporation—to this
 eminent negro-hater, after he had been con
 victed of gross immoralities, wherein they
 say to him, who had despised them —-“Be
 assured that our confidence in you remains
 unshaken,—that our love, respect and venera
 tion is unaltered, and that we will gladly re
 joice when we shall again listen to your God
 ly admonition and advice.”
 I cite these, in my opinion, the par excel
 lent “dirty derds of meanness,” recorded
 against colored men of the city of New York,
 to contrast with this, ot ours, and to Bhow
 how much more despicable is the latter.
 Yours,
 GEO. T. DOWNING.
 New York, May 24, 1850.
Three points are raised by the latter part
 of Friend Downing’s communication.
 Did S. R. Ward sanction the arrange
 ment alluded &gt;o, and advertised in the hand
 biii?— —Mr. Goines, who is capable of telling
 ihe truth when he pleases, knows we did
 not; and the other gentlemen, including Mr
 Downing, might have kß°Wjj it, had they
 chosen to know it.
2 Did S. R. Ward n his lecture, rebuke
 ll,e Prejudice which Mr. Douglass label)
 says, and Mr. Downing as falsely repeals,
 he sanctioned? The audience axe witness,
 and ihese gentlemen might have known and
 stated had they chosen to.tliatwe occupied the
 major pait of the evening, in lecturing with
 such humble power as we possess, against
 Neo-ro Hate, waving the constitutional argu
 ment for that purpose, as suggested by cir
 cumstances.
 3. Did S. R. Ward do right in addressing
 a meeting under such a call? That i 3 a mat
 ter about which honest men might differ. Our
 practice has inyatiably been, to speak in re
 buking prejudice, and in giving utterance to
oat sentiments, in any meeting, under ant
 call whatever. That’s the wav we come t&lt;
 address the meetings in the Tabernacle, 01
 the 7th of May last. So v.e addressed tin
 Buffalo Convention of ’4B, against the ex
 press wish of Mr. Cochrane, the great frei
 soiler of New York. So we have addressee
 many meetings whose sentiments were a?
 wide as are the poles apart, from our own
 All we ask, is a fair chance to utter our sen
 timents, and whether the meeting be compos
 ed of friends, or foes, whether the call please
 or displease ns, we have attended and spoken,
 and we shall attend and speak, at as man)
 meetings as we can, God helping us. Thai
 Douglass, Downing, Goines, &amp;c., &amp;c..
 should express lhese opinions, on the matter,
 is undoubtedly their right. But that they
 should state what is not true, or withhold so
 much of tiuth as to make, as was evidently
 their design, a false impression, is simply to
 bear false witness against a neighbor, Bui
 what of that to them!
H. COLLINS
We have received letters from Philadelphia
 about this matter, in which our friends kindly
 inform us of the actions of several gentle
 men, in respect to it. We do not differ from
 them at all in respect to the very apparent
 motive of Mr. Douglass. We do not at all
 blame them for doubting that .it was his sole
 purpose to bear his “humble” testimony
 against wrong.—But of course Mr. Downing
 was noton the ground as Mr. Douglass was.
 to see, and know, how far from—how op
 posite to truth and fairness his sentiment is.
 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
 neighbor. —lmpartial Citizen.
The U. S. Mail steamer Isabel, Capt. Rol
 lins, arrived from Havana this morning with
 her accustomed punctuality. She left Ha
 vana at 5 P. M. on the Bth; Key West at 4
 A. M. on the Oth, and reached her wharf at
 8 this morning, making 63 hours from port to
 port, including the stoppages at Key West
 and Savannah. She brings 141 passengers.
 By the Isabel we have our files of papers
 and correspondence to the Bth inst, extracts
 of which will be found annexed.
The papers ate mainly occupied with de
 tails connected with the late invasion of the
 Island.—A large number of crosses and other
 honorary distinctions have been conferred on
 those who were prominent in repelling the
 invaders at Cardenas, while liberal coniribu
 tions have been made for the support of the
 families of the killed and wounded on that oc
 casion.
Much excitement still prevails throughout
 the Island, and the feelings of the old Span
 iards and the Government officials run very
 strong against the Americans and the Amer
 ican Government.
The officers, crew and passengers of the
 American vessel still remain in close con
 finement. Efforts heve been made by tor
 ture to extort confessions from the captains of
 the Georgiana and Susan Loud, but in vain.
 They declared repeatedly that they regularly
 cleared from New Orleans for t 'hagres, as
 was confirmed by their papers; that they
 had no knowledge of the character or objects
 of their passengers until the Creole came
 along side, when a number of them went on
 board of that vessel, and they were preced
 ing on their course to Chagres when they
 were captured by the Spanish Steamer.
 The American Consul was peremptorily
 refused all access to or communication with
 the prisoners. To give a coh't, however, to
 the proceedings of the Court, the.presence of
 the British Consul was invited.
 A strong disposition was manifested to dis
 pose of the two American captains by a sum
 mary execution, but against this course the
 British Consul remonsira-ed, and warned
 them that this course would involve them in
 serious difficulties with the American Gov
 ernment. In cons, quence of these remon
 strances the decision ot the Court upon their
 case was postponed.
 The Captains were then suspended in the
 air by cords attached to their thumbs, but,
 despite the torture, they persisted in their
 statements.
 Among the prisoners was a young lawyer
 from one of ihe Western States, whose symp
 toms of trepidation gave expectation that, by
 working on h&gt;s fears, confessions might be
 obtained that would tend to criminate his
 companions. A halter was accordingly placed
 around his neck, and cannon-balls attached
 to his feet, and with the threat of immediate
 death hanging over him, under promise of par
 don for himself and for some of his compan
 ions whom he named, he made certain dis
 closures upon which the authorities based
 their further proceedings.
 The chief engineer of the Matanzas and
 Savanilla Railroad, died suddenly at Havana,
 and it was supposed by poison, but there is
 no doubt that his deaffi was occasioned by
 over excitement and perplexity consequent
 upon the invasion of Cardenas.
 We have been infoimed by highly intelli
 gent gentlemen, that the excitement and ter
 ror at Matanzas, Havana, arid throughout the
 island, upon the spread of the intelligence of
 the landing at Cardenas, was extreme, and,
 in many instances, the authorities seemed
 perfectly paralyzed. It is their opinion, that
 if a thousand brave men, well appointed, and
 well officered, had pushed on promptly from
 Cardenas, they could have placed themselveiu
 the center of the city of Havana, without
 serious resistance.
The Tribune says of Professor Stuart’s
 pamphlet:—
 “In this uncomfortable position, Professor
 Stuart has felt himself bound to take the field
 in the present pamphlet, which is less a de
 fence of Mr. Webster’s course than his own.
 No one conversant with the production of the
 author will be surprised to find in it a singu
 lar medley of egotism, pedantry, garrulity
 exegesis, Greek philology, argument and
 puerile anecdotes, with the entire absence ol
 any sense of congruity, coherence or good
 taste.
The professor, however, is not lo be re
 garded as the fiiend of slavery. Not he.
 He brings up ten good reasons why it should
 be deemed an evil, the first of which is, (tell
 it not in Gath after all the “exegesis” on
 ilie other side,) that it is contrary to the “first
 and fundamental piineiples of the Bible which
 declares that all are of one blood.” The
 few pages which Professor Stuart devotes to
 this subject, toward the close of this parnph
 let, after such an elaborate apology for Slave
 ry as composes the body of the work, remind.-
 us of the description given of a certain time
 server in another age, that he bui t a church
 to the Almighty on one side of the road and
 a chapel to the devil on the other.”
It will be seen that Mr. Benton has with
 drawn his motion to lay it upon the table, and
 Mr. Turney has moved to strike out this
 section relating to the boundary between
 Texas and New Mexico. While this was
 pending, Mr. Webster spoke, and we infer
 from the brief sketch of h'S remarks, that he
 will support the bill in theschape it stands, oi
 may stand when it comes to a vote. He was
 followed by Mr. Seward, who truly remark
 ed that this whole slieme had been most un
 fortunate in its operations and tendency- H
 examined the claim of Texas to the territory
 of New Mexico, and believing it to be totally
 unfounded, was unwilling to vote money t&lt;
 Texas lor iand site did not own. He
 -willing to vote to pay the debt? of Texas, oi
 other gtound®; but not to buy territory t&lt;
 which she nas no title-
 The friends of the bill are said to be alarm
 ed at Mr. Turney’s motion. Should it be
 carried, as it is quite likely to be, the bil
 cannot pass. The two votes from Texas, a.-
 vvell as some others, would certainly be los
 if the proposition to pay her a large* bribe b
 striken out. The vote upon this motion is
 therefore important, and may prove decism
 of the fate of the bill.
As we get scarcely any of the proceedings
 by telegraph io an intelligable shape, we may
 have to wait some time yet before knowing
 the result.— Rochester Democrat.
Letter From Havana.
England—The Greek Question.
Nor can it be doubted that that the Russian
 Cabinet it prepared, in conformity with its
 solemn declarations, since made. public, to
 mark its sense of these transactions!
When the note of the 26th of April was
 written, it might still be hoped at St. Peteis
 burgh that the mediation of France would
 prevail; we have yet to learn the effect pro
 duced on that Court by the renewal of co
 ercive measures, hut it cannot fail to be ai
 least as acute as it was in Paris.
Mean while, the indications already given
 bv Lord Palmerston of siinilar de-igns against
 Naples and Tuscany have put all the Powers
 on their guard against the reoccurrence of
 such a surprise as the Blockade of the
 Piraeus. The French fleet has been for some
 months in the Bay of Naples prepared to
 ward off an attack in that quarter, and with
 instructions to support the King of the Two
 Sicilies.
The Grand Duke of Tuscany being sirni
 lary threatened, applied for the advice and
 support of Northern Powers; and though we
 believe that an arrangement has since been
 made to refer the Leghorn claims to arbitra
 tion, the Cabinets of Russia and Austria have
 seized this opportunity to announce that as
 Lord Palmerston holds the private claims of
 British residents in foreign countries to be a
 subject of the interference of the British
 fleet, and not to be within the exclusive ju
 risdiction of the municipal laws of those
 countries, they demur in principle to any such
 pretensions, and that they shall take mea
 sures to restrict the admission of British sub
 jects to reside in their dominions. If any
 such measure be acted upon, it can scarcely
 fail to produce very inconvenient and unplea
 sant consequences, and it would unjustly in
 flict on the mercantile classes of j£tij£H*isgiei&gt;
 the recoil of a foreign policy in which they
 have no part. But after what has passed, we
 feel more regret than astonishment to learn
 that such things are possible, and we fear
 that it must be added that the departure of
 the Russian Minister from London must be
 anticipated at no distant period.
 These occurrences, happening in rapid suc
 cession, and accompanied with undisguised
 aversion on the part of foreign States, are
 not matters of indifference. They are, on
 the contrary, warnings and precursers of a
 state of Isolation utterly at variance with the
 inclinations, the tradition, and the interests
 of Great Britain.
From the first hour of Lord Palmerston’s
 return to office, these results have been steadi
 ly foreseen and predicted. They were then
 discernible to an attentive observer of the
 future; they are now visible in the broad
 davlight of the preset.
 But we confess we are not prepared for the
 lamentable climax of so daring a career, and
 it may seem hard that after so many greater
 achivements which have been unavenged,
 the claims of Don Pacifico should prove the
 last drop w’hich makes the cup of bitterness
 overflow.
Is it for such a cause as that we are to be
 called upon to confront our former allies, and
 to expose the vast interests on this Ethpire to
 the adverse chances of universal hostility!—
 London Times.
From Jamaica.
The Tribune has bpen furnished with the
 following letter from Jamaica* written by G.
 W. Alexander, a well-known member of the
 Society of Friends, who is now, and has
 been for several months past, travelling wiih
 a companion in the West Indies as an agent
 of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery So
 ciety. The object of their mission is to ob
 serve the results of Emancipation in the seve
 ral Islands:— Standard.
Kingston, Jamaica, Thur. 2 mo. 52.
My Dear Friend: I write very hastily,
 to inform you that my wife and self, with our
 companions, J. and M. Candler, intend
 to leave this place for New York by the
 steamer, on the IBih of next month,or there
 about. We have now been five weeks
 in Jamaica, during which we have trav
 elled over a large part of the Island, and are
 truly glad to find the condition of planters,
 merchants and laboreis better than we ex
 pected. That of the latter, especially, is
 in general one of much comfort. —This fine
 Island is not at present.hastening to ruin, not
 withstanding the severe trial in which it has
 been exposed by the cruel, injurious, and in
 consistent Sugar Act of 1846. It has been
 delightful to us to see the large'number of
 the emancipated peasantry and their children
 who are brought under a moral and religious
 influence, by the emod men who ate scalteted
 over Jamaica. There can, I think, be little
 or no doubt that population is increasing, nov.’
 that the dead weight of Slavery is removed,
 and there are many indications of an increase
 of cultivation, which will, unless I am much
 mistaken, be very shortly manifeste d by lar
 ger exports, unless checked by bad legisla
 tion, or the operation of the decreasing scale
 of duties at which foreign sugar is to be in
 troduced for consumption in Britain. It re
 mains, however, to be seen whether the
 friends of the slave in England will yet al
 low the Sugar Act of 1846 to be carried into
 full effect. I much doubt it. At least this
 wili not be done, I believe without a very se
 rious struggle, in Parliament. I yesterday
 went with our party .to see a slaver, brought
 into Kingston within a day or two, with the
 slaves on boird. She was first seen by a
 British cruiser near the Isle of Pines on the
 coast of Cuba, for which country the slaves
 were destined, and secured after a chase of
 49 hours. This slaver was a favoiable speci
 mjn of the mode in which the horrid traffic
 in human beings is carried on as she had on
 ly 350 slaves on board when she left the
 coast of Africa, and was of the burden of
 288 tuns. It had, however, been intended
 as we were informed, to ship a much larger
 number. Of the original cargo, 50 had died
 before the capture and 40 since,.leaving about
 250 men, woman and children. Of these,
 from their appearance, there can he little
 doubt hut that some will yet be added to the
 list of death connected with the diabolical en
 terprise. We saw the slave captain, whose
 countenance indicated as utter an absence of
 feeling as can well be conceived in a human
 he ng. When shall this abominable traffic
 cease? When your country shall do its duty
 in the Abolition of Slavery; and that day is
 not, I trust, distant. Slavery and the slave
 trade will soon be doomed in Brazil and Cu
 ba- J. Candler and I propose to visit, during
 a stay of about a month in the United States
 of America, some of your principle cities
 proceeding as far South as Washington, and
 probably embarking at Boston for England,
 where I hope within less than three months
 from this time, once more to see my beloved
 family.
With kind regards, I remain, very sincere'
 ly, G. W. A.
Fugitive Slaves.—We find the follow
 ing statement in the Philadelphia North
 American. The facts are curious, and furnish
 abundant matter for reflection:
About 12 years since a Whig member of
 Congress from Kentucky proposed a new
 fugitive hill, with more stringent provisions;
 it was voted down at once by the democratic
 majority, as wholly unneeessaty and inex
 pedient. At a late peiiod in 1841-2, Gen.
 Bavlv, present Chairman of the Committee
 of Ways and Means in the House, made a
 report in the Virginia Legislature on the
 .subject, asserting, very emphatically, ihat
 “the law of 1693 was as nearly perfect as it
 could be, rum further legislation by
 Congress was necessary.” 4. d!“ r “p‘*rt was
 sanctioned by the Virginia Legislature, and,
 until recently, has been universally acquiesced
 in by the Soutn.
 This call for further legislation for the re
 covery of fugitive slaves, i 9 therefore a new
 device, got up to serve th 9 purposes of the
 day.
K 7» Fanny Wright is said to be preparing
 a wofk foj thd Press,
The Isthmus Railroad.—The New T
 Courier Enquirer thinks that it will r&gt;
 ouire l«o years for the Panama Railroad Co
 in finish their mad as far as Gorgona, a d.
 tance of 30 miles from Navy Bay. How lot
it will be before the road will be in operatio
 between the ocpans, is, at best, a matter
 conjecture, owing to the unhealthiness of i}:
 climate, and the intermitting manner in whir
 the work will hive to be prosecuted, becans
 of the interruptions of the rainy season; hi
 we shall give the company credit for gree
 energy, and skillful use Df means, if the
 road shall be in readiness for transportation h
 four years from the time of their hreakinr
 ground. This, it regards as quite too long
 time to wait, and suggests tie propriety o
 ihe construction of a pi ink roar! across th&gt;
 Isthmus as a temporary means of transports
 tion. With suitable preparation, with prope
 energy, and in proper hands, it could be con
 structed in one season, at a cost not exceed
 ing four hundred thousand dollars.
Gen. Taylor and the Cuban Expkdi
 tion.—The promptness with which Gen.
 Taylor called in requis tion the naval force o 1
 the United States, as far as necessary to ar
 rest the contemplated piratical aggression on
 the Island of Cuba, meets with uhiversal ap
 proved, it we except a few of the “baser
 sort"’ who, regardless of all laws, human and
 divine, look with a fiend-like p’easure upon
 an expedition, the actors in which are prompt
 ed by no higher motives than that of rapin'
 and plundet. Bit* this promptness on the
 part of the President should induce ihe Span
 ish Government to use as great a degree of
 clemency as consistent wiih public safely
 If, as reported, they shall persist in the exer
 cise of wanton cruelty towards person taken
 on netural ground, guilty of no aggression l
 Gen. Taylor with equal promptness and wiih
 a motive equally praiseworthy, will demand
 and secure their release.
Long Speeches.—The Presbyterian, in
 speaking of the impropriety of long speeches
 at the anniversaries, tells the following anec
 dote:
“At a religious anniversary in England, a
 few years ago. a verv excellent hut eccentric
 clergyman was called on to close the meeting
 with prayer, and as the exercises had been
 protracted to an unusually late hour, and
 many of the audience had already left the
 house from excessive fatigue, he was request
 ed to offer a short prayer, which he did iu the
 words following:
 “O Lord, forgive the tsdiousness of the
 speakers, and the weariness of the hearers,
 Amen.”
Facts about Cuba. —The population of
 Cuba, in 1846, consisted of 425.767 whites.
 149,226 free colored, and 323.750; total,
 898,752. The length of the Island, in the
 shortest line from east to west, is 680 miles.
 In its narrowest part, ihe Isiand is 26 miles
 broad. In the broadest part it is 135 miles
 wide. It lies lengthwise in the Gulf of
 Mexico, the western extremity being 135
 miles from Yucatan, and its northern shore
113 miles from Florida. Thels'and contsins
 45,530 square miles. The arrea of the State
 of New York is 46,200 square miles.— Lock.
 Courier.
LATER FROM LIBERIA
The Commercial Advertiser publishes
 a letter from Grov. Roberts, of Liberia,
 dated April 20, from which we make
 the following extract:
I am happy to inform you that no
 thing has occured since my last letter
 to you to interrupt the even progress
 of our public affairs. By the Liberia
 packet and bark Chieftain, Mr. McLain,
 sent us a small amount of funds to aid
 in the purchase of territory, which we!
 have turned to good account We
 have just purchased three tracts of
 country in the neighborhood ofGallinas
 and paid the first instalment. I am
 about to visit Gallinas myself, to con
 clude the purchase of that famous spot,
 and two or three other tracks, which
 will give us all the territory lying be
 tween our present north-west boundary
 line and the bar; nnd will enable U 3 to
 extirpate effectually the slave trade
 from the whole windward coast. For
 Gallinas we shall have to pay several
 thousand dollars; therefore, we look
 with deep concern for assistance from
 Mr. McLain by the return packet.
 I am. dear Sir, your obedient servant.
 J. J. ROBERTS.
 A. G. Phelps, Esq.
For Me North Star, from the 13 th to the 20 th
 of June.
 Jo siah Fuller $2,00
 Alexander Cummings 2,00
 J. Burpee
 Miss. M. Tompkins 4=90
 Eiss. M. Freeman 2,00
 Miss. M. Bivens LOO
 Nelson Thatcher 2,00
 Mis. M. Riley I=oo
 Andrew Brown I&gt;oo
 E. T. Brewer I=oo
 VV. G. Baiker I=oo
 John Cowell I=oo
 M. Sc M. Permock 2,00
 Ruth Gould 1,00
 Henry J. Hicks 2,00
 Thomas Boss 2,00
 Robert Hall 1,00
 G. W. Dean I=oo
 Peter Camaa 1 00
 Frederick Miles 2,00
 John Smith 100
COMFORT FOR THE AGED
The Montreal Transcript, one of the best papers
 in Canada, speaking of Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 Cherry, June 19, 1819, says:—
 We believe it to be generally recognized ns a
 useful medicme by medical men, and we can state
 with perfect tr. ll) and sincerity, that in one case
 with which we are more particularly acquainted—
 that of an old gentleman, at least eighty years of
 age, residing a few milesfrom this city, and who is
 troubled at limes with an asihmatical complaint, the
 most decided relief is obtained whenever he makes
 use of the balsam, —this, at the adva =ced period of
 life which he has arrived at, may be considered an
 unanswerable proof of its vir.ues
 [From the Boston Daily Bee,]
From some little experience of our ow n, we tes
 tify the superiority of the Balsam of Wild Cherry,
 and we hare been repeatedly assured by quite a
 number of our personal friends who have used it
 with success in pulmonary comp aints, the phthisic,
 asthma, night sweets, &amp;c., that they regard it as
 one of the most beuefirent remedial agents of
 the time.
Seth W, Fowle, Druggist, No. 138 Washington
 street, Boston, Ma«s. is the sole proprietor ot the
 original recipt foi the manufacture of the genuine
 medicine, and supplies both at wholesale and retail,
 and of whom agencies can be obtained.
 Lo dt out for imitations and counterfeits. Re-
member ihe original and only genuine article, a
 ways bear the signature of 1. BU TS, upou the
 outside wrapper.
For sale by Post Willis; also by Wat
 PllKlK.
TWENTY dollars.
BUR&gt; INGTON, lowa, Dec 1, 1848
N. Woolsey C&gt;.~Gentlemen: Since my visi'
 to Chicago in June last, 1 have used Sloan’s Oint
 ment and Condition Powders, an I find them lul!\
 equal, if not superior to what is recommended, i
 have spent more than* tweivy dollars” for expei i
 menu, and one box of Sloan’s Ointment and a pa k
 age of the Condition Powders are woith more th n
 all. Ido not give my te timony to have my name
 sounded in the papers, but because 1 believe limt
 justice to the i üblic, as well as to [he Maker aw
 Vender of a really good article, should be rewind
 ed.
 X live at Toolsboro, Louisa county, lowa, an
 can be consulted in proof of the above la ts-
 JAMES ‘.TOOLE,
{fcJ-See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’.-
 Columu. For further particulars and testimonials
 get Pamphleta from Agents.
bucrtis c in c n 15
Old Ladies Take Notice!
 T IIA VIS now on hand and am constantly mann
 -1 Leaning, FRON I' BANDS, to cover up th.
 ray hair, and b.dd places upon the front part o th&lt;
 e;id and temples—and I will B**l] a neater, enrap
 i and better hi tide than can be bought in the
 late.
Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, -calps. and Braids.
 J. ROi INSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring th
 i ir black. _
 p&gt;id for Human Hair. ju 6
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, General Agent, Bool&gt;-
 J Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Write'-, would most respectfully inform lib
 t lends and the public in general, that he has fot
 heir accommodation, opened his office for al
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 g accounts, writing letters upon business, &amp;c
 Deeds, Wills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing ol
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports, communications, &amp;c &amp;c at N 0.169
 South Sixth Street, below I me, Philadelphia, 1 a
 where by his strict attention to bns-iness he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 P M.
Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and ihe sale ot Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery.
WONDERFUL BOOK.
NOW READY.
 Tlic Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of a I
 lie Strange Phenonetia connected therewith, th*
 Spiritual Communications &amp;c. &amp;c pi ice, single
 12ic.ts —10 copies for sl. Orders by mail will b.
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works t&lt;
 whom w foieelmnce to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from #ls to §25 rcqmree, ami
 the agent will bo indemnified agai st. lo^s.
 D. M. DEW fc. x
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of tin
 State of Pennsylvania, located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the Stale of Penn
 sylvania. __
 Terms for Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 16S
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
THE
 NEW" ENGLANDER:
A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education Literature Rfutm and Jn
 telligonce generally
WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
editors
IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources of nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely exptesses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the gieat re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stor.es,
 Letters from Correspondents, A tides on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters, Literary Votings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the Aews
 of the Week. T
 BCf- The NEVV-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders paid) to
 WILLIAM A. W HI 1 E,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 Schiol St. Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
Water-Cuke. In another page of d'is papei
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. CHARLES
 MuNDe’s establishment for Water-Cure, at Noith
 nmpton, Mass. We, some months since, had toe
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in tl.is country ol
 Dr. W. as a political lefugee, born D.esden, am.
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 tituti .nar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he ple
 nties, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New Eng and.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
Water-Cure Establishment,
 T NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN-
 J± DE respectfully informs his friends awl the
 public, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Rubles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville.
 2i miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spaciou
 buildings offer all the neces-ary conveniences foi
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and aii y lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for eitf.er sex, a gymnasium, e c.
 Tlie Doctor being the earliest now Lv ng disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenbutgh, and having an ex
 perience of moi e than 15 yeat s of his ow n, his wi it
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydiopath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO TIIE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and tiie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins
 Black Silks, French Merinos, 'Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL.
 j CALL AND SEE FOR yourselves as we fee
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are ai
 j least 25 per cent, less than ihe materials can b&lt;
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more stipe
 j rior man: er than they can get them made up them-
 I selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,5(
 each.
Our stock of rich Black Silks, '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low fri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invitei
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, am
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The Old Curosity Shop,
 r At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronagi
 awarded him, would respectfully inform hi.-
 friends and the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New am
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanics
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all tliosi
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intentioi
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnishe
 with an endless variety of articles for which he wi
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatnes
 and despatch.
 Dout forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Dental Surgery.
I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocheste
 and surrounding country, that 1 have removed nr
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwellin
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
1 hankful for past favors in the line of my profe
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfU
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their p;
 ironage. I would invite all those who are d&lt;
 ■urou* ofhaving operations performed on tiie teeth
 if having teeth inserted to call on me and satis'
 themselves.
A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on th
 eeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. y
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
CtJ* All the medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post Willis, Winslow Young, Ro
 chester; S. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. &amp;A. Frye, P.rockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pntsford; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 ino-t druggists throughout the United States.
FAMILY OINT3IENT.
 OLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally ac
 &lt;J knowledged to be an infalliible remedy, in every
 case wheru it has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, back, and the
 other parts of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald-
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, 111.
doctoring in galena.
Mr. Sloan: Dear Sir. About three years age
 I was severely injured in one of mv iegs by tne
 fulling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being w ell again it in order
 that I might neglect no means .loin iny reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge my surprise and
 gratitude bettet than I canexpiess it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
These facts T make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to Lie. Respectfully,
 your raieful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 bands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise Ins feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft am: free fiom -racks, all
 from one application of your \)iut ment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as ail experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy at-lie, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, &amp;c.
ISAAC PADFN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849
Dr. VV. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 (he greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I leave a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould npt get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
Respectfully yours
 C.B. OS TRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEBT
 HORSE MEDICINE
in the world.
SLOAN’S 01!\ IMI-lIT,
 AND
CONDITION POWDER
HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS
YV. D. Sloan:—
Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught lire, and before the Haines could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add Unit the child is
 now well and about her business.—'l he medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
1 feel indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or jour medicine, I
 am ready and willing to peiform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849. J
For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty J
 ’.and Thoroughnts S],OA l\’S
 OINTMEJST Excels,
And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 iiseases:
Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
Tiie Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.’
 W.B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MUCH
Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Ilorse Medi
 dines Our neighbors, fiiends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastily their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cencc. Cutes, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and lest lor your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 1849.
 s
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
Extract from the Waukesha Democrat,' His.
M.y 9,1849
 “Sloan’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 drat he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment m
 -everal instances during the past winter, and
 ilways with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 ecommend it to those who have the use and care'
 •f lioises. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 -poken of generally, and from ilit* favorable ao
 (uaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 o believe that they are piepared with a view to
 &lt;ive a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re*
 ;ommended
RATTLE snake bite.
Pr. W. B. Sloan —Dear NVr—l-astmonth M
 A. B. Tailor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, hadi
 liose badly bitten on ti e n&lt; se by a Rattlesnake
 -ometeri hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 emarkably swollen, 1 immediately applied your
 lintment freely, and we were astonished at the
 rompt relief aliorded. In less than oqq hour ihe
 welling began to abate, and in twenty tiour hours it
 ad nearly all subsided, ami within three dave the
 orse was not only fit for use, but was actually pi« »o
 lard labor without any injurious result
L. S. BARTW TT
 Chicago, (IU June 8,
y.a.r*.
