full share of the odium that you may think
 proper to throw on colomzationiste, and for a
 private individual, my zeal will entitle me to
 »ot a vety small portion of the wrath that
 should be visited on the heads of those who
 have aided (by their exettions, their influence,
 their money) this most diabolical and wicked
 scheme, as it has been termed. It is not to
 deprecate your wrath or your censure that I
 write, although I believe the time will come,
 and that before many years, when Fredeiick
 Douglass will I* convinced, that African
 c 'lonization is one of the most povvertul
 means not only for regenerating Africa, but
 for regenerating America, in effecting ihe
 abolition of slavery, and aiding largely in the
 emancipation of the free colored population
 of the United S;ates from th* weight of
 prejudice that keeps them down, paralyses
 their exertions, and crushes their hopes; and
 that being so convinced, he will have the man
 liness arid independence to acknowledge that
 the men who have accomplished this are not
 quite such bad men as he had taken them to
 be, not altogether such an association of foojs j
 and knaves as they are represented. I am fully
 aware of the difficulties you would encounter
 afte r oveicoming the deep-rooted prejudice o f
 your own mind in going counter to the gen
 eral sentiment of your friends, in acknowl
 edging your error and their error in this re
 spect. Had I time, and was it important to my
 present purpose, 1 coaid prove to you that the
 most zealous colonizationists, those on whom 1
 the cause depends for support, and who have
 sustained it through all its difficulties, are the
 friends of the colored man in America, as
 well as as in Africa-, that the most prominent
 friends of the Colonization cause in one State
 were among the truest friends of the colored
 man in advocating his rights to citizenship in
 Pennsylvania, by resisting the introduction ul
 tli e word while, -in our late convention for re
 vising the constitution a few years since.
 Who ate the friends of ihe Emancipation
 cause in Kentucky; and who have labored
 so hard and persevering to accomplish it the
 last year, against the proscriptive influence
 of the pro-slavery party? Nearly every man
 of them colonizatioiusts (the BreckeniJaps,
 Young, Cassius M. Clay, and so on. And in
 your own State, who has more manfully ad
 vocated the right of tiie colored man than
 Horace Grleley? I presume that ’you are
 ready to say, as I believe you have said be
 fore, that there are honorable exceptions, and
 that in charging upon colonizationist a ha
 tred to the black man, you do not mean
 to include some good, well meaning mejh, 1
 who have been misled by the scheme. Now,
 sir, here is where I think you make the mis
 take. You are accustomed to consider col
 onization as a southern scheme, got up and
 sustained by slaveholders, to git rid of the
 few colored population, that they may the
 more scarcely hold then slaves; and in sup
 port of this opinion you will quote from
 speeches from Southern mer, made in favor
 of African colonization, where the free man
 of color is as a “nuance,” or “un
 worthy forgetting, at the
 Hftfe
 Ml
 i§jp,
 ftn-
 PP
 If’
 llr
 from the
 men that comiWpeople *are in the habit of
 calling upon for aid, looking to as their friends
 at times of difficulty.
 Ae a case in point; I sea in the last num
 ber of the North Star, of June 13lb, a letter
 from Mr. J. B. Yashon.of Pittsburgh, calling
 colonization the twin-sisler of slavery, and
 denouncing every man who allows himself to
 be colonized in Africa, as an enemy to the
 slave, and a traitor to the anti-slavery cause.”
 Yet when in Pittsburgh, a few years since,
 I saw Mr. Yashon, and had a conversation
 with him on the subject of colonization in
 the course of which 1 asked him who he
 called upon when they wanted to build a
 church, or for aid to the colored man—whether
 it was not such men as Hon. Walter Fotward,*
 or Charley Brewer, Esq. 7 (th#bnly coloni
 zationists that I happened to know.) Yet he
 said these very men that his son was then
 studying law' with Mr. Forward, and that Mr.
 F. had endorsed his note at a 1 ank for several
 thousand dollars. Mr. Brewer, -too, they
 looked upon as a friend in need. Yet both
 these men do more for colonization than nine
 teeu-iwe;itieihs of the whole population of
 South Carolina. Mr. Yashon informed me,
 at the same conversation, that his son intended
 to emigrate to France or Mexico; and has
 since then, I learn, gone tb, or “suffered him
 self to be colonized” in, Haiti. Has he ihus
 proved himself an enemy to the slave, ls
 and an enemy to the anti-slavery cause
 Or is it only going to Africa that makes this
 gre at difference
 But 1 see that you do not make this dis
 tinction, as you say in the same paper In reply
 to Horace Greeley To our apprehension,
 it is far more noble on the part of the free
 colored people to remain here, struggling
 against the adverse winds of and
 slavery, than selfishly to quit the country
 with a view of bettering their own condition.”
 You say further, “Let Mr. Greeley complain
 as much as he may of our determination to
 remain here. It shall go hard with us, befote
 we shall consent tc leave these shores, while
 three million of our*countrymen are in chains.
 We ate resolved to fall or flourish with
 them.”
 Well, sir. I can hardly suppose lh.»! Horace
 Greeley, or any other righl-lhinku.g man,
 does wish Frederick Douglass to leave these
 shores. Such men as yourself, Samuel K.
 Ward, H. H. Garnet, and a few others, are
 no doubt doing as much good for your race,
 and probably a good deal more, than if you
 were in Africa. But is that a reason for
 pieventing those who are not so favorably cir
 cumstanced, who have not had the opportu
 nity for displaying their native talents here,
 and are so situated as not readily to acquire
 the education necessary thereto, from emi
 grating to Africa, or any where else, if they
 desire it, without being denounced as self
 ish, as an enemy to the slave, and a
 traitor to the anti-slavery cause?" 1 think
 you would hardly like to be judged by your
 own principles. Were you not born in Mary
 land? Does not slavery exist there? And
h**e you not left yoar brethren in bonds, to
 settle (call it colonize or emigrate, as you
 please) in Western New Yoik, to breathe the
 air of freedom, while your brethren are suf
 fetlng under the Jash in Maryland Was
 that selfish» Are you thereby an enemy to
 the slave,” and a traitor to the anti-slavery
 cause?” I should say, by no means; that
 although you are enjoying a state of freedom
 and equality that you could not have done in
 Maryland, yet you have acquired an educa
 tion and move in a society that you could not
 obtain in a slave state. You edit a paper,
 and can lecture to your countrymen, both
 white and colored, on theevil9 of slavery, and
 accomplish, in this way, a thousand-fold more
 for your oppressed brethren, than if you had
 remained in your native State. Is it not so
 Is not every colored man who leaves the
 South when he was born, and when his
 brother in chains yet remain, enabled to do
 more for them here, with greater opportunity
 of acting on public sentiment, than by remain
 ing there J Yet. according to your doctrine,
 (for the principle is the same precisely,) no
 one should leave the Southern States, while
 slavery exists. You not only came away
 from it yourself, but, if I mistake not, you
 are willing to aid others in doing the same,
 even to colonizing in Canada, in a cold, un
 congenial climate, and where their efforts
 cannot so well tell on slavery in the Southern
 States. All this I by no means object to.—
 Any condition, in my opinion, is better than
 slavery. But if you can see the consistency
 of denouncing those who escape from slavery,
 or from the prejudice arising from slavery,
 which cramps all their energies to a county
 where they can enjoy all the rights of man—
 to a country governed entirely by slavehold
 ers—where they can make themselves re
 spected, and bring all their talents, all their
 industry, all the influence of their associated
 force, through the government established by
 themselves, to bear directly on slavery, and
 in favor of their oppressed brethren, both bond
 and free., and be satisfied with yourself for
 doing thing, is more than I can
 the who
 the followers of Fox and
 persecution in England
 Would they have
 accomplished more by remaining in England,
 where they were oppressed and taxed to sus
 tain what their conscience could not consent,
 to, by colonizing America, and building up a
 government based on the principles'&amp;f-free
 dom I cannot believe that you so think.—
 And why you should not be willing that your
 colored brethren should enjoy the privileges
 that you could accord to your while brethren,
 is to me a mystery. The fact is—allow me
 to say so—that you do youtself injustice in
 this matter, as well as your brethren. You
 have looked at one side of the picture so long
 and so intently, that you see the
 other. A few weeks since, in publishing the
 account of the mass meeting of colored men
 in St. Louis in favor of colonization, when
 Mt. Bell declared his intention 1 6 remove to
 Liberia, and saying that the few months he
 spent there was the only real freedom that he
 had known in his life, you asked, “What ails
 the man?” “Has he been to Africa since
 he published iiis pamphlet Allow me to
 say, sir, the error was with yourself. You
 published only part of his remarks, and that
 part the most unfavorable to Liberia; and in
 endeavoring to give a wrong view to others,
 you got a wrong view yourself, and perhaps
 really convinced yiißragJfij’tjiat Mr. B. had
 given a discouraging account of the country.
 Should you giv&amp;mf|jg9rajMn| for dofl|r so,
 that colomzalionimJflHßHftlering an ac
 count, and that yefWltly iMalted to give the
 other side, 1 would remind you that two
 wrongs never make a right, and that the only
 proper way is, to ftell the truth, the whole
 truth, and nothing but the trul^”
 I have spun out a long letter, and spoken
 my mind very p&amp;ainly; but I trust thatlf you
 «ree with me in all my views, you
 ider the subject of sufficient import
 ie welfare of a suf
 ficient apology torone
 that I feel sure is interested in allJipt con
 cerns the interest, 1 nftTprestfrtt and future, of
 his oppressed brethren.
 I am, very respectfully,
 BENJAMIN COATES.
 The Downward Tendency of Freedem
 at Washington.
 Thdcompromise bill is gradually assuming
 a shape, adapting it more satisfactorily to thh
 views of slaveholders. Congress is to inter
 pose no obstacle to the introduction of slavery
 into the Territories. The Territorial Legis
 lature prohibited from interfering against its
 introduction, but arc permitted to pass police
 regulations to enforce its claims, should it be
 extended there. And, as if to encourage the
 slaveholders to emigrate thither with their
 slaves, the Senate, last Monday, after a full
 discussion, resolved, by a vote of thirty-eight
 to twelve, that “when the said Territory, or
 any portion, of it, should be admitted as a
 State, it shall be received into the Union,
 with or without slavery, as Constitution
 may prescribe at the time of their admission!”
 The yeas and nays were as follows:
 Yt\s—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell,
 Benton, Berrien, Bright, Dutler. Cass, (.'lay,
 Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Daw
 son, Dodgeoflowa, Douglas, Downs, Foote,
 Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Mor
 ton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Uusk, Sebastian,
 Shields, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney,
 Underwood, Wales, Webster, Whilecomb,
 and Yu lee—3o.
 Nays—Messrs. Baldwin, Case, Clarke,
 Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of
 Wisconsin, Greene, Hale, Miller, Smith,
 Upham, and Walker—l 2.
 So the amendment was agreed to.
 Senators from the free States voting in the
 affirmative: Blight, Cass, Dodge of lowa,
 Douglas, Jones, Norris,-Shields, Sturgeon,
 Whitecomb— Democrats, 9. Cooper, Webster
 V\ higs. 2.
 The amendment was moved for several
 purposes, li w as desirable to draw a dis
 tinct line between tiiC Free Soil men and the
 old parties, so as to destroy, if possible, the
 influence of the former, (l was important to
 have a provision in the bill which should give
 countenance to the idea that Slavery could
 legally obtain foothold in the Territories. It
 was an object to stimulate the immigration of
 slaveholders to the Territories, and therefore
 necessary to remove any apprehension in their
 minds, that they might be divested of their
 slaves if they went there. Although the
 amendment is an abstraction, although one
 Congees cannot bind the action of another,
 still it war of great importance to the slave
 holders, to eztort from the free Stale mem
 bers a provision, which might serve as
 ground for the charge of bad faith against
 the North, should its Representatives here
 after, tine U) the interests of Freedom, re
 solve to discountenance the formation ofalave
 States.— National Era,
Slaves Re-Captured.
 The London Standard, of the 28th, pub
 lishes the following particulars of a slaver,
 by H. M. schooner Bermuda, Lieut. Jolly:
 “The Bermuda, it seems, was at anchor
 off the Isle of Pines, on the south side of
 Cuba, on the 20lh, qlt., when a low, suspi
 cious lookingbrig was discovered outside,
 steering for land, hut without showing any
 colors. Suspecting the vessel to be a slaver,
 L eut. Jolly immediately got his little vessel
 under way, and stood out for the purpose of
 overhauling and examining her. The brig,
 however, on discovering the Bermuda, at
 once altered her course, and made all sail ofl
 the land, the Bermuda in chase, and it was
 not until after a run of 49 hours, when the
 chase had made considerable way into the
 Gulf of Mexico, that the Burinuda succeeded
 in disabling her, and making her a prize.
 “In the course of the chase, eighty shots
 were fired from the Bermuda, many of which
 told on the rigging, which was eventually so
 disabled as to make her an easy prize. She
 proved to be the Clementio of Rio Janerio.
 176 tons Brazilian measurment, commanded
 by Joas Goncales Bandeira. She had on
 board, when taken, 284 slaves, of whom,
 several have died since their capture, from the
 slate of debility in which they were, in con
 sequence of the want of food which was en
 'irely out when she was captured. The ves
 sel had Brazilian papers, dated in Novem
 ber, 1848; and, prior to her surrender, she
 hn:sted Brazillian cslors. She had taken a
 Cuban pilot on board, and was about to land
 her cargo on ihe Isle ot Pines, when discover
 ed f»v H. M. schooner.
 “The brig is a very beautiful one, and a
 clipper. She is coppered, and said to be
 worth one thousand pounds.
 “The vessel and cargo will be proceeded
 against in the Vice Admiralty Court, under the
 British statute, which especially gives juris
 diction to the Vice Admiralty Courts in sim
 ilar cases.
 “The Africans are to be landed this morn
 ing at Fort Augusta, as we have been gjven
 (o understand.
 The same journal, of the 25th, gives the
 following account of the disposition of the
 slaves.
 “The African* who formed the cargqj
 ihe brig Clementio, prize to 11. M. schoonOT
 Bermuda, were landed, to the number of 245
 (all who survive of the 281 on borad the prize
 at the lime of her capture,) on Tuesday morn
 ing, at Fort Augusta, jn compliance with an
 order of the Executive, from which period
 they are placed under the charge of the prin
 ciple officers of the customs of Kingston. We
 learn that, as a bony, the Africans were m
 better health and condition than they are
 usually landed in after so long a voyage. A
 few of them, however, were affected with
 scurvy, and were very weak, and it is proba
 ble that several deaths will yet take placc
 ainong them. The majority of them are re
 presented as being healthy and comparatively
 strong.
 “They will remain at Fort Augusta until
 adjudication of the vessel and cargo by the
 Vice Admiralty Court, and I hey will then no
 doubt be placed under the charge of the
 Agent Genoral of Immigration, to be dispos
 ed of by him according to the provisions of
 the British statute, which directs that any
 slaves taken and condemned in Jamaica should
 be apprenticed out for seven years. These
 people cannot, of course, come within the
 ptovisions of our immigration acts. We hope
 that whenever it becomes the duty of the Ex
 ecutor or others to dispose of ihe cargo they
 will be carefully apportioned among agriouhral
 applicants, and not enverted into domestic ser
 vants, as a former cargo was, many years
 ago, to the great injury of the people them
 selves. and to the vast discomfort of those
 who rcee.ved them.”— Anti-Slavery Stan
 dard.
 Sons of Temperance—An Outrage.
 The National Division of the Sons of Tem
 perance, last week, decided by a vote of 75
 to 6, that the admission of negroes irTto the
 order is “illegal.” This decision is a direct
 and palpable violation of the constitution of
 the order, which declare# that any man of
 good moral character may be admitted. This
 decision, we repeat, is a violation of the Con
 stitution of the Order, and an outrage upon
 the rights of members who have united with
 the Order, nut deeming that it was to be
 converted into an engine to opopose and de
 grade a portion of the community. This re
 sult has been biought about by the dictation
 of slaveholders. Some of these gentry hold
 ing 400 slaves wetejttpsent, and showed
 their hostility to the cwbred men by getting
 angry, because a company of colored boys
 walked in the procession.
 But we are surprised that the members or
 (hat Division should be willing to yield to
 demands of these slaveholders. Their con
 duct de*erves the ajernest condemnation of
 every friend of temperance in the free States.
 Some of these members, we blush to say, are
 members ol the Free Soil parly. Their con
 duct has disgraced and dishonored the party,
 and we trust they will leave iiatonce, or that
 they will be kicked out of it. One of these
 members, Mr. Nathaniel Wilson, of Oiwno,
 Me., was a Free Soil candidate for the Sen
 ate of that Slate last year. He has been false
 and recreant to principles. Such Free Soil
 ism is mere hollow-hearted pretence. Out
 upon it!
 Rev. Andrew L. Stone, of Park street
 Church, voted to violate the charier, by de
 claring that it is “illegal” to admit negroes
 into the Order. We are surprised at this
 act. This gentleman has uttered bold words
 in favor of “Liberty, Equality, and Fratern
 ity.” He was also called upon to act, and he
 shows that it easier for some rqon to preach
 than to act up to their professions. It is
 easier to utter brave words than to act brave
 deeds.
 The anti-slavery men are generally friends
 of temperance. Thousands of them have
 joined the Ordei of the Sons of Temperance.
 They did not think that this Order was to be
 converted into an instrumentality to
 and Jegrade a class of men among
 are already degraded and oppressed. We
 are glad to know that William A. White
 boldly and manfully denounced this act and
 left the division. All honor to the gix tjfee
 men who had the courage to be true*io p'Wi
 ciplc and duty.— Emancipator Rep.
 LCr' The New Comet is now faintly visible
 to the naked eye, in the constellation Ursa
 Minor. It will continue to approach the
 earth until the middle of July, when it will
 altainfK minimum distance from us of about
 thirty-eight millions of miles, or less than
 one half it# present distance. As it is also
 appioaching the Sun, it xtll become'five or
 six times brighter than it now is.
 On the Uih of July it will be seen a few
 degrees to tiie west of the bright star Arctu
 rus, in the constellation Bootes. Moving
 rapidly to the South, it will pats near the
 star Spica Virginis on the 23d of July and
 will soon after descend below the southed
 horizon.
 As it is already fast increasing in bright
 ness, it will probably be distinctly visible to
 the naked eye during the middle of July.
 The Colored Home.— The pat.ons of the
 Colored Home, celebrated the tenth anniver
 sary of this excellent and praiseworthy inst
 tution, on Tuesday afternoon, in the new and
 handsome building lately erected on Sixty-
 Fifth-street, between First Avenue and
 Avenue A. The spacious rooms were crowd
 ed w jth the friends and patrons of the Institu
 tion. After the riding of the annual re
 port, which gave a gratifying account T&gt;f the
 present prosperity of the Colored Home,
 several appropriate addressee were delivered
 »y a number of gentlemen present on the
 rccasaion. The Home is one of the most
 neritorious charities of the city. It extends
 he helping hand to a class whose social de
 iression is apt to deprive them of the very
 ympalhy that depression gives the occasion
 or; and it i* admirably managed, and has ac
 tomplished much good. N. Y. Evangelist.
Virginia—Effects of Slavery.
 Horace Greeley has been Ira Telling in the
 Old Dominion visiting her Gold-Mines. He
 gives the following sad picture of the State
 that boasts of being the mother of Steles and
 of statesmen:
 “The soil has long subjected to the
 wretched cultivation to which Virginia is
 I pre-eminent—exhausted by crop afterjerop o!
 Corn or Wheat without fertilizing —‘nigger-
 ed out’—and then thrown up and allowed to
 f return lazily into forest. At this moment.
 not one-fourth of the soil in the counties 1
 have visited is under any sort of cultivation.
 while the portion cultivated is hut wietchedly
 I skinned over. Not one-eighth of what the
 country ought to produce is produdted, al
 though (apart from a few gold-mines) Agri
 culture is the sole business carried on. Such
 an entire dearth of manufactories and me
 chanic aits a Yankee can hardly realize: and
 the churches and school-houses, scarce a:
 best are not equal to Dutch Barns. Th*
 schools are all private, and I wish the admi
 rers of the Voluntary System of Education
 would corns here and see it in operation. I
 think not half the children (out of the few and
 straggling villages) attend school as much as
 three months per annum, and many of those
 who do have to ti avel from two to three miles,
 often overtaken in the long stretenes of woods
 by violent thunder storms, and compelled to
 ford suddenly swollen torrents at the immi
 nent peril of drowning. Of tw'enty streams
 that you will cross in the course of a days’
 ride not two will have any sort of bridges,and
 this is a country which has been well settled
 for more than a cen'ury, and was probably
 almost as populous in Washington’s prime as
 it now is! No work, or next to none, is done
 on the roads, which are consequently all bui
 impassable except after days of bright, dry
 weathei. Indolence, improvidence, and ig
 norance of the main comforts of civilized life
 are displayed in the squalid, narrow, wretch
 ed log tenements which mainly serve for
 habitations—and on nearly everything else.
 Yet what Virginia will bear to be told of the
 ‘peculiar’ cause of all these evils and miser
 ies? He knows that if he will but open his
 eyes; but he loves the old ways of idleness
 and unlhrift, and, while he perceives their
 miseries,, refuses to acknowledge them even
 to h inself.
 This should be a joyous, populous, thrifty,
 wealthy region. It has the 6itn of Greece,
 the sky of Italy. Man has known no heal
 thier clime, no purer atmosphere. The toil
 naturally fertile, and easily cultivated; there
 are and limber in abundance,
 and the Gold-Mines must soon create exien
 sive and steady Home' Markets. A lovelier
 land lies not beneath the summer noen: nor
 one more inviting to effort; yet you ride for
 miles and miles through forests of oak and
 pine which serve hut as covers for game,
 though equal in beauty and fertility to the
 Ducal parks of England. And in the midst
 of these interminable forests you will fre
 quently pass the falling chimney, the scraggy
 apple free, the weedy patch of grass and
 briers, which tejl where the home of a family
 once nestled. The grave has claimed a part
 of them; the suivivers are in Alabama, Tex
 as, Illinois and California—anywhere, so that
 they may earn a livelihood without humilia
 tion in the eves of their companions of their
 childhood and the sharers of the follies w hich
 account downright labor of the hands ihe
 pro(&gt;er vocation of slaves and therefore dis
 honorable of freemen.
 Adieu, land of buried Greatness! I eould
 not think otherwise than regretfully of the
 soil that embosoms the ashes of Washington
 and Patrick Henry. Nay, I will think hope
 fully, trustingly ai™ It must be that Vir
 ginia is even now ,n since preparing to shake
 off the incubus that stifles her energies. O
 that her Statesmen about to assemble in con
 vention to revise her constitution could rise
 above the blighting prejudices of the law,
 and decree that, “From and after the Fourth
 of July, eighteen hundred and seventy six,
 there shall be no slavery in Virginia.
 Anti-Slavery Convention.
 A Christian Anti slavery Convention, call
 ed together by a few of the ministers in
 Ottawa and its vicinity, was held in the latter
 part of the last month, at that city, which
 was well attended, and presided over by Rev.J
 Chauncey Cook. The opening sermon was 1
 preached by Rev. Owen Lovejoy, and a
 series of resolutions, drafted by a Commit
 tee consisting of Messrs. McArthur, Love
 joy, Barrett, and Steele, was presentedTand
 adopted, on the subject of the
 church to slavery, which was as
 Whereas, we believe slavery to be
 Iff fearful magnitude—an impious invasion of
 human right*—and whereas the chuich of
 was instituted for the purpose of op
 jgß all sin, and has the power by generat-
 Htpjrhealthful public sentiment to secure
 right political action, so that no power could
 sustain slavery in the face of its combined op
 position, and as its present position tends to
 strengthen those political influence# which
 result in oppressive enactments, therefore:
 1. Resolved, That the Religious organiza
 tions—Churches—Ecclesiastical bodies—and
 Missionary Associations -who do uot array
 their influence against American slavery, are
 tesponsible for its existence and continuance
 with all its horrors and abominations; and all
 those who are in connection and ’fellowship
 with those bodies are individually partaker#
 in the guilt.
 2. Resolved, That the light which sixteen
 years’of extended and f aithful discussion has
 thrown upon the subject of human rights,
 has brought the churches and great religious
 organizations into a posi'ion w’here they must
 either abjpre American slavery by disfellow
 shiping, those who practice or defend it; or
 forfeit all claim to the and to
 acortlUtent regard for
 tenets of an evangelical faith.
 3. Resolved, That no legislative enact
 ments can make it wiong to aid in the escape
 of fugitives slaves from bondage. And in the
 event the bill now pending before the United
 States Senate for the recapture of fugitive
 slaves beemtes a law: we shall feel under ob
 ligations ityobey God rather than man, disre
 garding its requirement#.
 The proposal to form a permanent ecclesi
 astical organization on anti-slavery principles,
 was fully discussed, and referred to a com
 mittee-of five, to digest some plan for the
 purpose, to report at at a meeting (to which
 this was adjourned) to be held at Ottawa on
 the thitd Tuesday of September next.-—AW’
 Evangelist
 An Incident of ihe Si.ave Trade.—A
 gentleman lately from Missouri, relates to us
 the following incident: A slave-holder in the
 southern part of Missouri, started for Califor
 nia, taking with him a slave whom he had
 promised should accompany him to the mines,
 and then have an opportunity of earning
 enough to purchase Ins liberty and that of his
 wife and his children. The master proceed
 ed as far as St. Louis, and there placed him
 in a slave pen and sold him for $750. The
 agreement between the master and slave was,
 as the latter related it to our informant, that
 he should him to the mines, and
 work for hours every day, and have
 the his time to dig on “hi# own
 hook.” He was to pay his master eight hun
 dred dollar# for his liberty, six hundred for
 his wite’effcnd tour hundred each for his
 :htldren. “My heart was high,” said
 the negro as he related his story, “as I
 thought of the proepect of becoming free, #nd
 having my wife and children, but think how
 felt.” and the teats rolled down his cheeks,
 ‘when massa sell me to get money to carry
 aim to gold mines. Oh dare’er »o God for
 ny massa, he no go to hebben when he die.”
 ‘The story .was heart rending,” says our
 hiend, but he adds, “it is a scene of every
 lay life among slave trader#.”— Daily Wts
 onsin.
The Catholic Mu 4 oa Sletery.
 Amidst the developments which the vari
 ous denominations of Protestants are making
 of their views and position on the absorbing
 subject of slavery, it is important to arcertain
 The views of the large body of Roman Catho
 lics, whose votes and influence are to have
 not a little bearing upon the issue, at some
 stage of its progress. This position has sel
 dom been defined, they have had, on many
 accounts, a reputation of a friendly attitude,
 in reference to the subject, and which we
 hoped really belonged to them. It would
 seem, however, according to a late exposition
 of the doctrine of the church, given by Rev.
 Dr. Cammings at the Tabernacle, and to
 which public attention had been invited as a
 formal and authoritative expose of the Catho
 lic position, that the Catholic Church takes
 about the same ground as the Southern Pro
 testant churches. She proposes to take no
 ultra, rash or extreme ground—a model ol
 conservatism in this as in all other reforms.
 Christ’s command to render unto Cesar the
 things that he Cesar’s, and Paul’s practical
 comment thereon in sending a runaway slave
 back to his master as a slave, are the key of
 the Church’s doctrine on this point. “The
 slavery of Christ’s and the Apostles’ day
 could not have been violently abolished, with
 out overthrowing the civil institutions and
 jurisprudence of the times. No who'esale
 edict of Abolition was thought of, since the
 ruin it would have wrought would have been
 for worse than tiie evil it sought to oveturn.
 Christ and his Apostles never applied to
 the bioad law of Christian justice.
 The Church condemns cruelty and injustice;
 but for slavery as an institution, independent
 of isolated cases, she legislates h* Christian
 charity; not in philanthropy—a term which
 has been degraded to embrace all sorts of
 wild and profitless ideas. The sum of the
 Catholic doctrine, then, in regard to slavery
 throughout the world, wan to preach obedi
 ence to the slave, for the love of God—to the
 master, kindness and mercy, in view of the
 justice of God.” Wc doubt if Bishop Hugea
 would have taken such ground, but it must
 pass lor the present, as the doctrine of Catho
 lics on slavery, and they are welcome toil.—
 Yew Nork Evangelist.
 Sons of Temperance. —This body made
 a strong demonstration in this city, on Tues
 day, 11th instant. The Bee noticing it
 says.—
 The procession consisted of between four
 and five thousand persons. The most beau
 tiful and interesting feature of the pageant
 was the Cadets of Temperance—a son of
 cold water army of boys, organized under
 similar laws to those which govern the
 Sons. These boys are not only pledged
 against the use of iiquor, but also profane
 language and tobacco. They are organized
 under what is called ‘Sections.’ We no
 ticed with pleasure among the Cadets, a sec
 tion of colored boys. They looked as neat
 and prim as any in the ranks, and appeared
 perfectly delighted. The record of this one
 tact is proof that the Cadets are an ‘independ
 ent order.’
 While the speaking was going on, a gen
 tleman upon the platform called us ont one
 side, and whispered the following in our ear:
 “‘Mr. Patterson, of New Orleans, desires
 that the reporters will not mention the fact
 that colored hoys walked in the procession, for
 fear it might injure the reputation of the Or
 der!'
 Mr. Patterson is informed that such re
 quests may find listeners south of Mason ard
 Dixon’s line, but he has probably discovered
 by this time that he ha* not lound silent lis
 teners north of that latitude. We learn that
 several gentlemen of lender nerves, on see
 ing the happy little colored fellows in the
 procession, quietly slipped their collars off,
 aud left the ranks. Thete is no accounting
 for taste in some folks.
 Courage consists not in hazarding with
 out fear, but in being resolutely minded in a
 ii)Bt cause.— Cicero
MARRIED:
 In Philadelphia, at the house oCThom*s White,
 Esq-, on Tuesday tlie 18ih hiii.Hi. JOHN DICK,
 of Rochester, to Miss ELIZA GRIFFITHS, of
 f. union, by ti e Rev, Eugkhio Kincaid, Mi?-
 nionttry to Burnoah.
 Receipts
 For tfu North Star, from the 2 Oth tothe 27 th
 of June.
 Ruth Dngale 1,00
 Samuel Bavit 2,00
 Uvin Hill 2,00
 Abiam Vale 2.00
 SjX3el Sundy 2,00
 Azaliah Scliooley 2,00
 Asa Pulirei 1,00
 Jacob Benjamin 2,00
 A. C. Baeias 50
 Webster Saing 2,00
 Levi Wells 2,00
 C. T. Beach. 1,00
 L B. Curtis 1,00
 llfaed Myers 2,00
 Mrs. S. Mc’lntyre 1,00
 S. Grammia 1,00
 E. W. Boufoy 2,00
 WILD CHERRY BALSAM.
 The Boston Mercantile Journa l gives the fol
 lowing notice of the most popular remedy of the
 dav:
 We speak in praise of Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 Cherry, because we lielieve from our own know
 ledge of the article that it is one of the be t in the
 market for the complaints for which it is recom
 mended.
 i'liis medicine, coming from such a respectable
 source, and carefully prepared by an experienced
 and skilful physician, is received by the public with
 confidence. Its efficacy hits been proved in many
 obdurate cases of disease, and its fame lias rapidly
 extended. It has been extensively used in every
 part of the country, particularly in the Middle anil
 Northern States; and strong testimony from intelli
 gent and highly respectable persons has been ad
 duced in favot of its merits as a remedy for colds
 and roughs, affections of the chest, diseased liver,
 fcc, &amp;c.
 The genuine and original Dr. Wdstar’s Balsam
 of Wild Cherry, on account of its great popularity
 has been extensively counterfeited in Pliilidelphia,
 and some thousand unties of the spurious imitation
 thrown into the market and extensively circulated.
 Examine c'ose before purchasing! Look well to
 the marks. I’he genuine Balsam is put up in bot
 tles, with the words -‘Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 Cherry, Phil.,” blown in the glass; each bottle
 bearing a lable on the front, with the signature of
 H. WISTAR. M. D.
 This will l»e enveloped with a wrapper; copy
 wright secured, 1844; ou which will always appear
 the written signature of I. ByT'fS.
 For sale Posy Willis; also by W|| t
 Pit in.
 WISCONSIN WITNESS.
 Granvill, Milwaukee co., Wis ,Oct, IS, 1848
 Mr. Sloon—Dear Sir: Recently ray horses ran
 away with a long chain attached, which cut and
 otlierwise injured them seriously, so much so that I
 considered my team ruined for business. I went to
 Milwaukee and purchased a box. It soon removed
 the inhumation ami in a few days the wounds heal
 ed, The great benefit derived from the use of your
 Ointment, on my horses, induced me to acauaint
 you with the fact, believing its publicity woukt lien
 efit you and the public.
 Respectfully yours,
 GF.ORGF. COMSTOCK.
Job Printing!—Job Printing! I
 CORNER OF BUFFALO AND EXCHANGE ITS.,
 OVER I. BELDEN's HARDWARE STORE.
 SMITH CLOUGH,.
 Having recently made.volitions to their extensive
 Job Pointing Office, are prepared to execute, all or
 ders with neatness and despatch, aiffl on as lilieral
 terms as any establishment in Western New York
 —steam or no steam. With a new and improved
 card •press from the works of Hoe Si Co., and all
 &lt;lte late styles of type, we flatter Ourselves that our
 wirk of this kind cannot he surpassed. “Try Us.”
 Way Bills, Shipping Kilts,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases.
 Books, Pamphlets, &amp;c., Ike.,
 Done in style, at short notice.
 C.4HITH, W. X. CLOUGH.
trlisemrnts
014 Ladies Take Notice!
 I HAVE row on hand ami am constantly roanti
 factoring, FRONT BAIN OS, to cover up tb&lt;
 gray hair, and bald places tqton the front part of thi
 licad ami temples—and 1 will seH a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought in tin
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, and Braids.
 J. RObINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Abo, India Hair Dye, for coloring tbt
 Ik ir black.
 QO*Cash paid for Human Hair. ju 6—S*
 JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, General Agent, Book
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Writer, vronld most respectfully inform hit
 friends and tlie public in that lie has foi
 tlieir accommodation, opened his office for al
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 ing accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac
 Deeds, Wills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing o
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, live'
 laws, reports,communications, Ac Ac., at N0.1(59,
 .South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa
 where by hie strict attention to business he hope*
 to secure their patronage, anti merit tlieir confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office houri
 from 9 a.h. to 9 p m.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of laris in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
 WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western Naw York —A
 H istory of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac., price, single,
 12*08—10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from $l5 to $25 requiree, and
 tlie azent will bo indemnified agai. st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar 29 —4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State ot Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 w HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAYER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Ref arm and Jn
 telligonce genoraH^^
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS/ W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjeets, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 OCJ- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 titan six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Watf.r-Cure.—ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water*Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. Wc, some months since, bad {lie
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Or. W. ns a political teftigee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle bis permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydroftalhv, as well ae the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which lie pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and (lie
 public, that lie has become tlie owner of tlie late Dr.
 Kiiggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2* miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 6 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 rallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and alpndaiitly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. 'The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of mote than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 Euro|&gt;ean hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;0., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 call AND see roR yourselves as we feel
 warranted in (lie assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock'of rich Black Silks, 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call ami examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
 The 014 Curosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD BCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 Iriends and tlie public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment lie will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds anti ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 80 Smith s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 11 tank fit! lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give |ierfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa.
 tronage. I would invite all those, who are de
 sirous of having operations performed oe the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AU operations perforated by me oa the
 teeth and Ffcrie Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct, 18,1848. gf. i
 r
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
OOh All t»e medicine* advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post k Wilß*, Window k Yowng, |U
 i Chester; 8. Kenahnw, Frankfort; A. 8. Bwirsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. kA. Frye, Brock port; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsfard; W. William*, Buffalo; and by
 mo&gt;t druggirts throughout the United Stntee.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally M
 know leilged to tie an infailiible remedy, in every
 case wheni it has been faithfully applied on tUe hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the mtlanimat ion from a round, re
 lieving pain of every kind, amt in ita healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounre it the cheapest anil heal Fami
 W Ointment that lias ever been used. All disease*
 I Plesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Obi Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Rums, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 r th P in the face, sitle, bach, and the
 f? rti of ".'stem, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, F resh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40. Lake si., Chicago, 111.
 DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan: —Dear Sit. A Unit iliree years age
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by the
 failing of a pile of wood which occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure tliem; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg lie
 came as bail as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again hat in order
 that I might neglect no means o .lum my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o r my surprise and
 gratitude bettei than I can express it, to find iny
 selt entirely well before I had finislicd using llie
 second box.
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as ymw* Was proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS,
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
 ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time be first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times lie was obliged to go un his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; I ait to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth Soft an-l free from cracks, alt
 from one application of vour Ointment, I would’say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy utnte, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other,
 wise. Yours, kc.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Shebotgan, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 lhe greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. Tlie leg was so much swollen he
 would not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 rase without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I tailored at till the
 first of February, w ithout much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks lie was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THR WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTM«i'(T i
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERSj
 VV. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you iny unfeigned thanks for your unraRAL
 LKLKD Ointment. Three weeks ago my (laugh
 ter's clothes caught fire, and lielore the dames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so Iwdly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—'Die medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to lie. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel Jindedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 ana ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Purity, Mildness Safety, Certainty i
 land Thoroughne-Si SLOAPi'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ot the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills ol all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast, 6
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all iutiammatiou and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the boiil§||jLaiid
 hits proved a sovereign remedy for the loffe wing
 diseases: wL
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inwl§|i|;
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the
 Fatigue frqpi hard exercise. Also, Khrumatiaitfpi
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves soTit
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for' coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W.B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to’’ is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test loryour
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 18-19.
 I
 HIGHLY SPOKEN Or.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat,* Wu.
 May 9,1849
 “Sloan’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 that hi* has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that tliey are piepared with a view to
 give a real twnefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 BATTLE SNAKE BIT*.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan Dear i’lr-bst month M
 A. B. Taylor, ol'Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw tlte liprse, his iteaii was
 remarkably swollec, I immediately applied your
 Ointmeut freely, aed we were as'ionished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In less than one hour the
 swelling begun to aUte, and in twenty four hours it
 bad nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, IHU was actutflly put l«
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yottrs.
 Li d BARTLf iV
 Chicago,|(lU Jwq 9,19*1,
