From the National Era.
 Fugitive Slave*—Letter of Daniel
Webster.
The Latin poet tells us that the descent to
 the wicked place is easy. We are more
 pained than surprised, therefore, to find the
 great Massachusetts Senator taking another
 step downward.
 It seems that certain obsolete politicians
 and clergymen in the town of Newburyport
 have seen fit, in imitation of a similar class in
 Boston and Andover, to address him a letter
 of congratulation. To this letter he has pub
 lished a very appropriate, and, we doubt not.
 very satisfactory reply, consisting merely of
 a grave argument in support of the legal,
 moral, and religious obligation of slave-catch
 ing on the part of law-abiding citizens and
 Bible-loving Christians of the Free States
 It is a literary monstrosity which will make
 the fortune of the antiquarian who shall here
 after bring it to light, when Christian slave
 holding shall have become as difficult of com
 prehension as Christian cannibalism.
 If there is (as we may well question) any
 considerable amount of State pride, manly
 independence, or bonest patroitism, in those
 citizens of Massachusetts whom Daniel Web-
ster addresses, they will rise from the per
 usul of this letter, sslf-reproached, and cover
 *ed wiih shame, at the consideration that they
 volunteered their approbation of the course of
 its author. The man upon whom Massachu
 .g#Us has bestowed her highest honors and
 richest gifts is seen in this letter vilifying her
 character, contemptuously denouncing her
 laws, ridiculing her cherished principles, and
 making her love of freedom, and her in
 terest in the welfare of humanity, a cause of
 reproach and derision. The old Common
 wealth is betrayed by our own trusted and
 favorite representative. He, who should have
 been the first to defend he deliberately takes
 sides with her enemies. We know not how
 far forbearance may be carried in this case by
 his insulted constituency, but of one thing we
 are quite certain, not even John C. Calhoun,
 aim si idolized as he was by South Carolina,
 could have called in question the legislation,
 of his State on the subject of colored seamen,
 as Webster has that of Massachusetts in re
 lation to fugitives, and retained his plgLce as
 one of her Senators.
 We can now only call attention to a single
 paragraph in this letter, which we have read
 with°indignant astonishment. After what he
 seems to regard as a very unfavorable con
 'trast of his own State with Pennsylvania, re
 presenting the former as a snivelling, hypoc
 ritical symathiser with the reclaimed fugitive
 slaves which the latter very willingly sends
 back to bondage, he says:
 “Mas.-achuseits tears fa l abundantly for
 Pennsylvania sufferings; but which sufferings,
 Pennsylvania herself knows little or nothing
 of. No people are more opposed to slavery
 than the people ef Pennsylvania. We knpw,
 especially, that that great and respectable
 part of her population, the Friends, have
 borne their testimony against it from the
 first. Yet they create no excitement; they
 seek not to overthrow or undermine the
 Constitution of their country. They know
 that firmness, steadiness of principle, a just
 moderation, and unconquerable perseverance
 are the virtues, the practice of which is most
 likely to correct whatever is wrong in the
 constitution of the* social system. No doubt
 there are sometimes to be found Friends sub
 ject to the frailty of desiring to become con
 spicuous, or to the influence of a false senti
 mentality, or borne away into an atmosphere
 flickering between light and darkness, by the
 puffs of the transcendental philosophy. But
 that is not a malady of the great body.
 They remain of sound and disposing minds
 and memories. I am misled by authority
 which ought not to mislead, if it be not tiue
 that great body approves the sentiments to
 which I have given utterance on thefioor of the
 Senate.’
Whai were those •entimeoto which the
 Society of Friends are said to approve? Let
 us look at them.
 “My friend, Mr. Butler,” says the Massa
 chusetts Senator, “has a bill on the subject,
 (of delivering up fugitive slaves,) now before
 the Senate, with some amendments to it,
 which I propose to suppoit, with all its pro
 visions, to the fullest extent.”
 This bill provides that the judges of the
 Courts, some seventeen thousand postmasters,
 and all Government officers, collectors, &amp;c.,
 shall be tribunals for the delivery, without ap
 peal, of anybody who is sworn by anybody,
 anywhere/ to be a fugitive from slavery,
 whether the said officials of Government re
 side in the State where the fugitive is found,
 or in that from which he has said to have es
 caped. It is sufficient that they are anywhere
 officers of Government. Thus, as Horace
 Mann has well said:
 “Mr. Butler or Mr. Mason, therefore, may
 send the postmaster of his own city or village,
 into Massachusetts, with an agent or attor
 ney, who brings his affidavit from South Car
 olina or Virgina in his pocket; the agent or
 attorney may arrest anybody, at any time,
 carrying him before his accomplice, go
 through with the judicial forms, and hujry
 him to the South; the officer, after his judical
 functions are discharged, turned bailiff, pro
 tecting the prey and speeding the flight!”
 The bill denies the right of trial by jury to
 the person suspected of being a fugitive.
 The “amendments” of which Daniel Web
 ster speaks, and which he avows himself
 ready to support, provide—
 -Ist. That all who knowingly obstructed or
 hinder the claimant or litigant, or any person
 assisting him, in securing fugitive slaves, or
 shall aid or assist in their escape after arrest,
 or shall harbor such fugitives after notice that
 thev are claimed as slaves, “shall be fined one
 thousand dollars, one half whereof shall be to
 the use of the informer, and shall also be im
 prisoned for the term of twelvemonths.” And
 2d. That “in no trial or bearing shall the
 testimony of the alleged fugitive be admitted
 in evidence.”
 These are the “sentiments,” embodied in
 legal forms, which we are told, “that great
 body (the Society of Friends) approves.”
 Now, we undertake to say, that the.e is
 not a member of the Society of Friends, in
 free or slave States, who, whether acting as
 a magistrate or a citizen, could carry out the
 provisions of the most atrocious bill, without
 rendering himself liable to immediate expul
 sion fiom a Society whoso si .slacker would bo
 disgraced, and whose discipline would be vio
 lated, by snch action. It has been, in times
 past, the misfortune of the Society of Friends
 to be vilified, caricatured, and misrepresented,
 but we remember nothing, even in the old
 days of persecution, so hard to bear a 3 the
 compliments of the Massachusetts Senator.
 Whatever his “authority'” may have been,
 we do not hesitate to pronounce it unqualifi
 edly false to the last degree. J. G. W.
Dr. Richard Thompson.—This gentle
 man, supposed to have belonged to New
 York, was murdered on the road from Duran
 go to Mazatlan on the 16th March, by four
 Americans, viz: McAlcomb, Rodgers, Win
 ters and Shirley. After robbing him, they
 continued their way to Mazatlan, to embark
 for California; the first then bought a launch
 and left for Lower California. Shirley was
 taken and delivered to the authorities in
 Mazatlan, by Mr. Gains, now in this city.
 On him was found SIOO in Mexican gold,
 which he confessed was taken from the trunk
 of the Doctor. He also stated that the mur
 der was commitieed by McAlcomb, from
 whom he received SIOO as his share of the
 Doctor’s effects, consisting of S4OO, a gold
 watch, one horse, four mules, and two trunks
 of clothing. Among the Doctor’s papers
 was found a memorandum stating that he
 had married, in 1849, Miss Sarah Lyon of
 Sing Sing, N. Y. who died in New Orleans;
 also, that he had sent by sea four trunks,
 consigned to a merchant in San Francisco,
 and in case of accident he wished his effects
 to be delivered to his sister in Alabama. Any
 acquaintance of the Dr. may learn more by
 applying at the office of this paper.— Alta
 California,
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 4, 1850.
The North Star is sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
(JCJ-Wanted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Star, foi the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 Post Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 son, 5, Summerhill Grove, Newcastle-on-
 Tyne.— f. d
British Opinion of the American An
 tipathy against People of Color,
The brutal and cowardly outrage committed
 upon us, by a band of ruffians, on the Battery,
 a month since, has called forth an exipndp.d
 notice from the ‘London Times,” the whole
 of which we copy in another column of this
 week’s paper. It is not a matter of slight en
 couragement to the oppressed and persecuted
 black man in this country, to be able to quote,
 against his oppressors and persecutors, au
 thority as influential and respectable as that
 of the London Times. That paper is perhaps
 the most wealthy and popular journal in the
 world, and it may be said to represent fully
 the national feeling of England. It is thor
 oughly English even in its faults and its
 lemarks on the subject of American prejudice
 against colored people, may therefore be con
 sidered a fair embodiment of the national
 sentiment. Of course, there is a class oi
 American people who are too ignorant and
 inflated to receive much profit or instruction
 from anything emanating from an English
 source. This class is composed of the dupes
 of political demagogues, whose patriotism is
 only manifested in bitter invectives against
 the mother country and yet there is not a
 scamp among them all who is not proud of
 being able to trace his ancestry to England,
 and who does not boast of his English and
 Saxon blood, while he is engaged in villifving
 the land of his fathers!
But, setting aside this class of persons,
 there are those in our land whose breadth of
 intellect and common sense make them open
 to the reception of right views and feelings,
 although they may come from a source as
 humble as the London Times. To these
 persons, we commend the article to which we
 have referred. It will show them that the
 malevolent feelings entertained by the Ameri
 cans towards the colored people, are unknown
 and unsvmpathized with by the entire
 British nation; and that the Americans, as
 a people, stand infamously alone in the main
 tenance of a cruel and unjust proscription
 against the negro race.— F. d.
Pay your Postage I
We think a very little consideration will
 satisfy eui ooi respondents of the justice of
 this request. We are receiving sometimes
 fifty and sixty letteis per week—the postage
 on which would not average less than eight
 dollars a week. It is therefore easy to see
 that such a tax as this would speedily sink
 the North Star and its proprietor together.—
 We do not wish to he understood as having
 to pay the postage on all the letters we re
 ceive for, fortunately, the majority of our
 correspondents wisely and kindly,consideting
 our exposed situation, attend to the important
 preliminary of paying their postage at the
 time of sending their letters. We may say
 to those of our correspondents who are in the
 habit of sending long letters, exhorting us to
 amiableness of temper, gentleness of spirit,
 and a variety of other excellent virtues, that
 their advice would be fai more likely to prove
 efficacious, if they would take the precaution
 to pay the postage on the letter containing it.
 We have almost come to the resolution—
 already adopted in some other quarters —of
 attending only to the requests of those who
 pay their postage. F. d.
Letter from Dr. William Marsh.
We insert, with pleasure, a brief extract
 from a letter we have recently received from
 that truly venerable and Christian man, Dr.
 William Marsh, a clergyman of the Episcopal
 Church in England. Would to God that
 ministers of the same denomination in this
 country, possessed the spirit of our excellent
 friend for then slavery, with all its accumu
 lated wrongs, might soon be utterly and for
 ever abolished, But, unhappily for the Ame
 rican bondman, the clergy of this country,
 and especially those of the Episcopal Church,
 tako little or no interest in the question of
 emancipation and, for the most part, they
 discourage and sneer at all anti-slavery move
 ments. F. D.
Leamington, England, June 5.
Dear Mr. Douglass :—Tell me where I
 ami pay ono pound, in London,
 towards the printing of the North Star. I
 shall be glad, if life be spared, to give a mite
 again next year.
I must hope, by the blessing of Him who
 made His people free, and who heard the
 groanings of the children of Israel, that the
 period is approaching when all men of com
 mon sense, common humanity, and common
 piety, must practically acknowledge the sin
 and cruelty of slavery.
I hope your health continues. God prosper
 your labors in the good cause
 Yours, very truly,
Ice in the Atlantic.—lt is said that an
 enormous field of ice, upwards of 150 miles
 in length, has been found floating in the At
 lantic, about the parallel of latitude 46.
 This early drifting of ice from the Polar seas,
 i 3 considered extremely favorable to the ex
 peditions in search of Sir John Franklin and
 his brave companions.
The Rodgers’ Slaves. Thirteen hun
 dred dollars have been subscribed towards the
 1800 necessaty to secure the freedom of
 thirty slaves, emancipated by the will of the
 late Timothy Rogers, of Bedford county, Va.,
 on condition that the American Colonization
 Society will remove them to Liberia—with
 tfieir own consent, of course.
Anti-Slavery Convention at Geneva, N.
 Y. July Fourth, 1850.
The friends of Impartial Freedom are in
 vited to attend a MASS CONVENTION at
 Geneva, on the 4th of July. Come, brethren,
 rally around the banner of liberty The
 dark spirit of slavery is aboad in the land.—
 The liberty and the lives of thousands are
 threatened by Clay’s Compromise, and Ma
 son’s Fugitive Slave Bill. If these diabolical
 acts shall pass Congress, we must and will
 propose for Liberty or Deat.h
 The Convention will meet at 10 o’clock
 A- M. at the Second Baptist Church.
Refreshments will be prepared at, the giove,
 for friends from abroad, without money and
 without price.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 For thebdtaefit of all such as may have been
 so unfortunate as to lose a limb, we beg to
 direct attention to Palmer’s patent limb, which
 is generally believed to be the bes, substitute
 for the natural leg now extant. As the fol
 lowing report sets forth the peculiar merits
 of this invention, we copy it entiie.— f. d.
Report on Prof. Palmer’s Artificia
 Leg.—The Committee on Science and the
 Arts constituted by the Franklin Institute of
 the State of Pennsylvania for the promotion
 of the Mechanic Arts to whom was referred
 for examination an Artificial Leg, invented by
 Benjamin Franklin Palmer, report
 That the peculiarities of this invention con
 sist? in, First An ingenious arrangement of
 springs and cords in the inside of the limb; by
 which, when the wearer is in the erect posi
 tion, the limb is extended and the foot flexed
 so as to present a natural appearance.
 Second By a second arrangement of cords
 and springs in the inside of the limb, the foot
 and toes are gradually and easily extended,
 when the heel is placed in contact with the
 ground.
 Inconsequene of this arrangement, a limp
 ing gait, and the unpleaseit noise made by the
 sudden stroke of the call of the foot upon the
 ground in walking, which is so obvious in the
 ordinary leg, is avoided.
 Third, By a peculiar arrangement of the
 knee joint, it is rendered little liable to wear,
 and all lateral or rotary motion is prevented.
 It is hardly necessary to remark that any
 such motion is undesirable in an artificial leg,
 as it renders its support unstable.
 The pressure of the artificial leg is made
 uniformly upon the surface of the sides of the
 stump, and not upon the end, by which ar
 rangement the danger of ulceration and infla
 mation ot the flaps, covering the end of the
 bone, is in a great measure avoided. The
 Committee have seen the artificial leg, worn
 by the inventor himself. It is light, well
 shaped, easily adjusted, ard of a surface
 readily kept clean. The shape of the leg is
 such as to represent, exactly, when clothed,
 its natural fellow. He is enabled, by means
 of his invention, to walk without a cane
 in such a manner as readily to deceive one
 not acquainted with the facts of the case.
 All the natural movements of the limb,
 except motion laterally (which is undesira
 ble), are beatifully executed. He can throw
 either leg over the other, and can mount a
 height of five inches with either leg indiffer
 ently without assistance. In conclusion, the
 Committee would remark hat lire artificial leg
 of Mr. Palmer is superior to any that has yet
 come under their notice. It is light, strong,
 beautifully shaped, apparently very durable,
 self-acting in a greater degree than any ihing
 they have ever met with; easy and natural in
 its motion, and possessing apparently all the
 qualities desirable or attainable in such an in
 invention.
TheJ Committee would recommend the
 award to the inventor of Scott’s Legacy
 Medal and premium" to the most deserving
 accompanied with $20,00), and also to the
 Committee on Exhibitions, to award him the
 first premium, for his model exhibited in the
 late exhibition.
By Order of the Committee,
 Wm. Hamilton, Actuary
 [Messrs. B. F. Palmer Co., of this place,
 are the only manufacturers of this useful and
 beautiful invention.]
N. B. This leg is manufactured by Pal
 mer and Hudsou, Springfield, Mass. See
 advertisement.— ed. n. star.
Present to Henry Clay. —Thomas O.
 Larkin, (says the Gem of the Prairie,) for
 many years U. S. Consul at Monterey, Cali
 fornia, has presented Henry Clay, through
 J. R. Curtis, Mayor of San Francisco, with a
 magnificent watch chain, formed of solid
 lumps of native gold, as they were taken
 from the mines. The largest lump, forming
 the middle link, is shaped like a heart the
 others gradually diminishing in size towards
 the ends, to which are attached spring hooks,
 also of native gold. The weight of the whole
 chain is seven ounces, and its estimated value
 is $250.
Resignation of Dr. Beecher. —We learn
 from the N. Y. Evangelist tha} Dr. Beecher
 has carried into effect a purpose he has long
 entertained, of retiring from the active duties
 ot his professorship in Lane Seminary, to de
 vote his time to the preparation of his works
 for the press. He was immediately elected
 by the Trustees, Emeritus Professor, and
 will retain the Presidency of the Institution,
 and reside at W?luut Hills. Active measures
 are in operation to fill the vacant professor
 ships of the Seminary.
ILP The meeting of the association of the
 Recipients of Gerrit Smith’s Land', was held
 in New York on Monday evening. The re
 port of Mr. Manning, was opened, and says:
 “The land generally is good—the soil
 deep, rich and black, the forest open, except
 in the bottoms. There are no swamps worth
 naming, and no land of any description that
 cannot be made available. The timber on
 the levels is pine, spruce, beach, fir and elm;
 on the upland, maple, birch, spiuce and elni
 —maple predominating. Timber brings a
 good price, $6 per thousand.—Potash is
 worth $6 per hundred: maple sugar, 10
 cents per pound; wheat, $1 per bushel; oats,
 37 1-2 cents and rye, 62 1-2 cents.” On
 the whole, “he is satisfied that the country is
 a great deal better than represented by Mr.
 Smith. The winters are cold, it is true, but
 not variable, and the summers are warm, and
 vegetation is rapid, being only three weeks
 later than on the Hudson River. The allot
 ments donated are easy of access, within
 five miles of a market town, and 12 miles
 from the railroad, and the climate extremely
 healthy.”
WM. MARSH
The Trouble with Portugal.—The
 Pondon Times correspondent says that the
 American ship-of-war Independence, beaiing
 the flag of Commodore Morgan, was at Malta
 on the"22d ult. en route for Gibraltar, whence
 she vvas to proceed to Lisbon, to demand a
 settlement of claims due by Portugal to the
 United States,— N. Y. Tribune.
Henry W. Johnson, 4
 John Moshier, Canandaigua.
 Austin Stuart,
 Henry Bradley, PennYan
 J. F. Platt,
 H H Garnet, Geneva.
 J. W. Duffin, 5
 Thomas M'Clintock, Waterloo
 Samuel R. Ward, Syracuse.
 And fifty other men and women.
Hall of the Franklin Institute,
 Philadelphia, Jan. 11, 1849,
Nkwburg, June 24, 1850.
Frederick Douglass :—Since I last saw
 you, I have visited and spoken in many of
 the eastern towns and villages in your State,
 and, through the co-operation of many warm
 hearted friends, (of whom I shall speak more
 at length hereafter.) I trust not altogether
 without the desired effect.
 Western New York, like other sections of
 the country, is still suffering from the devas
 tating effects of die Free Soil movement.—*
 Very many of the hitherto staunch friends of
 our cause, mistaking that Buffalo jack-o’lan
 tern for the light-house nr haven of immediate
 en ancipation, embarked on the frail craft of
 ‘availability,’ aid being polluted by soulless
 politicians, they were soon wrecked upon the
 rocks of ‘expediency;’ and now, disappointed
 expectations, together with false pride, does
 much towards rendering them indifferent to
 the cause.
Yet the dissenination of the truths of anti-)
 slavery in times past, has been instrumental]
 in securing an agitation which, has settled
 down, and is sf 11 settling down, upon many
 honest hearts, iito 'an implacable hatred of
 slavery, and a item determination to resist
 the innovations the slave power.
 I was much' pleased wTtli vhe articles in
 your two last numbers on colonization, and
 your triumphant refutation of the deliverance
 of that serpent-brood of slanderers, whom
 HoTae# Greeley, in his magnanimity and
 toleration for negro-hatred, was pleased to
 denominate the good men who glory in sla
 very.’ The Tribune is evidently aping the
 black-hearted Daniel Webster, who, while he
 has no plan to offer for the emancipation of
 the slave, no word of sympathy for the
 millions who sigh night and day for deliver
 ance, is willing to second a proposition that
 any of his Southern masters may offer, and
 vote for the appropriation of millions of the
 public money, for the purpose of expatriating
 free colored people, whose inalienable right
 to remain and be the recipient of justice (even
 should the lvghest evidences of enterprise
 which the Tribune demands, should be want
 ed, which, by he way, is altogether incom
 patible with centuries of degradation and op
 pression,) is more unquestionable than is the
 most hoary-headed, rum-drinking, licentious,
 pale-faced villains who clamor for their ex-
patriation. Tf '.he colored people of this
 country have one foe more to be feared than
 another, and against which a ceaseless war
 fare should be waged, it may be seen in the
 hellish features of the colonization movement.
 Professing to be based on the principle of
 philanthropy, it insinuates itself into the
 hearts of the unsuspecting, that it may bias
 their judgment and poison their minds, by
 the mountain lie that thelawsof nature are in
 opposition to the existence of the two classes
 in harmony and concord in a common country.
 But, in fact, the essence of their movement
 the moving spring of their organization, can
 be found in their deadly hate to the free col
 ored people, and the desire to render slave
 property more secure by removing the free
 colored people from the couutry. That their
 unjust policy may be carried out, they refuse
the colored people justice, in the land of their
 birth. Ti.ey have no sympathy for the cru-
elties jperpetrajed against the slave, nor for
 the outrage inflicted upoff the free colored
 people.* They are willing to have them mob
 bed, disfranchised and prosecuted, that they
 may be able to sustain the monstrous false
 hood, that such a state of things is in accord
 ance with fixed laws, rather than protest
 against them as the result of a sentiment ac
 quired by a ceaseless repetition of wrong.
 Yours for impartial justice,
Victor, June 27, 1850
Frienh Douglass :—There appears to me
 to be a palpable inconsistency in our moral
 percepticns, as well as in our legal distinc
 tions, o' the different phases and circum
 stances under which the. hellish abomination,
 human slavery, presents itself. At this time,
 all civilized governments, ours with the rest,
 confess to consider the African slave trade as
 one of the blackest of crimes, and punish it
 with the heaviest penalties, when perpetrated
 upon the benighted African on his own
 shores, in a state of perfect barbarism, where
 the ties of kindred affection can have but a
 feeble existence, and whose physical circum
 stances could hardly be considered worse
 when torn from kindred and home, and
 doomed to servitude, even among the half
 civilized.
But we have a government capable of per
 ceiving a broad difference between the slave
 trade upon the two sides of the'Atlantic.
 Cn the one side, we cannot purchase a
 captive—even of a captive in whose hands
 death might be his certain doom, but for our
 buying him—and put him aboard a ship as a
 slave, without violating one of the most sa
 cred laws of Christendom, and incurring a
heavy penalty.
 But we may go to our Capitol, and, under
 eye and within the hearing of our rulers and
 legislators, buy, even of our own rulers, a
 human being, not in a state of barbarian ig
 norance and savage customs, but a young
 man or young woman of istelliger.ee and re
 fined sensibilities, who may have a companion
 and beloved children, to whom they may be
 as much endeared as the purchaser to his wife
 and children—tear him or her from an affec
 tionate companion and loving children, who,
 perhaps, are also to be separated from each
 other, drag them away to a pen or a ship
 •hold, for a Florida or Louisiana marker,
 perhaps never more to behold his heart-broken
 companion and bereaved children, or to know
 their destination. I say all this can be and
 often is done, under the sanction of our benign
 laws, which secure equal rights to all!
 I. W. PALMER.
Anti-Slavery in Missouri. —The Ben
 ton war in Missouri appears to havo taken a
 strong anti-slavery turn. The St. Louis
 Union, which was recently recommended at
 the St. Louis Benton county Convention as
 the true Democratic organ of the State talks
 in the folowing strain:
“And for what purpose is this sacrifice to
 be made? Alas, we blush with shame to
 say it, that the institution of slavery shall be
 more firmly established. That is to say,
 some 500,000 traffickers in human flesh and
 blood threaten the perpetuity of this Union,
 except they are permitted to have their own
 way, and craven-hearted politicians succumb
 to their demands, for .the sake, not of peace
 and harmony, but of ephemeral popularity.
 Come what will, we are opposed to such a
 compromise; it is unrighteous —it is unwise—
 it is impracticable.”
The great increase of the English race i n
 America, living und?r the influence of insti
 tutions which though republican, still bear
 the impress of the English laws from which
 they have derived their spirit and much of
 their form, has, by all our liberal jurists,
 statesmen, and philosophers, been deemed an
 event fraught with beneficial consequences to
 the whole great Anglo-Saxon family. It has
 been thought that we should derive advan
 tage from the varied experience to which our
 race and their peculiar institutions would be
 thus subjected,—that from America we might
 receive useful lessons, while we, on the other
 hand, might perhaps be able to reply this ob
 ligation by beneficial suggestions to our
 brethren, both with respect to their institu
 tions, and their political and social relations
 and conduct.' These suggestions, mutually
 imparted, it has been thought would be useful
 lessons which could not otherwise be learnt.
Now, there are two peculiarities in Ameri
 can institutions, as compared with those of
 England, which are daily producing effects
 upon the general mind of America—which
 to the people of America generally are evi
 dently unknown, but which painfully affect
 the mind of every class of Englishmen—and
 we believe that by openly, but in a kind and
 friendly spirit, expressing our opinions and
 describing our feelings upon these subjects,
 we are really rendering great and neighborly
 service, not only to our Transatlantic breth
 ren, but, to the whole commnnity of civilized
 nations. The two-peculiarities gf which we
 speak are slavery and the great and growing
 weakness of the general-federal Government
 of the United States. Both these causes
 are at this moment producing startling effects
 upon the social and national character of the
 American people—essentially deteriorating
 it in fact and lowering it also in the estima
 tion, not, only of all thoughtful and right
 minded men, but also of that general public
 which is composed of the several nations
 making together the civilized community of
 mankind.
The effects produced by these apparently
 unconnected causes have a remarkable and
 combined affinity and similitude. The social
 influence of the institution of slavery pro
 duces a state of feeling among the various
 classes of American citizens, which induces
 them to seize upon the opportunity afforded,
 them by the weakness of their national Gov
 ernment to make aggressive inroads upon
 neighboring nations. He who becomes ac
 customed to brave the displeasure of mankind
 upon one subject soon learns to be careless of
 public opinion on others He who forgets
 the great dictates of humanity, because of a
 difference of color, will not long pay deference
 to the rules of justice and light in his deal
 ing with others who speak a different lan
 guage, and form part of aforeign thouugh
 friendly people. It behooves the statesmen
 and philosophers of Ameiica to look well to
 these consequences. If the evil continue,
 the people of America will soon be like the
 Ishmaelites of old—their hands will be against
 every man, and the hands of every man will
 be against them; and, great though they be
 —powerful, wealthy, acute, and brave—the
 right will prevail. The united civilized world,
 battling for justice and humanity, will be in
 vincible—and we may live to see the great
 federal republic falling to pieces under the
 combined influence of hostile aggression, in
 ternal weakness resulting irom internal dis
 cord, and the sense of injustice in the cause
 they are sustaining.
 On the present occasion, however, we de
 sire in confine our attention and remarks to
 the existing state of mind among the citizens
 of the United States with respect to people
 of color. Our general estimate of the Ameri
 can national character and morality must be
 formed upon a consideration of many differ
 ent particulars. But we cannot avoid be
 lieving that the circumstances to which we
 are about to allude must form a most impor
 tant item in the account. Little incidents
 9Courrii*g in-Jprivate life otten afford evidence
 respecting national habits and feeling far
 more important and convincing than legisla
 tive enactments. A paragraph extracted
 from a New York newspaper into our
 columns yesterday contains evidence which
 is, in our own opinion, of this description.
 For, although some of the southern States
 have in their legislation respecting negroes
 outraged every feeling of common sense,
 common justice, and benevolence, the State
 of New York has made laws on the subject
 dictated as well by right feeling as by pru
 dence and justice. These wise laws do not,
 howeyer, really represent the sentiments of
 the people of New York with respect to the
 negroes*if the story told by the newspaper,
 and the comments of the writer on it, fairly
M. W. GIBBS.
represent the popular creed and feeling. We
 are convinced, from the tone of this story as
 told by the indignant relator, that the public
 to whom that story is addressed can have no
 conception of the effect produced by it upon
 the whole English people —not merely upon
 Abolitionist writers and speakers—not mere
 ly upon subscribers to the Anti-Slavery So
 ciety—but upon every human being not
 American in this country, man, woman, and
 child, who may hear it read, and can under
 stand its import. The effect will be one of
 unbounded indignation, disgust, and astonish
 ment.
 Mr. Douglass, a negro gentleman, some
 time since complained of the treatment he
 had experienced from citizens of the United
 States, because of his color. This proceed
 ing on his part is thus described by an Ameri
 can writer in the New York Globe:—“Fred
 erick Douglass, the impudent “negro who
 has of late taken on himself the privilege of
 abusing our country, its patriots and consti
 tution, without having that chastisement he
 so richly merited at the hands of our Repub
 licans, who would not condescend to notiee
 his blasphemy and negroism, had the audacity
 yesterday morning to walk down Broadway,
 the principal promenade of our city, with
 two white women resting on his arms.” It
 however appears that, spite of the dreadful
 and blashpemous conduct thus imputed to
 Mr. Douglrss, the mildness and wonderful
 self-control of the whole American popula
 tion produced the marvellous effect above
 described. The citizens, though deeply
 moved, took no notice of. the blasphemy and
 negroism. But there are limits to human
 patience. Bad as may be the making a just
 complaint by a negro against a white man,
 black atrocity can go lurther, although white
imagination oan hardly, in American phrase,
 realize the atrocity. What is this abomina
 ble offence? Walking with two white wo
 men down Broadway. The patience of the
 citizens, their almost superhuman forbearance,
 i at length gave way, and the mode of pro
 ceeding consequent upon this venial succumb
 ing of white virtue is eminently character
 istic; and is, indeed, a touching evidence of
 the delicacy and refinement of the high-mind
 ed white man, even in the very fury and
 paroxysm of his passion. “Several citizens
 who noticed this disgraceful scene” (viz.,
 of the quiet, unoffending negro, walking with
 two white women, who willingly walked with
 him) “followed the impudent scamp to the
 Battery.” The negro was supposed to com
 mit the additional offence of laughing; there
 upon a white gentleman stepped up to the
 white ladies, “and politely requested them to
 retire, and leave their ebony companion, and
 place themselves under the protection of a
 (white) gentleman standing near by.” The
 women obeyed, and the indignant and insulted
 (white) gentleman (to us the person really
 insulted was the black gentleman) adminis
 tered a “d.essing” to the negro; so severe, it
 appears, that he will not readily forget it.
 “Maddened justice,” exclaims the white
 editor, “forgets the dictates of law in a case
 of this kind; and,personally, we see no rea
 son why it should not.”
 A few days since we published a letter, in
 which an Englishman described a case of still
 more atrocious wrong done to a poor respect
 able negro, who was forcibly seized by a
 band of armed men in the streets of Cincin
 nati during bioad day, and carried off to a
 slave State. This violence, though produc
 ing to the individual more frightful evil than
From the London Times of June 14.
that of the insulted citizen of New York, is
 less significant of the popular feeling. We
 may suppose that the negro seized and carried
 to Kentucky was a runaway, and the proper
 ty of the person who pursued him, and that
 the desire to obtain his property may have
 incited the owner to this deed of violence.
 But the feeling which led to the assault on
 Mr Douglass was a geneial ungovernable
 sense of insult pervading a whole population
 at the sight of a negro man walking upon
 equal and familiar terms with white women.
 That the women were consenting to this in
 timacy is clear; that their being so was, in
 the opinion of the white gentlemen of New
 York, no justification for Mr. Douglass, is
 also evident; that such familiarity and equali
 ty could lead to no dangerous or mischievous
 consequences in the city or State of New
 York, eveiy one must admit who knows the
 relative numbers of the white and black popu
 lation of the State. In fact, blind, unreason
 ing antipathy, was the ca'use of the outrage,
 and deemed by Americans a sufficient excuse
 for it. We in England, who happily have
 never been subjected to influences which
 could lend us to a state of mind so unjust, or
 likely to lead to acts thus flagrantly opposed
 to the dictates of justice and benevolence, can
 hardly find words that sufficiently expresss
 our astonishment as well as sorrow on wit
 nessing so strange a distortion of the moral
 vision among a people justly celebrated for
 their sagacity, and for the fervor of their
 piety. We marvel indeed to see the dictates
 of a religion which ihey as well as ourselves
 belieye and obey utterly forgotten when this
 wild and senseless antipathy into play;
 and we arejrresistibly impelled to ask, what
 command of morality or religon can be deem
 ed sacred by these people, when those which
 result from the first principles of their faith—
 which are among the most imperative of
 those enforced by their laws, and sanctioned
 by the first precepts of their morality, are
 thus scouted and contemptuously neglected
 and opposed. The extraordinary increase of
 the wealth, population, and territory of the
 United Slates has raised her to the condition
 of a first-rate Power among the nations of
 the world. She has also suddenly become
 smitten with a love.of conquest, and we have
 now to learn whether she will allow’ this
 passion to domineer over all sense of right—
 whether, a lust of dominion,she will
 forget the dictates of justice, law, and rea
 son, or whether, in obedience to the advice of
 the greatest of her sons, she will return to
 the wise precepts of his peaceful policy, and
 seek to be renowned for truth, wisdom,
 honesty, and benevolence.
From the National Era.
The Black Law of South Carolina.
The subject of the imprisonment of colored
 seamen in the port of Charleston has been
 brought before the attention of the English
 Government, by a recent suit, in the Thameg
 Police Court, on the gart of the steward of a
 British bark, for .his wages, paymert of
 which the master of the bark refused, on the
 ground that he had paid the expenses of the
 steward for two months in the common jail at
 Charleston. The master stated that the
 steward, a respectable British subject, was
 taken out of his vessel, by the constables of
 Charleston, and dragged to the jail, from
 whence he would have been sold as a slave
 had not he (the master) paid SIOO expenses.
 Lord Palmerston, on being questioned in
 respeci to the matter in Parliament, stated
 that, in 1747, her Majesty’s Government had
 directed the British Minister at Washington
 to remonstrate against the imprisonment of
 British seamen, and the violation of the
 Rritish flag, but that Mr. Buchanan had
 verbally replied that the Federal Government
 could not induce the Legislature, of Souih
 Catolina to repeal the law, and if pressed on
 the ground of the treaty of 1815, under which
 all subjects and citizens of the two countries
 were to be permitted freely to enter, freely
 reside in, and freely quit the territories of
 each, would be compelled to put an end to
 that treaty, by giving the twelve months’
 notice required for that purpose. His Lord
 ship said that it had then been deemed unad
 visable to press the matter to such an ex
 tremity. The outrage was spoken 'of by the
 member w’ho called Lord P.’s attention to it,
 as “a scandalous violation of the principles
 which regulated the intercourse of civilized
 nations.” Lord Palmerston said that the law
 grew out of the unfortunate institution of
 slavery; and it was quite unnecessary for him
 to express the opinion which all who heard
 him must entertain with respect to it.
 The matter will not, we think, end here.
 A case similar to the one under consideration
 was brought to the attention'of Lotd Aber
 deen, when Foreign Minister; and, from the
 correspondence which followed, it was under
 stood that in future the personal freedom of
 British subjects secured by the treaty of 1815
 would be respected in American ports. In
 the case of two colored British subjects from
 the Bahamas, who were thus seized and im
 prisoned some years ago, their jail fees not
 being paid, they were sold as slaves. A
 formal demand for them was made by the
 British Government —one of them was found
 and restored, the other could not be discov
 ered.
The London Anti-Slavery Reporter of the
 Ist ultimate calls upon the British press and
 puhlic to demand from Government immediate
 measures to prevent future outrages of this
 kind. “We do not,” say the editors, “intend
 that this case shall pass over lightly; it is too
 important to be shuffled out o! sight, to suit
 the convenience of any parties; and the ques
 tion must receive a definitive'answer, whether
 the colored population belonging to this coun
 try and its various dependencies are to be
 treated as felons and slaves in any ports of
 the United States; and whether the British
 Government is unable or unwilling to protect
 them, when going thither on their lawful
 business?”
As Massachusetts and the free States
 generally have a stake in this controversy in
 common with Great Britain, we shall look
 with some degree of interest for its result.
 J. G. W.
Letter from Gerrit Smith.
Who can help loving Gerrit Smith? In an
 important sense it matters nothing whether
 we agree with him in mere modes or meas
 utes. We are free to acknowledge that here
 in we differ; and we confess to an occasional
 momentary alienation, by reason of the un
 due severity of his language touching these
 points of difference. But just reading the
 letter which follows, all else is forgotten.
 The spirit which dictated this belongs only to
 a good man.—But it needs not this to estab
 lish that fact. A personal acquaintance had
 long since settled it beyond all'human contro
 versy. His very looks—not a safe guide in
 cases—are a sure index of the character both
 of his mind and his heart.
We should want no better argument with
 which to disarm his foes than to present the
 man; not, perhaps, in public, on a subject of
 all-absorbing interest in which the deepest
 prejudices of men are stirred, though his
 tone and temper even here are admirably; but
 we would present him in private, in the so
 cial circle, and every foe would at once be
 converted to a friend.
Now when we hear professors of religion,
 as occasionally we do, call Mr. Smith an in
 fidel and a because, forsooth,
 he has troubled some churches of the devil,
 and because, failing to induce ministers of the
 Gospel to follow their divine master and
 “preach deliverance to the captive,” he has
 essayed to do so himself on the Sabbath day,
 we are strongly tempted to say to them what
 now we will just whisper in their ears —Gen-
 tlemen, God never gave you capacity to com
 prehend the great subject which fills the
 heart of Geriit Smith; we therefore place
 your hostibility and your neglect to the account
 ot ignorance. Or, addressing another class,
 Gentlemen, your leligion is a hollow pre
 tence; your “frames” are your sole depend
 ence, while you refuse to “do justice and love
 mercy.” —Portland Inquirer.
From the Liberty Party Paper.
 The N. Y. Temperance Society, anp
Gerrit Smith
Gerrit Smith has withdrawn from the
 IN. i. State lemperance Society. Below
 is his letter to the treasurer thereof announ
 cing the tact.—The cause of his doing so is
 briefly this: He was chairman of the Busi
 ness Committee, and reported the resolutions,
 &amp;c. Ihe following Resolution was the sec
 ond of the series:
2J. Resolved, that it is a gross inconsisten
 cy for the friends of temperance to belong to
 political parties, which do not commit them
 selves fully, openly, and heartily in their
 newspapers, and meetings, and nominations,
 to the doctrine that civil government is bound
 to prohibit the sale of intoxicating drinks; and
 Resolved further, That so Jong as they dobe
 long to such parties, there is little probability
 that civil government will permanently pro
 urohibit such sale.
 This resolution was smartly debated, and
 very eloquently advocated by Mr. Smith. It
 passed on the evening of the first day of the
 session, and Mr. Smith returned to Peterboro.
 Ihe Majority was decisive. On the next morn
 ing, after Mr. Smith and others of his friends
 had left, a motion was made by Abner Bates,
 lreasurer of the Society, to revise and re
 scind the above resolution. After a very
 long debate, the resolution was rescinded,
 and a substitute adopted.—The reasons given
 for the rescisions of the Resolution,were, lhat
 would implicate the society with the “Liber
 ty Party;” for this reason, Mr. Smith the
 next day, sends to Mr. Bates the following
 letter, announcing his divorce 'from*#-"v&gt;
 Y. State Temperance Society:
 Mr. Aimer Bates, Treasurer of N. Y.
State Temperance Society:
 Dear Sir: —l learn this afternoon, that
 the Society reconsidered and rescinded, yes
 terday, the 2d in the series of Resolutions.,
 which it had passed. I have no doubt that it
 will be the gamer' thereby, on the score of
 popularity, numbers and friends. Neverthe
 less, is not the favor of Heaven, at the ex
 pense at which it purchases these gains? I
 cannot avoid the conclusion, that the Society
 has made a bad bargain: an unprofitable ex
 change.
When you asked for contributions, day be
 fere yesterday, I gave my name for a hun
 dred dollars. Enclosed is my draft for it.
 This ends my connection with the Society.
 I say not this with the least idea that the So
 ciety will regret my withdiawal. No Soci
 ety which studies to keep in the current of
 the popular favor covets the membership of
 one so odious as myself.
 Respectfully vour friend,
 GERRIT SMITH.
 Peterboro, June 22, 1850
The Illinois Conference.
The Illinois Annual Conference closed its
 session on Monday, May the 20th, having
 convened, according to adjournment, on the
 Wednesday previous.
The Conference, passed among others, the
 following resolutions.
ON SLAVERY.
 Resolved, Ist. That we are more than
 ever convinced of the great evils of American
 slavery, and are more than ever determined
 to oppose i in all its forms, by the use of all
 lawful means within* our reach, and in ali
 places where it does now or where it may
 hereafter exist.
Resolved, 2d, That it is our deliberate
 opinion that all professed ministers of the
 Gospel, who refuse or neglect to plead the
 cause of God’s suffering poor, are not the
 ministers of Jesus Chiist; and those churches
 that allow their members to hold, or buy, or
 sell men, women, or children, without re
 buke, are not the churches of Jesus Christ,
 and without information cannot, inherit the
 kingdom of God.
 Resolved, 3d, That should the bill of Mr.
 Mason in the House of Representatives, vir
 tually constituting ali United State’s officers
 in the Free States, the aids, abettors, and
 bloodhounds of Southern slaveholders and
 kidnappers, in seizing their human prey; or
 should any other bill of similar import, re
 ceive the sanction of our National Legisla
 tute, requiring Northern Freemen to become
 the allies of the slave power, in enslaving
 those who have quietly departed from the
 Southern prison-house, we will consider such
 enactment, a high-handed usurpation of
 power, and a daring effort to nullify the Stat
 ute of the Most High, and consequently null
 and void from the beginning.—True Wesleyan.
Mr. Webster—The friends
It will be remembeied that Mr. Webster
 asserted in his letter to his Newburyport
 “Retainers,” that the Friends concurred with
 him in his course concerning fugitive slaves,
 and other matters touching the slavery ques
 tiou. Every man of common intelligence
 knew that the statement was false, in every
 sense of the word. The Friends’ Weekly
 Intelligencer of Philadelphia, empathaticallv
 denies the statement, and disavows for the
 Friends of Pennsylvania, any support of that
 denomination of the views and opinions of
 Mr. Webster. Mr. Whittier also denies Mr.
 Webster’s assertion. He says:
 “Now, we undertake to say that there is
 not a member of the Society of Friends, in
 free or slave States, who, whether acting as
 a magistrate or a citizen, could carry out the
 provisions of this most atrocious bill, without
 rendering-himself liable to immediate expul
 sion from a Society whose character would
 be disgraced, and whose discipline would be
 violated, by such action. It has been, in
 times past, the misfortune of the Society of
 Friends to be vilified, caricatured, and mis
 represented. but we remember nothing, even
 in the old days of persecution, so hand to bear
 as the compliments of the Massachusetts
 Senator. Whatever his “authority” may
 have been, we do not hesitate to pronounce
 it unqualifiedly false to the last degree.”—
 Ernan. Republican.
Amalgamation.—A bill has been intro
 duced into the Connecticut Legislature, pro
 viding for the fine or impiisonment of clergy
 men and magistrates, who shall unite white
 with colored persons in matrimony. Ex
 change paper.
 There must be a terrible tendency to amal
 gamation in Connecticut, of course, to pro
 voke such a law. There must be a growing
 and visible affetion between ihe two races. And
 yet we don’t know that the magistrate or
 minister may interfere, even if the law re
 quires it.—“ What God hath joined, let not
 man put assunder.” The Yankees will have
 to put up with the evil, any way they can fix
 it. We don’t think the Legislature has a
 right to make laws to “prevent manage,” or
 “impair the obligation of contracts.” —Liberty
 Party Paper.
Freedom of the Press in Virginia. —ln
 October last, we published a Review of W.
 A. Smith’s pro-slavery address, by S. M
 Jannev, for which he was presented by the
 Grand Jury, on the pretence “that it was
 calculated to incite colored persons to make
 insurrection and rebellion.” That present
 ment not being sustained by the Court, an
 other was made in November, charging him
 with maintaining the doctrine- that masters
 had no right of property in their-slaves.”—
 This presentment has also been quashed by
 the Court in the present month, and we shall
 give next week S. M. Janney’s defence sub
 mitted to the Court. —National Era.
IO 3 Foote of Mississippi stated in the U.
 S. Senate the other day that he would never
 “think” of supporting the Clay Compromise
 “were he not satisfied that slavery could and
 would be extended into New Mexico under its
 provisions.” Such is the position of every
 Southern man who supports it. —John P.
 Hale and other opponents of that miserable
 concoction of slaveholders, as favoring the
 extension of Slavery. Can baseness go far
 ther?—lndependent Democrat
