f) 0 C t r H.
For the North Star.
 LOVE.
BY JAMES M. WHITFIELD.
In the bright days of early youth,
 I strung my lyre, and waked a strain,
 In praise of Friendship, Love and Truth,
 Without a thought of care or pain:
 But Boou, in answer to my strain,
 A voice came pealing from above,
 Sounding o’er valley, hill and plain—
 Where’s he that knows the power of level
The brainless youth in lady’s bower,
 Who, sighing, chants some amorous lay;
 Or twines a wreath, or plucks a flower,
 A tribute of his love to pay:
 Or, ’mid the crowd, the gallant gay,
 With witty jest, and jibe, and jeer,
 Spending in revelry and play
 The few bright hours allowed him here,
Thinks that he knows what ’tie to love—
 Speaks of that pure and hoiy flame
 Which emanates from God above,
 As though ’twere nothing but a name!
 That noble, pure, aud holy flame,
 Jehovah’s chiefest attribute,
 Implanted in the human frame.
 Raised man above the sordid brute.
And he who ever felt its power,
 Whate’er his station, high or low,
 In pleasure’s or in sorrow’s hour,
 Will feel his inmost bosom glow
 With love to all, both friend and foe;
 For God commanded all to love,
 And those who would bis glories know,
 Must learn this truth, that God is love.
LABORARE EST ORARE.
 To Labor is to^Pvay.
BY THE LATE HRS. FRANCIS S. OSGOOD.
Pause not to dream of the future before us,
 Pause not to weep the wild carts that come o’er us;
 Hark, how Creation’s deep, musical chorus,
 Unremitting goes up into heaven!
 Never the ocean wave falters in flowing;
 Never the little seed stops in its growing;
 More and more richly the rose-heart keeps glowing,
 Till from its nourishing stein it is riven.
Labor is worship!”—the robin is singing;
 “Labor is worship!”—the wild bee isjringing;
 Listen! that eloquent whisper upspringing,
 Speaks to the sou! from out uature’s great heart.
 From the dark cloud flows the life-giving shower;
 From the rough sod blows the soft-breallung flower;
 From the small insect, the rich coral bower;
 Only man, in the plan, shrinks from his part.
Labor is life! ’tis the still water faileth;
 Idleness never despaireth.bewaileth;
 Keep the watch wound, or the dark rust assaileth;
Flowers droop and die in the stillness of noon.
 Labor is glory!—the flying cloud lightens;
 Only the waving wing changes aud brightens;
 Idle hearts only the dark future frightens;
 Play the sweet keys, wouldst thou keep them in
 tune!
Labor is rest!—from the sorrows that greet us;
 Rest from all petty vexations that meet us,
 Rest from the sin-promptings that ever entreat us,
 Rest from the world-syrens that lure us to ill.
 Work—and pure slumbers shall wait on thy pillow;
 Work—thou shalt ride over Care’s coming billow;
 Lie not down wearied ’neath Woe’s weeping willow;
 Work with a s.out heart and resolute will!
Labor is health! Lo, the husbandman reaping,
 How through his veins goes the life-current leaping!
 How his strong arm, in its stalwart pride sweeping,
 True as a sunbeam, tbo swift sickle f uides.
 Labor is wealth—in the sea the pearl groweth;
 Rich the queen’s robe from the frail cocoon floweth;
 From the fine acorn the strong forest bloweth;
 Temple and statue the marble block hides.
Droop not! though shame, sin and anguish are
 rou’id thee!
 Bravely fling off" the cold chain that hath bound
 thee!
Look to the pure heaven smiling beyond thee;
 Rest not content in thy darkness—a clod!
 Work—.for some good, be it ever so slowly;
 Cherish some flower, fie it ever so lowly;
 Labor!—all labor is noble and holy;
 Let thy great deed be thy prayer to thy God.
From a Vol, of Poems entitled Reverberations.
 SUNRISE COMES TO-MORROW.
True it is that cloud and mist
 Blot the clear blue weather;
 True that lips that once have kissed
 Come no more together.
True that, when we would do good,
 Evil often follows;
 True that green leaves quit the wood,
 Summers lose their swallows.
True that we must live alone,
 Dwell with pale dejections;
 True that we must often mourn
 Over crushed affections.
True that man his queen awaits;
 True that, sad anddonely,
 Woman, through her prison gates,
 Sees her tyrant only.
..True, the rich despise the poor,
 And the poor desire
 Food still from the rich man’s door,
 Fuel from his fire.
True the plaint,—but if more true,
 I would not deplore it;
 If an Eden fade from view,
 Time may yet restore it.
Evil comes and Evil goes,
 But it moves me never:
 For the Good—the Good—it grows,
 Buds and blossoms ever.
Winter still succeeds to spring,
 But fresh springs are coming;
 Other birds are on the wind,
 Other bees are humming.
I have loved with right good will,
 Mourned my hopes departed,
 Dreamed my golden dream, and still
 Am not broken-hearted.
What if cherished creeds may fadelj
 Faith will never leave us;
 Go d preserves what God has made—
 Nor can truth deceive us.
Letin Light—the holy Light
 Broihers, fear it never;
 Daikness smiles, and wrong goes right—
 Let in Light forever.
Let in Light! When this shall be
 Safe and pleasant duty,
 Men in common things shall see
 Goodness, Truth and Beauty.
[The disposition shown by so many persons to
 figure in matters lor which they have no natural
 aptitude, is thus severely satirized by Swift:]
 A dog by instinct turns aside,
 Who sees a ditch too deep and wide;
 A foundered horse will oft dabate
 Before he tries a fivc-mrred gate;
 But man we find the only creature
 Who, led by folly, combats nature,
 And where his genius least inclined,
 Absurdly bends his whole designs!
Jllfocellancous.
From the New Englander.
 boston: a walk and talk
 ABOUT IT—ELIHU BURRITT.
“Our Country is the world; our countrymen are
 all mankind.”— Anon.
A short time ago the friends of peace
 called a meeting at the Park street
 church for the purpose of appoint
 ing delegates to attend the World’s
 Convention on the banks of the Rhyne.
 In consequence of the inclemency of
 the weather, and the un-business like
 manner in which the meeting was ad
 vertised, there were but few persons
 present but the distinguished gentle
 men who were called upon to address
 that audience might have consoled
 themselves with the reflection that
 what their assembly lucked in num
 ber it made up in talent, learning, in
 fluence and moral worth. Gov. Briggs
 occupied the chair; the venerable Dr.
 Sharp invoked the Divine blessing
 Rev. A. E.Stone delivered an able and
 interesting address, and was followed
 by the Hon. Amasa Walker and oth
 ers.
The chief object of attraction at this
 meeting was Elihu Burritt, the “learn
 ed blacksmith.” He sat on the first
 seat opposite the pulpit, witn his hack
 towards the audience, his head rest
 ing on his hand, and his eyes clos
 most of the time during the delivery of
 the speeches. Thomas Drew,'Jr.,
 immortalized as Burritt’s blower and
striker” at the forge hot anvil of re
 form, was busy with pensil and paper
 in one of the side pews. The hearers
 waited peaceably but impatiently for
 Mr. Burritt to take the rostrum, and
 when it was announced that he would
 speak, every countenanpe became ra
 diant with joyful anticipation. Mr.
 Burritt arose in a quiet, unpretending
 manner, and modestly responded to
 the invitation to speak. He stood on
 the top-stair of the pulpit, and at first
 seemed to shirink hack bashfully from
 the gaze of the upturned faces be
 fore him. Although he is no coward, I
 have no doubt his heart beat as though
 it would batter a breach through its
 tenement when he first unsealed his
 lips in the presence of that assembly.
 In fact, the contour of his face, and the
 tones of his voice are the tell-tales
 which publish lack of self conceit.
 Mr. Burritt is now in the meridian of
 his manhood, but his premature bald
 ness is his apology for wearing a wig.
 He has a towering forehead, but,
 owing to the large development of the
 perceptive faculties, it appears to re
 treat in the region of causality, whilst
 in reality it does not. I think his eyes
 are blue when they do not blaze. His
 face indicates perseverance that will
 not falter, and integrity that will not
 disappoint. He speaks slowly, dis
 tinctly and forcibly, without ever ut
 tering a foolish thing. He has a pe
 culiarity, of tone which is unreportable,
 but which tells with thrilling effect on
the hearts of his hearers when he en
 ters earnestly into the subject he dis
 cusses. All who have heard him,
 must acknowledge that his matter is
 fill of thought as an egg is of meat.
 He employs facts and statistics in his
 speeches and editorials, but they have
 the varied beauty of the rainbow and
 the golden glow of sunlight when view
 ed through the prism of his rich imag
 ination.
 The following extract from the Lon
 don edition of the little volume entitled
 “Sparks from the Anvil,” will give the
 reader an idea of Mr. Burritt’s style of
 writing. In an article on temperance
 he alludes to the history of a distin
 guished statesman who had been
 snatched as a brand from the liquid
 burning:—“And he was found, with
 all the resuscitated vigor of his talents,
 exhuming as it were, his fellow beings,
 who, like him, had been buried before
 they were dead. Massachusetts wel
 comed him back to her embrace with
emotions of maternal joy, and invited
 the returning pleiad to resume his
 rank among the stars of her crown.
 The doors of her halls and churches
 were thrown open to the newly-return
 ing prodigal, and many were touched
 to life and salvation at the burning el
 oquence which fell from his lips. Sis
 ter States heard of this new Luther in
 temperance, and he obeyed their call.
 He stood up in their cities like Paul in
the midst of Mars Hill, and, with an
 eloquence approaching inspiration, set
 forth the strange doctrine of total ab
 stinence.” That man, unfortunately,
 was led astray by friends in human
 form, but a band of Washingtonians
 persuaded him to sign the pledge once
 more, and, this time, it was an unviola
 ted policy of ipsurance against the fires
 of destruction. He concluded that
 graphic sketch in the following words:
 “That man is again a giant, and he is
 broad; look out for him! Like Sam
 son, he is feeling for the pillars of the
 temple of Bacchus, and he will ere
 long revenge the loss ofhis locks by a
 mighty overthrow of that doomed edi
 fice.”
It affords the writer no small degree
 of pleasure to lift up the curtain which
 hangs between the past and present,
 and look back to the time when the
 now eminent champion of peace first
 put on his paper cap and leather apron
 and made the forge blaze and the ham
 mer ring. He did not dream, then,
 that he one day would beat swords into
 plough-shares and spears into pruning
 hooks. His friends did not at that time
 give him credit for any striking mani
 festations of genius. To use his own
 words, he was a “plodding, patient,
 persevering” lad, gathering by “the
 process ot accretion, which builds the
 ant-heap, particle by particle, thought
 by thought, fact by fact.” In this
 way he worked and studied, night by
 night, for years, with “blistered hands
 and brightening hope,” at lessons
 which have made him shine a star of
 the first magnitude in the firmament of
 fame.
In the summer of 1838, Governor
 Everett, of Massachusetts, in an ad
 dress to an association of mechanics in
 Boston took occasion to mention that a
 blacksmith of that State had, by his
 unaided industry, made himself ac
 quainted with fifty lajiguagesl Prior to
 this announcement Mr. Burritt had
 lived in obscurity, and the fame of his
 acquirements did not extend beyond
 the smoke of his workshop. When
 Mr. Nelson called on Mr. B. at Wor*
cester, he found him at his anvil.
 When told what the Governor had re
 ported respecting him, “he modestly
 replied that the Governor had done him
 more than justice. It wa3 true,he said,
 that he could read about fifty lan
 guages, but he had not studied them
 all critically. Yankee curiosity had
 induced him to look at the Latin gram
 mar; became interested in it, and per
 severed, and finally acquired a thor
 ough knowledge of that language. He
 then studied the Greek with equal care.
 An acquaintance with these languages
 had enabled him to read with equal
 facility the Italian, the French, the
 Spanish the Portuguese. The Rus
 sian, to which he was then devoting
 his odd moments, he said, was the
 most difficult of any he had underta
 ken.” He went to Worcester to se
 cure the advantages of an antiquarian
 library, to which the trustees allowed
 him free access. He spent eight
 hours at the forge, eight hours in the
 library, and the remaining eight hours
 of each day in recreation and rest.
 After he had studied Hebrew, and
 made himself acquainted with its cog
 nate languages, the Syraic, Chaldaic,
 Arabic, Samaritan, Ethiopic, &amp;.C., he
 turned his attention to the languages-pr
 Europe, and studied French, Spanish,
 Italian and German, under native
 teachers. He then pursued the Por
 tuguese, Flemish, Danish, Swedish,
 Norwegian, Icelandic, Welsh, Gselic,
 Celtic, &amp;c
It is somewhat remarkable that a
 man who has devoted so much of his
 time to the acqujsition of languages
 that he is a living portable polyglott,
 should have such mightv mathematical
 powers. Figures tumble from his pen
 like seeds from a sack when the string
 is untwined from its throat. There are
 but few men of past or present times
 that can excel him in description.
 Take the following graphic sketch of
 the iron horse as a specimen of his
 skill in that department of literature,
 “I love to see one ofthese creatures
 with sinews of brass and muscles of
 iron, strut forth from his smoky table*
 and, saluting the long train of cars
 with a dozen sonorous puffs from his
 iron nostrils, fall back gently into his
 harness. There he stands, champing
 and foaming upon the iron track, his
 great heart a furnace of glowing coals
 his lymphatic blood is boiling in his
 veins, the strength of a thousand
 horses is nerving his sinews—he pants
 to be gone. He would ‘snake’ St.
 Peter’s across the desert of Sahara, if
 he could be fairly hitched to it, but
 there is a little, sober-eyed, tobacco
 chewing man in the saddle, who holds
 him in with one finger, and can fake
 away his breath in a moment, should
 he grow restive or vicious. lam al
 ways deeply interested in this man, for
 begrimed as he may be with coal, di
 luted in oil and steam, I regard him as
 the genius of the whole machinery, as
 the physical mind of that huge steam
 horse.”
Mr. Burritt believes that God has
 made of one blood all the nations of
 the earth, and he aims to unite them
 by the frateiua.l chain of
 He looks upon war as an inexcusable
 evil, and labors manfully for its extir
 pation. He would dismantle the ar
 senal, disband the army, spike the can
 non and reforge the cutlass. He
 would take our ships of war and “lade
 them down to the water’s edge with
 food and covering for human beings.”
 “The ballast should be round clams,
 or the real quahaugs, heavy as cast
 iron, and capital for roasting. Then”
he “would build along up, filling every
 square inch with well-cured provisions.
 He would have a hogshead of bacon
 mounted in every port-hole, each of
 which should discharge fifty hams a
 minute when the ship was brought in
 to action; and the state-rooms should
 be filled with well made garments, and
 the taut cordage and the long tapering
 spars should be festooned with boy’s
 jackets and trowsers. Then, when
 there should be no more room for
 another codfish or herring, or sprig of
 catnip,” he “would run up the white
 flag of peace.” He “would throw as
 many hams into the city in twenty-four
 hours, as there were bomshelis and
 cannon balls thrown intoKeil by the
 besieging armies”; he “would barri
 cade the low, narrow streets with
loaves of bread; would throw up a
 breast-work, clear round the market
 place of, barrels of flour, pork and
 beef, and in the middle- raise a stack
 of salmon and codfish as large as a
 small Methodist meeting-house, with a
 steeple to it, and a bell in the steeple,
 and the bell shall ring to all the city
 bells, and the city bells should ring to
 all the people to come to market and
 buy provisions, without money and
 without price. And white flags should
 everywhere wave m the breeze, on the
 vanes of steeples, on mast-heads, on
 flag-9tones along the embattled walls,
 on the ends of willow sticks, borne by
 the romping, laughing, trooping chil
 dren. All the blood-colored drapery
 of war should bow and blush before
the stainless standard of peace, and
 generations of Anglo-Saxons should
 remember with mutual felicitations,
 the conquest of the white flag, or the
 storming of Quebec.”
 Mr. Burritt has made his mark upon
 this age—a mark which ;ime will not
 erase. His society is coirted by the
 great men of Europe aid America.
 He quietly suggests a world’s conven-
tion, and Senators, members of Par
 liament, Baronets and crowned heads
 hearken to his counsels. He is the
 same great and good man, whether in
 the smithy, talking with fhe hard-hand
 ed nailers or in the magnificent forum
 pleading for peace in tie presence of
 the dignitaries of the land. He has no
 idea that he is a great, man and would
 not believe it if competent judges were
 to give him a printed certificate to
 prove the fact. He is a bachelor; not
 a fussy, squeamish, nervously-fastidi
 ous bachelor, but a generous, social,
 free-and-easy, unostentatious bachelor
 who ought to have been married long
 ago, although he is just the right age
 to become a married man now. His
 paper needs no notice from my hum
 ble pen. It is widely circulated, and
 speaks for itself. The press in his
 hand is like the hammer in the hand of
 Thor, the thunder-god. He strives to
 smite off the clanking manacles from
 the uplifted hands of the bleeding
 slave, and to strike down the monster
that wades in blood, and to build up
 the temple of universal peace, and to
 weld the world in an unbroken band
 of eternal brotherhood. He sees a
 spirit of selfishness abroad that would
 rob earth of its flowers and heaven of
 its lights, disinherit the angels, un
 crown the Almighty, and sit upon the
 throne of the universe. So he has un
 furled the white banner, and is now
 leading the crusaders of a good cause
 to a battle where no blood will be shed
 but where that evil, selfish spirit will
 be subdued and peace shall triumph!
 Crayon.
League Bazaar in London. —Mr.
 Burritt had just time to inform us by
 last mail that he had a pleasent voyage
 across the ocean, and arrived in Lon
 don in time to open the grand League
 of Brotherhood Bazaar. It had com
 menced with eclat. Mrs. Richard Cob
 den presided at one stall, and Mrs. Mil
 ner Gibson also took part it its man
 agement. —The stalls are described by
 the London Morning Advertiser as be
 ing extreemly rich in articles of gen
 eral use and tasteful beatuy.—One
 unique feature was a table of beautiful
 fossils. One thousand tickets of ad
 mission were sold the first .day, and
 about one thousand dollars worth of
 articles disposed of.—We hope to pre
 sent our readers with a full report next
 week, Mr. Burritt will now also be
 able to greet the citizen circle weeldy,
 in propria persona. —Christian Citizen.
Texas and New Mexico.— By the
 Congressional Journal, it will be seen
 that the President sent a message to
 the Senate on Monday, in reply to the
 cal! of that body for information “whe
 ther any orders had been issued to any
 military officers at Santa Fe, to hold
 possession against the authority of Tex
 as, or in any way to embarrass the ex
 ercise of her jurisdiction over that
 country.” The President says that no
 such orders have been given. He also
 states that information has been receiv
 ed that the Commissioner of Texas has
 proceeded to Santa Fe with a view of
 organizing counties in that District,
 under the authority of Texas. This
 territory, he says,was actually acquired
 by the United States from Mexico,
 and has since been actually held by the
 United States, and, in his opinion,
 ought so to remain, until the boundary
 of Texas is settled by some competent
 authority. Meanwhile, he thinks, there
 is no reason for seriously apprehending
 that Texas will practically interfere
 with the possession of the U. S.
This latter conclusion of the message
 may be founded on good cabinet logic,
 for aught we know, but we confess it is
 beyond our comprehension. We do
 not see how that Texas can exer
 cise jurisdiction, organize counties,
 and do other sovereign acts within the
 territory, without any hindrance or mo
 lestation from the authorities, and not
 thereby practically interfere with the
 possession of the United States. We
 fear that there is a settled purpose to
 let Texas consummate her usurpation
 over New Mexico, and thus afford an
 other triumph to slavery, by extending
 that atrocious system over a large ter
 ritory now free.— Mass. Spy.
Another Plot.— The following let
 ter from the Washington correspondent
 of the Journal of Commerce, —who,
 whatever else may be said of him, (says
 the Massachusetts Spy,) is usually well
 informed, foreshadows another buc
 caneering expedition In the Western
 Archipelago:
Washington, June 14.
 The United States have become,
 through the force of circumstances,
 the arbiter of the future destiny of
 Cuba and of St. Domingo. The con
 dition of the latter Island—two-thirds
 of it now under the control of the
 Spanish population, and the other third
 constituting the Haitien Government—
 and the relentless warfare carried on
 between the two communities—is now
 such, that the Government of the
 United States—by interference—must
 decide the future political condition of
 the Island.
If our people be suffered to take any
 part in the conflict, it will be on the side
 of the European race, and against the
 black government. There is every
 reason to believe that something is go
 ing on in reference to this matter, and
 that an expedition from the United
 States will, at no distant day, strength
 en the resources of the Dominicans.—
 What this Government is to do, in the
 event that the Island should be brought
 under the subjection either of Spain or
 of American adventurers, will become
 a serious question.
I do not suppose that the U. S. will
 undertake to bully the black Emperor,
 Faustin I.—though some tendency that
 way may have been supposed to exist.
 But if, by resources which may, bjifcur
 citizens, be furnished to the Domini
 cans,' they shall subject the blacks to
 their dominion, and perhaps to domes
 tic slavery; and if the American and
 Spanish masters of the Island ask for
 annexation to the Union, and for a
 Territorial or Colonial Government, or
 for protection against Spain,or France,
 or England—or all three—it will create
 a new and dark-looking question—and
 it will arise in time to take the place of
 the present slavery conflict in Con
 gress, should it be fortunately settled.”
Another Letter from Mr. Web
 ster. —The Intelligencer of Wednes
 day morning publishes a three-column
 letter from Daniel Webster to certain
 friends of his at Kennebec, Me. In it
 Mr. Webster retorts severely on his
 various reviewers, charging some of
 them with a passion for misrepresenta
 tion befitting devils. He quotes liber
 ally and adroitly from his speeches, and
 declares that slavery is just as like tp
 be planted on Mars Hill, or on.the
 White Mountains, as in New Mexico.
 He indulges a hope, if not a confident
 assurance, that a settlement ot the dif
 ficulty will be arrived at. As to the
 reclamation of fugitive slaves, he is
 silent.— Mass. Spy,
iCJ 2 The Carlist refugee, Cabrera,
 was married, on Wednesday, to an
 heiress, Miss Richards, the only child
 of the late R. Vaughn Richards, Q.C.
 The ’ceremony took place first at the
 Roman Catholic chapel, Manchester
 square, and afterwards at St. George’s,
 Hanover-square, London Inq.
4\&amp;»crtiscmcnts.
Asylum for the Sick.
DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas ethat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it isjiot relied on as the only
 or principal leraedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all itß stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 injthe Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation o! the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 ali kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weckness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfiicient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor’will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part off the United
 States here and back heme again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proDrie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itseL
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying ail
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber ofpatients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure &amp;a much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he meana that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,'
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment, in
 Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistiiled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tile
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 a)lf a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 withothers, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
TATANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Colored Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street, New York,
FRIENDS nf the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated witL
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any othei
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. l’i POWELL.
 May 11 ,184.9.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 r pHIS entirely new, beauutui, aud eminently ser-
 JL vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons oi
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 They warran. entoe satisfaction
REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo,
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorhain,’(who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse Bepl4~Sm
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
and Water-fure Establishment.
 V
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the trealment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have bad renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;e., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and winch medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 7
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH .ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, whS bad not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
Such is out knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
PROPOSITION:
We will enter into a special written agreement uhth
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system ot treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P.S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to Halsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
•7 OHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium qualitv, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly a
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities an
 styles.
Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.§
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Co or Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy,
 rimming Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kenned A,oaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 ine whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which tlie Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of die Free
 rroduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Nordnvest corner Fifth and Cherry-s
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
TUST PUBLISHED and for sale at die office o!
 O of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It 1:
 edition.
This work contains about 280 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent audiorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—■
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents."
Wm. \V. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M,
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, Nordi
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j u tf
“Every Man his own Physician,’’
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
TUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 O for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “’I lIE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily|practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. 1).”
Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 1 HE HERB BOOK, a bi ok devoted exclusively
 ,o Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expiesely for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Poj/ulur Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on tliat point all tin
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contaiii 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12$ cents.
The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tnat one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate,_for both
 maU and female.
The book has been written with great care, ki a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian ami a thorough botanist. We cun recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kina ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
gCAny person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pud paying postage on tne letter, shall have four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 Sena in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach tlffir destination.
 gtj- Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from S2O
 to SSO will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 vast paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
RjB
 Mmmmmm
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
Ever Discovered!
TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY' has not its equal
 ou the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a greHt variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS Af
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Stc.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPAVINS,
Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Freeh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, $-c,’
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly liaye been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 bv general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised w r ounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of*
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that cf the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years ths
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 ana have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoi ses now in use. E D MINOR.
 Ail orders addressed to the proprietor will b*
 promptly responded to.
 Getapamphiet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 bold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Tost Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B,
 Swan, Winslow H. D. Wade
 Kocliester.
 I Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Cleve’
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany;
 oihstei Co, Buffalo; Greenmail Smith, Util
 ca; I D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6m]
iiritisii Periodical Literature,
The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 HUE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodic
 A cals renders it neediess to say much in their praise.
 As -iterary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything ol the sort now published, while hie polit*
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
uey embrace the view's cf the three great parties
 in England'.—Tory, W hig, and Radical. Black
 w'ood and the London Quarterly are Tory; foe
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sine*
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated w ith Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 W estminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly ami Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Review s formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
'1 he above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, §3 00 per annum
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular euo
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES.
A iate arrangement with tne British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 diat work, bv which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.
Remittances and commurycations should always
 be addressed, post-paid or fVanked, to thepubisher
 LEUNARD SCOTT Co.
 70, Fultou Street, New York,
