The KORTK STAB
 TUietar. B r
 (Opp°** ttkt A™***')
 FREDERICK ISSM.»SS. Eo.ro.
 tgrmh.
 _ I »ur«ner annum, W
 jssi£Sr-rh.
 lUree times for one dollar;
 lion* twenty-fite cents.
 nf.lw N-KTI.STA.
 R,AVERY 1.. H
 rf ,«Mc „„d
 ef« -“m*™-
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES,
 ill co( nmnniciitinno relating to the 6ur»nr«
 i^St S&amp;S??SSi!SS
 ®S'‘iSfc I SS S C 5S5 ii« «ames,are
 3s** Each Subscriber is in.-
 i sr^WS2ssr-:
 ,etu»n. *«nM“ “I*
 h *S.” —i* I-*
 paid
 liIST OF AGENTS.
 Bourne .Sooner, P»y™outh Cyru. Bradbury,
 Northampton. Co«r»well, Brookfield.
 C«s.vccTicoT.--Jabe« Y|* «av 142, Nassau
 ffarpsr, V
 K. vTnTi L.M.■**
 Willi. Smrk. Medina,
 RHODKlltattu-Attarancjl North
 Pit N t »f L? A NJ i,aJ J c Bust ill, 149.
 FjHl. Street, Ph.ludelphi-- J Pi U ,burgh; Wm.
 sl».Siaih Sired, Do-;. RvW»r|W New
 Whipper, Columbia; M.lo A.
 Ur A ghlo, i i Gaines. Cincinnati Chare.
 1 'Jtoivbirfhtciinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 5t asftuSSTvK An
 Jame. Carey, 'loromo.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER
0 tit ft tans.
[From the London Inquirer.
 henry bulwer-the model
 republic-english press.
 To thk Editor Sir: l have been
 giyen to' understand that the sentiments
 of the Examiner on the subject ot
 \mencan slavery, remain such as they
 have been in any former period of its
 career; and I am not disposed to im
 peach the testimony on which 1 have
 been assured of that fact. Yet it may
 pe thought by sonr,e that qccasion
 taken to appeal to those sentiments v\as
 not altogether inappropriately chosen,
 after perusal of some portions ot a
 speech hy “Sir Henry Bulwer, at Bal
 timore,” transferred from an American
 paper in the Examiner of May the
 fn my anticipation that the bane and
 the antidote might he permitted to go
 togejher. a»4 thqt i\\e in}pre sion rpade
 by that speech might to some extent be
 corrected through the same medium. 1
 was doomed to he disappointed. But,
 as 1 continue to think the mischief ot
 ►hat effusion by no means slight, I ven
 ture to hope th# tl»e facility has
RIGHT IS OF Jffl SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
VOL. 111. NO. 29.
“A brighter and more real picture
 offered to his eye. The glorious spec
 tacle of tyvo great States the
 same in origin, in language, and above
 all, in character! standing side by side,
 hand in hand, in'the van of all man
 kind! the first wherein true glory was
 to be gained; justice and mercy to be
 vindicated! Commerce, civilisation,
 and religion to be spread. The past
 hallowed their union, the future smiled
 on it, and heaven cauld not but bless it,
 for it was tho union of one family, and
 had for its object the benefit of the
 whole world!”
 This somewhat remarkable escapade
 is Sir Henry HulwerW The italics W
 tong to Are. And I make use of that
 expedient to draw attention to the deli
 cate flattery applied to this country by
 assimilating it in character and object
 with another wty&gt;se are some
 what differently rated by one of her
 own greatest soas, in the ever memora
 ble words of President Jefferson: “I
 tremble for my country when I reflect
 that God is just; and that, in the revo
 lution of the whpe] c,f fortune, which is
 among possible events, the Almighty
 has no attribute which can side with us
 in such a contest!”
 Sir, this compliment to England was
 paid by her representative in a land
 where the following judicial definition
 has been given of a man, who, in being
 a slave, is accounted a thing, “Dop me d
 to live without knowledge and without
 capacity to make anything his own,
 and to toil that another may reap the
 fruits.” It was *poken in a land where
 men are raised for th? rpafket like
 oxen for the shambles;” the same Jef
 ferson being our authority. Nay, it
 was spoken iq a city M’hogp streets at
 that moment were witnesses of the
 “justice and mercy” belonging to a
 State thus, in 1829, described in the
 Baltimore Reporter, quoted by Theo
 dore Parker, in “A fetter \o the peo
 ple of the United States, torching the
 matter of Slavery,”now before me;
 Dealing in slaves has become a large
 business, establishments are made in
 several places, in Maryland, at which
 they are sold like cattle; ti»asa places
 of qeposit are strongly built', and well
 supplied witli iron thumb-screws and
 gags, and ornamented with cow-skins
 and other whips, often bloqdy. ki“
 naliy, this Apottieosis of the YVebstera
 and the Clays—one of whom would
 abolish slavery, the Lord knows when,
 and the other never —was pronounced
 in a land, associated with England, as
 j “in the van of all mankind/’ of which
 Thomas Clarkson being witness, the
 good
From Correipondenuof tlie London Inquirer.
 LATTER-DAY PAMPHLETS. Edited
 br Thomas Carlrb. No lll.—Down
 inf-street. No. IV.— The New Down
 inf-street.
 Mr. Carlyle ia a capital fault-finder,
 a great master of tbe philosophy of
 discontent. He has a keen eyo for
 tbd defective in existing arrangements,
 and fastens at once on an abuse. He
 ean.give us clearly enough the diagno
 sis of 4iaease, but has little talent for
 prescription. His genius is critical,
 rather th4h constructive.- Ho fulfils
 but one part of the teacher’s office.
 He is unsparing in his “Woe unto
 V(MI h..*
 compliment, “Do this and live.” In
 the few cases in which he haathought
 fit to indicate a remedy, we could wish,
 for his own sake, that he had preserved
 that “divine silence” which he is so
 fond of coinmending. The truculent
 champion of the “beneficent whip,”
 the man who would insult the intelli
 gence and the feeling of the
 Sga, hy proposing a return to the penal
 atrocities of the darkest times, is clearly
 not one on w hose counsel we should
 rely ip dealing with the difficult social
 and political problems of the day.
 Mr. Carlyle’s panacea is force. The
 world, he thinks, is much injured just
 now by a certain pestilential potions
 respecting self-government, reform,
 popular rights, and so forth. It is also
 the victim of a grand delusion called
 philanthropy, the object of his nn-|
 measured scorn and reprobation. What
 men most want is to be well dragooned!
 instead of governing themselves, they
 should be placed, furfhwith, under a
 salptpry despotism. The people must
 be “regimented,” and disposed under
 captains, who should keep them to
 their work. This blessed process,”
 Mr. Carlyle imagines, wopld accom
 plish our redemption., “and, in the
 course of generations, make us all,
 once more, a governed commonwealth,
 and Civitas Dei, if it pleases God.”
 He would solemnly abjure the princi
 ple of love as an agency i,n dealing
 with ev*l. “Tv guide scoundrels by
 ‘love;’that is a false woof I take it, a
 method that will not hold together;
 hardly for the flower of men wih love
 alone do, and the sediment and
 ycoundrelism of men ii has not even a
 chance to do.” This sounds to us,
 we confess, very like a solemn repudi
 ation of Christianity.
 The scoundrel trihe Mr. Cprlyle
 would hand over remorselessly to the
 hangm&amp;n. Qur P ar t s to get rid ol
 them as summarily, and with as strik
 ■—j—lfcMliM ot “hatred” ns
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1850.
which, in the critic’s judgment, are
 urgently required? t£| as a nation, we
 ai* not to “sink to death eternal.” In
 tfthalfof “the dead
 pedantries, indolent som
 nolent impotences, and accumulated
 dung-mountains, ’of
 we nave no plea to Roller; we betters
 them to be quite as had as Mr. Carlyle
 has represented then* and rejoice thpt
 he has undertaken toimpose them, die
 certainly succeeds hlmaking us very
 sensible of the impuriies of our "ad
 ministrative stable r ||pt us thank
 him for the office,- '%e,evil once re
 cognised. we ak*ll ZjmtmS.thm. Miinttimm
 writer fur flea fnoye inn nye.
 Before following Mr. Carlyle into
 the “redtape jungle,” and introducing
 the “doleful creatures” that tenant it,
 we must not omit to notioe a blot,
 which deforms the opening pages oi
 the Pamphlet on “Downing-street.”
 Our authoris the victim of a strange
 monomania. On the subject ot Negro
 Emancipation, he is positively mad.
 Exter-hall has turned his brain —cer-
 tain aspects of philanthropy, as there
 presented, having disgusted him; he
 vents his spleen relentlessly on his
 colored brethren. Even in a book on
 the political wants ot England, he must
 go out of his way to renew his attack
 on the unhappy race, which, though
 long ages, has endured utterable wrong
 from the cruelty and avarice of civil
 ised man; and those sufferings, if
 nothing eUe, should secure for it ras
 pectful sympathy. To us t lie re is
 something unspeakably mournful in this
 perversion of genius.
 Mr. Carlyle starts with the proposi
 tion, that there is something radically
 wrong in our “sublime establishments
 in Downmg-street,” and that a reform
 in these must precede all other reloims
 whatsoever. NVhat we want is not a
 reformed Parliament, but a reformed
 Executive; not a better “talking-ap
 paratus,” but a better “acting-appa
 ratus We suffer from want of wis
 dom in our rulers. We have men
 in high places unfit for them work, in
 bondage to traditions and formalities;
 mere histrios and dexterous talkers,
 instead of heroes and Herculean men.
 We must have abler rulers or perish.
 The great practical question lor us is
 this;- “Can we by no industry,
 energy, utmost expenditure of human
 ingenuity, and passionate invocation
 of the henvens and the earth, get to
 attain some twelve, or ten, or six men
 to manage the affairs of this nation in
 Downing-street, and the chief posts
 elsewhere, who are abler for the work
 I than those we have been used to this
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US All; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN
frages,” will not be likely, as yet, to
 secure us the ablest men as govet-oors.
 The question, then, recurs, How shall
 they be obtained? Mr. Carlyle can
 suggest no other method than this, that
 we should “pray” for an increase of
 “reverence for human intellect”
 amongst as! We shall certainly not
 object to this. It is excellent in its
 way, but gives us, it must be confessed,
 no immediate prospect of gaining our
 oligarchy of heroes.
 The fact is, that Mr. Carlyle, in
 speaking for his remedy, has begun at
 the wrong end. He ignores the ex
 nsnnra "ftsfanar tm
 evils. “Thirty thousand
 men, a Cannaught fallen into potential
 cannibalism, and the Idle Workhouse,
 everywhere bursting”—these terrible
 realities haunt him. He infers (hasti
 ly enough) that the tendencies of the
 modern era are in a wrong direction;
 thus our political reforms and princi
 ple of self-government are a delusion.
 He sees no safety but in submission to
 a few strong intellects, that shall sub
 stitute divine order for the present
 chaos, and maintain an obsolute con
 trol.
 As we have seen, he is unable to
 give us any receipt for obtaining and
 perpetuating our oligarchy of wisest
 and best. In no way could he be sure
 of such. His proposed remedy, there
 fore, is little better than a mockery,
 after all. But could we find to-mor
 row the able despots, whom Mr. Car
 lyle commends to us, who could reform
 us and “regiment” us in the most ap
 proved style, we should decline to ac
 cept them. Could wc be sure of a
 succession of good and wise despots,
 which he could not, we should prefer
 our present liberty with all its attendant
 evils,. The great lesson, which the
 nations are learning in this epoch,
 amidst many discouragements and
 much severe discipline, 19 that of self
 government. We have all faith that
 they will master it in time; and amidst
 their many blunders, and the sad evils
 remitting therefrom, the very process
 of acquiring it is not without its salu
 tary fruits. The stern experience of
 failures is teaching wisdom, which, in
 due season, we doubt not, will enable
 them to command success. Mr. Car
 lyle’s philosophy would almost seem
 to he the fruit of impatience. He would
 seek to cure by the speedy application
 of force, those evils which necessarily
 attend the evolution of new systems,
 and the progress of nations, from the
 tutelage of infancy to the self-control
 of maturity. He would revert to the
 i.- i_
WHOLE NO. 188.
I«KTTEr from grace
 GREENWOOD.
 This lady is in Washington. The
 following tetter, which we copy from
 the Philadelphia Saturday Evening
 Post, will be read with interest:
 Washington, June 16th, 1850.
 Gentlemen:*— l reached the Capitol
 city on the night of the 12th, after
 a really pleasant jeurney from Phil
 adelphia; for the kindly attentions
 of the gentlemanly conductor, under
 whose care 1 was placed, and the most
 agreeable conversation of some ae
 «i&gt;if»in&gt;*i&gt;«w which I made, did away
 witk my lonely feeling, and almost
 ftf rfay 11 aed
 This is my first visit to Washing
 ton, and it was not without emotion
 that 1 found myself in the gallery of
 the Senate chamber, looking down on
 the assembled wisdom of the nation—
 to use a novel expression. Webster
 and Clay I had 9een before, yet 1
 should have singled them out, 1 think,
 had I not known them. The unap
 proachable grandeur of Webster’s
 head—the imperious eye of Clay—the
 Wellingtonian front of Benton, who
 could mistake
 There was that morning, an animat
 ed discussion on the Compromise Bill,
 oif which )ou will have seen the report.
 Clay, Webster, Benton, Seward, and
 Foote were among the speakers. Mr.
 Clay was suffering from recent indis
 position, but he spoke with great ener
 gy and with keen Hashings of his
 wonderful eye. It cannot be denied,
 however, that he oftener parried the
 attacks of his opponents with wit, than
 met them in argument. At one time, I
 when Benton was thundering out a
 severe passage directed especially to
 him, he bent forward and placed his
 hand to his ear, in the attitude of listen
 ing, saying,—“Speak a little louder!”
 But ere the close of the debate, this
 early morning, coolness forsook the dis
 tinguished Senator—there were some
 keener passes between him and Ben
 ton, and both the honorable and vener
 able Senators seemed somewhat obli
 vious of lhe little proprieties naturally
 to be expected of such “potent, grave
 and reverend signiors.”
 Webster’s manner }n speaking had
 a sort of solemn heaviness, which may
 have been impressive, but certainly
 was not inspiring, I was surprised to
 find Senator Foote a slight, genial
 looking, elderly gentleman. I had
 supposed him to bo a younger and a
 I more liery-visagcd individual. He is
 j a moat restless statesman—seems af
 dieted with a sort of patriotic form of the
f v
 in the form of bis head and the out
 line of his face, he is strikingly like
 Napoleon, but the expression is more
 frank anc genial. Personally he is, I
 hear, guile popular with all parties
 here, and politically he moves on in a
 straight and open course, not antagon
 istic in spirit, but most uncompromising
 in principle.
 Mr. Clemens, of Alabama, the
 jjroungeit member of the Senate, and
 quite well known of late for his unflat
 tering estimate of Northern Indies, is
 oho by myself—a decided individual.
 The length and disposal o! his locks,
 and a certain ornate style of dress,
 i bordering on the flashy, are remotely
 I suggestive of a favorite character well
 known to Philadelphia playgoers. On
 i the whole, I should say he was a gen-
 Uletnen likely to smoke vehemently,
 drive rapidly, and wear his hat with
 i a one-side inclination.
 Mr. Chase, of Ohio, makes a fine
 appearance, with his powerful figure
 and his noble, earnest face, but I have
 not heard him speak. Mr. Corwin, as
 you well know, has a head and face of
 great “character. I hope I may yet
 listen to his peculiar and powerful
 oratory.
 On the second day, visited the
 House, when I could hear but tittle,
 yet was deeply and pleasantly interest
 ed by the new scenes and impressions.
 The House, most of the time, is a
 strange scene of confusion, Mr. Cobb,
 the Speaker, is kept hard at work,
 calling honorable gwrtlemen to order S
 and making decisions pounding a»&lt;£x
 expounding. His office is evidos£J
 T* *ir*, t l '»»r nn
 In the gallery, I had the'
 seeing Horace Mann—one of my en
 thusiasms, and a most delightful person
 I found, —Mr. Giddings, a man as
 agreeable in manner as he is impres
 sive in appearance, and strong in char
 acter —and one or two other gentlemen,
 whose conversation more than recon
 ciled me to losing the speaking on the
 floor, which, in my position, I. found it
 impossible to hear, Charles Francis
 Adams wav in the House. He is strik
 ingly like his father, hut shorter, I
 think, and with a colder eye. Horace
 Greeley was pointed out to me, a man
 of mark. I think one may safely ven
 ture that.
 Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts, is
 a most elegant gentleman —David Wil
 mot is a ponderous man, and—hut l
 must visit the House again, and give
 you a fuller report. This morning t
 was at the W hite House, but I will re
 servo the account of my visit for my
 next letter. My friend Miss Lynch is
 in town, creating a sensation, as usual,
 by her elegance ot person and charm
 ing vivacity of manner. She is admir
 ably calculated for life at the Capitol
 Miss Bremer is expected soon. Both
 are to stay at the house of a friend of
 ours —so, won’t we have times l
 1-ke Washington immensely. It is a
 pleasent rambling, desultory, well-ven
 tilated sort of a town open to some ob
 jection on account of its “magnificent
 distances” perhaps, but delightful, for
 all that. But more of the city, of every
 thing, anon. Yours,
 Grace Greenwood
 An African Serpent Tamer.— The
 hippopotamus which arrived by the
 ‘Ripon’ steamer on Saturday, is now in
 the Zoological Garden, Regent’s Park.
 ;On board the steamer was the collec
 tion of birds, beasts and reptiles,which
 Iwe referred to in our last number. A
 [correspondent ot the Daily News, at
