THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 11, 1850.
The North Star is sometime* sent to friend:
 who do not take the pa| er, in the hope that the'
 mav we fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions an&gt;
 donations for the same may lie safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester
 N. Y.
 {JcJ*\Vle ted— Several Travelling Agents
 to procure subscribers for the North Star.
 liberal commission will be given. None need npph
 but such as can bring good recommendations foi
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 ERICK Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Oun English friends vho have not pan
 their subscriptions to the North Star, foi th.
 year 1850, are requested lo forward them, b'
 Post Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 &gt;n, 5, Summerhiil Grove, Newcastle-c.i
 Tyne.—r. d
TT/* Will our IWonto friends who hate no
 paid their i inscriptions for the preset t yea
 of the North Star, have the kindness to for
 ward them lo our Agent, Mr. J. James Carey 1
From the Loudon Inquirer, June 15.
 British Opinion of car “J-ree and
 Enlightened Republic.”
 Those who are borne along by a strean
 are not always c r.scious of their own mo
 tion. Tne change of place seems to them t
 be ill th: stationary objects w hich they leav
 Too ueiudaut iUluuu:d Stau&lt;ss«.
 JVngetous conclusions; but ih?re are fe\
 amongst themselves in whose minds tii&lt;
 movement excites any serious misgivings.
 znay appear rash lossy of a society so pros
 perous, that it is drifting towards anarchy
 but tins is the impression which many fact
 concur to produce in the minds of Euro
 peans. and it is, unfortunately, confirmed b
 the most recent intelligence. Nothing ca.
 be clearer than that habits of obedience
 the law lying at the basis of all civilization
 Wherever these are wanting, we ate sure n
 find barbarism and wretchedness. Civilize
 tion is another word for universal peacelu
 co-operation, for the periect reliance of mai
 upon i.-.an, and of ail upon the stability am
 regularity of ihe atrangemenia under wh ci
 they live. Whenever individual wilfulnes:
 disturbs this order, it tends to sever the in
 numerable ties of confidence which knit me
 together; and if the law, which is the ex
 pression of all the collective will, has not t
 clear and decisive efficacy in crushing the re
 bellious impulse, the ultimate result must bt
 complete social disorganize ion. Habitus
 submission lo legal authority is essential ti
 all governments, but it should be the vert
 viial principle of a Democratic or Republi
 can uonsiiluiion. A poweiful executive, will
 misses of troops at command, may hold un
 der coercion a population inclined to disturb
 ance; hut what are the prospects of order
 where a people, which is itsell sovereign, and
 the only guaidian of law, is prone to sanction
 or to to'erate ilegal violence? We canno.
 h*dp being painfully struck wiih the growth
 of lawless iiabiis in the United States. They
 augur ill for the fortunes of the great com
 mun.ty which is spreading itself from the
 Atlantic to the Pacific.
 The Cuba expedition, in spite of its ridicu
 lous termination, is a serious fact. If a
 piratical band of several thousand man can’
 be recruited, armed, and organised, on Ameri
 can soil, what are we to think of ihe authori
 ties which permit such an occurrence? li
 each a thing could take place in any Euro
 pean kingdom, it would provoke a universal
 self-defensive league against the country to
 distingu:sited; and scanty any measure oi
 restraint or punishment would be thought
 unwarranted. 13m no Europ ari government
 would thus suffer itsell u&lt; be rendered a pub
 lic nuisarce by ill-disposed subjects. It would
 punish, or give up t» punishment, those who
 were guilty of such a crime. But it is un
 fortunately doubtful whether, in the eyes ofa!
nothing more humbling, nothing more degra
 ding, than the spectacle which it presentc,
 md yet we daily witness the exhibition of it.
 in its most repulsive form, in ths great Re
 public of the “stripes and stars,*’ the “free
 ind enlightened” State* of the mighty
 American Union. Let us. as an instance,
 rake the following extract form the New
 York Globe:—
 •‘Frederick Douglas*, the impudent negro
 who has oflate taken upon himself the privi*
 ege of abusing our country, its pottiots, and
 constitution, without having that chastise
 ment he so richly merited at the hands of our
 republicans, who would not condescend to no
 tice his blasphemy and negroisms, had the
 audacity yesterday morning to wslk down
 Broadway, the principal promenade in our
 :ity, with two white women resting on his
 inns. Several citizens who noticed this
 Jisgraceful scene followed the impudent
 scamp to the Battery. On observing that he
 •vas watched, the negro commenced laughing
 tnd sneering at the gentlemen who were be
 u nd. One of them could not withstand the
 pro-oked and justifiable temptation to award
 o the i.egto that punishment which his dar
 ng rascal ly had subjected him to. The
 gentleman aepped up to him, and politely
 equested the women to leave their ebony
 oiiipaniun ami place themselves undet the
 protection of a gentleman who was standing
 ear by. The women very quietly did as
 hey were desired to d&lt;&gt;, and then the indig
 ent and insulted gentleman administered to
 he baftk of the negro a “dressing” that he
 vill have occasion lo rememhet some time
 h mce.—Maddened justice forgets the dc
 ates of law in a case of this kind; and, per
 on&amp;lly, we can see no reason why it should
 Hit.” r
 Frederick Douglass— the “larupped nig*
 rer” *s*n-uy me law of'the Slate
 n which he received this outrageous usage,
 md in which a public journal thus comments
 •n his conduct. He had committed o of
 etice against the municipal code wh ch reb
 ates the right* of its inhabitants; but he was
 guilty of the fearful, atrocious violation of
 he social code—-the code established by the
 prejudices and passions of the “ftee and en
 ightened” citizens—of dating publicly to as
 sert an equality with oiher human beings,
 whose skins were not of the dusky hue of
 ns. He “had the audacity” to walk through
 Broadway—the great public thoroughfare of
 New York— “with two white women!”
 For this offence lie was “larupped,” by a
 New York “white gentleman.” “Madden
 'd justice” could not look on tamely, a» the
 ‘disgraceful exhibition,” and disregirding
 aw, its promptings led lo summary castiga
 tion.
 For the real crime—the corpus delecti—
 was that of publicly promenading with the
 white women, lielore ihs indignant eyes of
 all fashionable New-Yorkers. The laughing
 and sneering at the “gentlemen,” who dog
 ged his footsteps, is all moonshine. Had
 poor Douglass turned round in a fit of
 nadJened justice,” and given a sound drub
 bing to one or other of his followers, for j
 heir black-guardism in pointedly and of
 fensively carrying on an espionage over his
 conduct, it would have been natural enough,
 and what a very “m id mannered” sort of
 man might have been well prompted to, by
 puch “audacity.” This, however, we must
 suppose, would in the “free” stale, and un
 der the “equal” laws, which are theme of
 such bombastic praises, not only from our
 yankee brethren, but from their admirers here
 and elsewhere, have subjected the hapless
 negro to being not merely “Isropped” but in
 all likelihood “Lynched.” The “free and
 enlightened,” we shrewdly surmise,—from
 reading the extract which we publish—
 would in a burst of “wild justice” have lorn
 the wretch in pieces.
 To understand fully the atrocity of tht
 conduct of these New York gentlemen, ihe
 atrocity of the social code of which thev
 were—to do them justice—only the volunteer
 executive, we must recollect that Fredericx
 Douglass is not only a “free” man— by the
 law hut is moreover an intelligent, educated, i
 citizen—one who has read, and travelled, and
 thought. He has the mind and heart—the
 intellect and the fetling— of a oran* but his i
 lipv are somewhat thick, his nose rathei flat- I
 MM—&gt;ii i inn
To Frederick Dougins*.
 Mr Dear Friend: On perusing your
 remarks on my letter to Mr. Ward, I perceive
 that your feelings hare been woucded because
 of the impression you are under lhai my
 strictures were intended to apply entirely to
 youtself, and that I compared you to the
 Mississippi ruffian. This was not the
 case; and no one, I am persuaded, who reads
 that letter will place any such construction
 upon it.
 It would be useless l.ete for me to state
 the estimate that I set upon your talents and
 ability as a man among us. I have often
 announced that with pen and voice, and have
 ever felt proud that we had so noble a speci
 men of our oppressed and enslaved brethren,
 who, with a righteous indignation, cursed the
 slaveholder, spurned slavery, and, with the
 power of a Hercules, had riven the contempt
 ible fetters that bound his manly form, dashing
 them to atoms, and walked fopth untrammeled
 as nature had designed Ifim, a god-like native
 nobleman. I borrow not the term of “native
 noble” as applied to you; for I find in the
 files of a paper before me, the term used by
 myself towards you, more than six years
 since. 1 believe I need no endorsement to
 prove my abiding if 1 did, I should apply to
 no other than yourself. But this 1 think will
 be conceded at once; and 1 should rot have
 sa d a woid on this point, had 1 not desired
 wastes w vwfi'etoMtw.-
 to put at rest any miscomprehensions or mis
 constructions that might follow the tone ol
 your remarks.
 The letter, though addressed to Mr. Ward,
 contained atrictuies upon your late review o!
 his course, yet I will go, and so intimated it
 Mr. Ward, an even length in attacking or con
 demning the posit on of Mr. Ward on that
 occasion, as stated by you; but I cannot ad
 mit that, in doing this, ii is necessary to im
 pugn his motives, unless he was an avowed
 or known enemy, which 1 do not accuse you
 of charging designedly to injure Mr. Ward
 but such, my dear sir, was the -.enor of your
 whole course towards him.
 My letter was intended as much a review
 of past feelings that existed among you, as
 for the present—as much to Mr. Ward as
 yourself, (only on presumption, as 1 had no
 means of ascertaining his course toward you,)
 and indeed not only Mr. Ward and yourself,
 but that distinguished eloquent gentleman of
 whose manly beating and unexceptionable
 ability I have often borne testimony—Mr. H.
 H. Garnet, but his name being disconnected
 with the late transaction, I did not feel at
 libeity to drag it in, although during the
 controversy-—the unfortunate, unhealthy con
 troversy that existed between you last summer
 and fall, I sat down to write a letter similar
 to my recent one, but forebore, lest it would
 be received with a different feeling and spirit
 from that which it was intended, and instead
 of good, evil might result therefrom.
 In the connection in which I made refei
 ence to the uncivilized, vulgar attacks of the
 Mississippi ruffian,” far, very far be it from
 an intention, on my part, to liken you, or any
 other gentlemen for whom I entertain sentt
 menis of respect, and this t’edairner was
 particularly made at the time—l repeat that
 it was not so intended, bu; simply to illustrate
 the fact that the position occupied by those to
 whom I then addressed myself, could easily
 be construed to emulate such persons only.—
 You re *ji l .y.P%W»M ‘he excep.
menu of the great body of the |»eople West,
 when I say that it h to me painful in ihe ex
 treme, and mortifying, to see talent, useful
 ness, ability, and acknowledged greatness
 amoug our leading men, unconscious though
 they may be of their attitude in the eyes of
 the public, brought to no higher aim than
 driving each other into obscurity This, dear
 air, is precisely the position occupied by our
 great men, as viewed by the scrutiny of public
 observation. Uncharitable though it be con
 sidered, yet (let the fsult be whose it may,
 with which we have nothing to do,) there is
 true cause for such reflections.
 Subsequent to the publication of ray letter,
 a friend placed in my hand the September
 number of the Maryland Colonization Journal;
 and although coming from an enemy ever
 ready to fault-find and torture, yet its con
 ductor, Dr. HaJI, is a competitor with whom
 I have had mjmy'an editorial conflict, and
 have found him generally candid, generous,
 high-minded, and more libera) than might be
 expected of a Cdonizaiionisi. The article
 which I extract therefrom, precedes the letter
 referred to, copied fiom the Njflh Star, and
 serves at least to show the bad impression
 such personal controversies make upon the
 public mind, as the public has an indisputable
 tight to inquire i«o and pass judgment upon
 the acts and duisgsuf all public men and
 his letter but reifcratea the true spirit of the
 controversy t
 Trow THOrmtTlOTn svmrn» j*rr—
 I other. —Considering the intense sympathy
 manifested for the slaves by Abolitionists, it
 is a matter of astonishment that so little Jraler
 J tiling €Xi9t9 between these philanthropists
 lor each other. I rom all quarters we hear of
 strife and wranglings Not only between the
 whites, where it might reasonably be expect
 ed, but between the colored" leaders 'hem
 selves. Asa specimen of this interchange of
 Friendship's offerings,” we copy a letter
 from the Rev. H. H. Garnet, a colored man
 "f education and trlents, to his brother and
 fellow-laborer, Frederick Douglass. It is one
 •*f the most able and most courteous of the
 class wo have seen. It seems this being
 lionized in England causes no little jealousy
 and heart-burning among our colored adven
 turers.”
hat I have written has been dene in Jove,
 as an act of justice, not only to yourself and
 our deai and esteemed friends and brothers,
 Ward and Garnet, but also our people at
 large and the cause in whicli you have em
 barked.
 Lot me repeat again, that what I have said
 in humbleness is exeupt from all attempts of
 censure, believing that whatever errors do ex
 ist are the result of oversight and not design;
 and that a suggestion alone is sufficient to in
 duce a sufficient remedy and that greatness
 should fully appreciate the design of one,
 however humble and obscure, when approach
 ing you with every manifestation of kindred
 sincerity.
 With every hope and desire for your con
 tinuance, prosperity and eventual success in
 the sacred cause of our elevation,
 I am, dear sir,
 \oure for God and humanity,
 M. R. DEL ANY.
 Pittsburgh, July 1, 1850.
Copenhagen, 27ib of 6th n o. 1850.
 h redekick Douglass Although our
 national legislation the past season has been
 as good as could have been expected, it is a
 disgrace to a free people. When we look at
 the opposing elements of liberty and slavery
 that are in the nati*rw+if« I J
 n -C.I.AA gUOIIP
Mast Meeting of Colored Citizens■
 At a Mam Meeting of the colored citizens
 of Pittsburgh and Alleghany cities, June
 18th, 1850, convened in the basement of the
 W,ley fcireet Church, to take into considers*
 tioo a case of kidnapping which has recently
 taken place in our midst, by unanimous con
 sent, THOMAS NORRIS was called to the
 Chair, and John N. TtnettroN chosen ss
 Secretary:
 The Chairmen, havhg taken his seat,
 called on the Rev. A. R. Green to open the
 meeting w ith prayer; after which, the Chair
 man biiefly stated the object of the meeting.
 The following preamble and resolutions
 were presented and read to the meeting by
 Dr. M R. Delany, Chairman of the Commit
 tee; which-, on motion, were received.
 Whereas. By an act of Congress of 1793.
 i the right of seizure of a person claimed as
 a fugitive slave by the person calling himself
 master, is made sacred and inviolable; and
 whereas, by the power vested, any white
 man has a right to claim, se.ze, bind, and
 carry away into bondage, any colored person
 at any time, and from any place, as his own
 slave, without the semblance of s trial or
 legal inter feranco from any source, provided
 the contrary is not proven by law, the weight
 of w hich proof rests on the defendant; and
 1 whereas, it is known to be difficult with s
 i great majority of cases to prove their free
 dom according to the requirements of law,
 the difficulty being mttcii greater with those
 free hy birth-right, and frequently impossi
 ble, thereby the more endangering the liberty
 vf ’I 1 5'4fi r fd Persons wherever located in the
 r United States, tnererore, oe n
 l Resolved, lhai the time has fully arrived,
 when it becomes imperatively necessary that
 we should enter into some judicious and
 effective measures, for the protection of our
 wives, children, and ourselves.
 Resolved, That we have learned with
 astonishment, surprise, and alarm, of ihe
 f decoy, seizure, and carrying away into
 slavery of a colored man on Thursday, the
 6ih inst., from the livery stable of Benjamin
 F. Hancock, on Fifth street, Pittsburgh, by
 a white man by the name of Ellis, "in the
 employment of Hancock, the name of which
 colored man we have not yet been ab e to
 learn, and from the previous conduct of ihe
 aa:d Htncock, while acting as one of the
 city constables in a base attempt in assisting
 Ezekel Showers, of Martinsburgh, a Virginia
 slaveholder, in kidnapping Violet Strickland
 of this city, we have every reason lo believe
 the said Benjamin F. Hancock, guilty of
 partjcipalioo in the late nefarious transaction.
 Resolved, That we cannot feel ourselves
 safe while such outrages are committed with
 impunity—spreading desolation around our
 hearts and firesides, ravaging she sacred ties
 of relationship; and self protection compels
 us to use every lawful means in our powei
 in ferreting out the particulars of this case,
 and biioging the guilty parties lo justice, if
 p byto be had.
 Resolved, That we have good reasons to
 believe that there are some other persons
 covertly concerned ip the abduction of this
 unfortunate man, prompted only so to do by
 the impulses of their prejudices aud desire to
 enslave the colored people; and duty as well
 as self-respect requires us to find out such
 persons, and furwarn and caution all colored
 persons, and friends of humanity, and lovers
 of liberty generally, i# avoid patronising,
 supporting, or in any way encouraging such
 peisons in business, of whatever frow they
 may be ngaged—as we are determined to
 distinguish between our friends and our
 enemies.
 Resolved, That we recommend to the
 colored people throughout the nonslavehold
 tng States, to coincide with us, by the adop
 tion of similar resolutions, as the time lias
 come, when we must stand by our own
 rights, or fal, still deeper into degradation,
 the mangled victims of ireachery and despo
 titin, aud that we will pe ition Congress
 against all proceedings, in any way infringing 1
 upon our liberties.
those States wjtere the law provides against
 this violence, n is permitted, it done in a
 quiet and peaceable manner, thus shielding
 the claimant from litigation; and it must be
 forcibly apparent, that in a great majority ol
 caaes. it is a difficult matter for any person,
 according to the requirements of law, to
 prove their freedom, the difficulty being
 greater in «!l cases with those free by birth
 right, and frequently impossible, thereby en
 dangering the liberties of each and every
 colored person wherever located in the
 United States. As for illustration: One or
 more persons in the South becoming free by
 emmncipaiion or the putchase of their liberty
 —according to the laws of those States,
 hSVe their titles and privileges immediately
 recorded, which may at any time be referred
 m, by a recourse to Book, Volume, and
 Folio, as security to themselves and off
 springs. therefore, in the event of such
 persons recently, after becoming free, being
 reclaimed according to the Act of Congress,
 made and provided, for the arrest of fugitives,
 not only may the Recorda be obtained in their
 defence, but their former holders, and many
 other persons competent to defend, may still
 be surviving, with full recollection of all
 the concurrent circumstances. So that, in
 •he event of a destruction of the Records
 which may occur by fire or otherwise, they
 have still the living witness in their behalf.
 But not so with those born free in the non
 slaveholding States, and consequently with
 out the necessity of record-pioof of theii
 freedom, also, those from the slaveholding
 States who have for any length of time bteii
 at liberty; because in ihe event of the absence
 of tecord-proof and the demise of those hav
 ing personal knowledge of the transactions,
 any such persons claimed under the Act ot
 1793, would be left to the mercy and discre
 tion of tbe claimant, and theicfore without
 anv recourse or redress wtiatcTcr.
 In view of all these circumstances, alarm
 ing and teinble in their aspect, thereby sub
 jecting our hearths and firesitjps ro dismay
 and desolation, our wives, our children, end
 ourselves to outrages against which all other
 Americans are most sacredly and securely
 protected, and at the thought of which,
 every feeling of humanity recoils, and claim
 ing io be American citizens by birth, educa
 tion, association, and in every relation known
 to Ameiicar.!*, therefore,
 We the colored people of Alleghany
 County, in the Slate of Pennsylvania, do
 most respectfully and solemnly remonstiate
 and Petition, against the provisions of the
 Act of Congress, 1793, relative to the re
 capture of Fugitive Slaves, and against all
 and every Act, Bill, or Provision now in ex
 istence or that may hereafier be introduced
 into eiihet House of Congress of the United
 States, in any way or manner infringing
 upon our liberties as American Citizens.
 Resolved, That our people throughout the
 United States be requested to adopt this or
 similar Memorials, to be as unanimously;
 signed as soon as possible, by male and female, I
 and torwarded immediately to Congress.
A Thought or two about the late Anti-
 Slavery Convention,
 BY 8. M. HOBBS.
 The late Anti-Slavery Convention, held in
 Boston, was one of the most distinguished
 and efficient ever convened in the country
 Whether we look at its measures, its men,
 or its discussions, we come to one and the:
 same conclusion. It signally marked
 by valor, mind, energy, union, putpose,
 heart, soul, life. Its meetings from day t«
 day were a series of active and efficient effort, 1
 directed by plan, principle, Jove, devotion,!
 earnettness. When such are the elements of
 a body ot men, il need not be wondered that'
 its result will mark, histqrize the time.
 The sterling ability—the chivalric fortitude
 —the mental acumen—;he talent at extem
 pore oratory—(tie powers at argumentation—i
 the manly eloquence of the heart as well as
 of the head and tongue, were indeed admi-;
 rable, and we think were never surpassed by
 any assembly of any kind or nature in the,
 country.
 Among those who took an active part in
 Theodore P* r L.» iGarti.i
 BHHHHfenL iimiana
ondly, the Mm of extraordinary ability, en
 ergy and perseverance that are gathered
 around it. In these two elements wo find
 the sequel, the philosophy of the power tint
 has built up, strengthened, and made healrby
 this body; and it is these elements, in their
 steady and irresistible action, that now wield
 a power on the genera! seniimcnt of the
 country, that is feared by one section of the
 Isnd ss much as it is admired by the other.
 We repeat, that these conventions affect it, Q
 public opinion to a measureless extent. This
 ••pinion alters and shifts its position every
 year, to get imo the geniality and reason of
 the advancing light. Men, see, feel, act; and
 every motion wafts them on these same An
 ti-Slavery grounds. They can’t help it.
 Reason. Reason, common sense, humanity,
 duly, religion, our noblest interests and aspi
 rations, hope, God, will be obeyed. If men
 think,and think with their btains, consciences,
 souls, conceptions of right and justice, they
 must come to the right conclusions and tight
 grounds— lo these grounds.
 No one who attended this convention could
 but be impressed with the fact that the An
 ti Slavery party is having s most rapid, en
 ergetic and healthy growth. The crowds
 that filled the capacious Metodeon lor four
 consecutive days and evenings—the eager,
 active, entire, absorbing interest that per
 vaded, filled ihe very reepeciable, high-mind
 ed and intelligent attendants—ihe conaiaiit
 pleasure with which the people sat through
 this long series of hours, when there was so
 much to attract and distract general attention
 —these and other numerous facts, tell a story
 of vigorous growth we will not attempt to
 amplify. It speaks in tones not to be misun
 derstood or evaded, lint the country is not
 only simply thinking, day dreaming, but act
 ing on this stupendous movement of the age.
 Here were men not only from out own sturdy
 full-shod, rock-bound New England, but
 from the far West, the land of the magnifi
 cent liver and lake, ihe horse ot e*ger life,
 of pulsating energy, of modern light,thought,’
 ihe sea; of the chivalrous and daring young
 America; and here, too, were eager hearts
 Irom the Northern cliffs and bold mountains
 and clear airs of neighboring Canada. Even
 voisea from the distant South mingled in the
 gladdening harmony.
 No human strength can stay this Anti-
 Slavery organization. It is founded on jus
 tice and humanity, and its object will enevi
 tably prevail. Its voice and power echo
 clear over the South in thunder tones. Its
 forces gather stronget and stronger every
 day. Men of faith, and heart, and atronath
 are rallying around its sacred standard. The
 stiong, steady, cheering light of the day is
 nearing its meridian. The crisis approaches.
 The cause goes bravely on. Hopes and
 hearts beat high. The good lime is rapidly
 coming. Slavery groans, the bondman
 breaihes. Heaven be praised.
Fiom tiie New York Evangelist.
 Would I be a Slave 1
 Not wi.iingly, hat would be to consent
 I that another should decide whether J may or
 I may not read God's holy word—whether I
 may worship him in his sanctuary—whether
 I may speak to my fellow-sinners of the Sav
 ior’s goodness and love, it wou'd be to sur
 render, what 1 have no tight to surrender to
 man—the rights above mentioned—the right
 to call my wife, my children, my qv n limbs,
 eyes, ears, and longue my ow n It would be
 lo consent tfiat another should have the power
 to take my w ife and children and sell them
 when, and to whom, and fur whatever vile
 and criminal purpose he should choose. It
 would be to consent that I would be made a
 chattel—a mere thing of merchandise or traf
 fic. It would be to surrender myeelf, my
 wife, my children, to the will of a despot,
 and to put body and soul at hismerev. When
 I give such consent, I deny my obligation is
 God. and my accountability.
 Would I submit quietly to forced servitude*
 I think I would, rather Ilian take the life of
 tny oppressor, or offer him any violence. I
 am taught to resist not evd—to return good
 Ibr evil. J (eel quite sure that I would sooner
 consent to be enslaved, than to enslave
 another. Here again I am taught from an
 unerring sourse oj if
