From the N.Y. Tribune.
 The Count and Countess Dembinski.
 We had the pleasure of a visit yesterday
 fiotn the Count Dembinski, neyhew of Gene
 ral Derobidski, of the Hungarian army. After
 many dangers and sufferings, he has reached
 this country, in company with his heroic
 wife, and intends to make his home among
 us, at least until a more auspicious day shall
 dawn for the independence of his unfortunate
 country. He has sdrved as officer of Engi
 neers both in the Austrian and Hungarian
 armies, and his appearance denotes the pos
 session of practical energies which will, we
 believe, insure him success here. The fol
 lowing interesimg account of his adventures,
 after the fall of Hungary, was written on
 board the steamship Washington, by his
 fellow passenger, Mr. G. P. R.
 “The name of the gallant old General
 Dembinski is familiar to all who have taken
 an interest in the struggle of the Hungarians
 lor constitutional independence; but it is not
 so generally known that hia nephew, a young
 and i.oble engineer officer of great promise,
 also drew the sword in the same good cause,
 and was the companion of Kossuth in all his
 struggles and misfortunes. It is this young
 nobleman, Count Dembinski, who, after hav
 ing sacrificed all his prospects in this high
 cause, now seeks a refuge on these shores,
 with bis young Countess, who has shared all
 his dangers and sor.ows. We have only
 space to give a very brief sketch of a history,
 in which every page is a romance of real
 life; but the facts are these, and they are
 vouched for by authority which we cannot
 doubt.
 “Count Dembinski, a young nobleman
 from Polish Galicia, was a Major in the
 Hungarian service, and during the war ol
 Hungarian independence became Aide*de-
 Camp to the Governor, Kossuth. He mar
 ried in the midst of the troublous times which
 we have lately seen in Europe, a young lady
 of Temeswar, in Hungary. She, with noble
 devotion, followed him to the field and re
 mained in the camp for many months. At
 length the vast force brought by Russia to
 the aid of Austria, the suriender of Gorgey,
 and the fatal battle of Temeswar, rendered
 the Hungarian cause hopeless: and Kossuth,
 accompanied by the young Count and Count
 ess, and a few other friends, faithful to him
 to the last, fled to Widden, on the Turkish
 frontier.— Here they remained three months,
 receiving protection from the Turkish au
 thorities, it is true, but suffering dreadfully
 from many privations, as well as from con
 stant rumots of the demands of Austria and
 Russia for their extradition, and from the
 news of the cold-blooded slaughter of many
 of their fiiends and companions left in Hun
 gary.
 “At the end of three months, they were
 removed by the Turkish officers to Shumla,
 an eighteen days journey, in the midst of win
 ter. It is impossible to describe all that the
 young Countess had to endure during this
 march, being often obliged to walk on fool for
 many miles, under rain, suow, and all the
 inclemency of the season; but she was cheered
 by the promise of comfort and protection for
 herself at Shnmla, and of employment and
 independence for her noble husband. All
 these hopes, however, were destined to dis
 appointment. It is well known, that the
 Sultan made most liberal provision for the
 Hungarian exiles; but it is well known also,
 that his officers, with shameless peculation,
 perverted the funds destined for their support,
 from the proper objects; and during their
 three mon’hs’ detention at Shumla, the suf
 ferings of the Count and Countess were
 terrible, both from privation and from the
 inclemency of the weather. At first they
 were placed hi »t«g« hall, pierced in every
 part with unglazed windows; Out me tmenae
 cold soon drove them to take refuge in a
 mere hut of the smallest size, through which
 the rain and snow penetrated at many points.
 Treated more as prisoners of war than as
 guests, their nourishment was exceedingly
 scanty; and the promise of employment in
 the Ottoman army to the Count, was loaded
 with the condition that he should abjure the
 faith of Christ, which he firmly declined.
 The health of the young Countess at length
 gave way undet her suffering; and she was
 prevailed upon to accompany to Constanti
 nople an old German lady, who had previous
 ly made the most noble exertions in behal! of
 the Hungarian exiles. At Constantinople,
 the young lady was most kindly received by
 John P. Brown, Esq. Dragoman, acting as
 Charge d’Affairs at the time for the United
 Stales, who took her to his own house, and
 treated her like his child during three months.
 “In the mean time, the Count, her hus
 band, was still detained at Shumla till after
 Kossuth was forcibly removed to Kentijha.
 Count Dembinski was still anxious to accom
 pany his leader, but he was not permitted;
 and after some further detention, he at once
 received the intelligence that his wife was
 seriously ill at Constantinople, and be received
 passports from the American Legation. The
 Turkish authorities, however, would not,
 suffer him to depart; and he determined to
 effect his escape. Obtaining the disguise of a
 hunter, he made his way, through innumer
 able dangers, to Varnr, where, not daring to
 embark in a steamer, he obtained a passage
 in a Greek vessel, which was eight days in
 reaching Constantinople. By the aid of some
 friends, called forth by his misfortunes and
 high qualities, he was enabled to proceed to
 England in the Poltinger steamer, an&lt;^thence
 embarked in the 6teamer Washington for the
 United Slates.
Sou* of Temperance.
 The Question of Color once more. —That
 the position taken by the National Division,
 in relation to colored members, is one that
 will not be sustnined by the Order in this
 section of the country, is manifest. Had he
 placed upon record no evidences of a deter
 mination to resist that action, we should still
 have abundant reason to know such will be
 the case from the verbal communications
 made to us. They are all of the right spirit
 —they breathe a tone of honest indignation—
 and if the solemn protest which thus is otter
 ed is not regarded, we are prepared to see
 the Order shorn of some of its worthiest mem
 bers.
 We do not wish to protract a discussion
 upon this subject. Our own views have
 been promptly, frankly expressed—and we
 now give room to others, bo far as possible,
 lo express theirs. But we ask serious atten
 tion to what is here published. Our brethren
 may rest assured that this in no excitement
 of the hour, but rhe cool, deliberate thought
 and action of determined men. Read the
 manly letters of Beecher and Burleigh. No
 tice particularly, too, whst the organs of the
 Order in Maine and New Hampshire, as well
 as what Aurora Division, —a leading Division
 of New England,—say on this point. From
 Vermont we have already heaid; and its tone
 is auspicious for the right. We have no
 doubt that if the matter is properly discussed
 snd arranged, Maine, New Hampshire, Ver
 mont, Massachusetts, Western New York
 and Northern Ohio, will present an unbroken
 front in resisting tbs action of the Nations)
 Division. In the language uf an eminent
 statesman, “we shall be glad to see it”
 Ooe word to the Massachusetts Breihren.
 Before another issue of our paper the quar
 terly session of the Grand Division will have
 taken plhce. This question, the most mo
 mentous to the welfare of the Order that has
 arisen since its institution, will have to be
 met. We have no doubt as to the result.
 But let there b« a full attendance Every
 delegate should be in his seat that the action
 of Old Massachusetts shall go abroad “like
 the voice of many waters.” Allow us to
 suggest to divisions to share in the expense
 to whieb the representatives may be put by
 their presence. We want to witness the
 largest assemblage the Grand Division ot
 this State has ever known, that the subject
 nssy be definitely, yet, we trust, unanimously
 and enthusiaatically settled. Shall net the
 crisis now hanging over the Order receive
 Iftia attention I—NVw 1 —NVw Engender.
Death of the Pieiideit of the Ueiteii
 States.
 The startling intelligence is announced by
 the telegraph, that President Taylor expired
 at Washington on Tuesday night last, at
 thirty-fire minutes past 10 o’clock, after a
 very short illness of diarrhoea, ending in con
 gestion of the brain. The Vice-President
 and Cabinet, the Mayor, and Marshal of the
 District, the attending physicians, and his
 family, surrounded his bed. Consciousness
 returned before his death, and he recognized
 the members of his family.' His last words
 were—‘l am not afraid to die. I bare done
 my duty. My only regret is, leaving those
 who are dear to me.’ Whether he died an
 unrepented slaveholder remains to be seen.
 We have no room for further particulars.
 His death at this peculiar crisis in the flairs
 of the nation will create a profound sensation.
 The Vice-President, Millard Filmore, Me!
 course his successor. We fear that he is not
 the man for the present emergency.—Lib
 erator.
 The telegraph yesterday morning, announc
 ed the expected intelligence, from WashA
 ton, “Gen Taylor died last night at eleven
 o’clock.” Though we cheeifully submit to
 divine arrangements, we cannot help feeling.l
 that in the present crisis of affairs, his death
 is a public calamity. We doubt not this will
 be the general feeling of those who would
 have a stern uncompromising man at the head
 of affairs. The government tails on Millard
 Filmore, precisely an opposite character.
 He is a miserable time serving demagogue.
 The South and the country know him to be
 so, and they will run right over him. If there
 is to be tiouble between Texas and New
 Mexico, Filmore will throw the Government
 on the wrong side of the contest, we fear.
 We fear God has suffered this event, that
 we may be given up to lawless power.
 Every thing seems to indicate that our South
 ern country, and islands, from the Eastern to
 the Weaslern waters, are destined to be rock
 ed by revolution and smoke with blood. Our
 cruelties to the red man, and the black man,
 as well as the poor whites, are eliciting upon
 our land the fiercest anger of God.— Liberty
 Party Paper. y
 At half past one o’clock on Wednesday
 morning, the following despatch was received
 from Washington.
 Washington, Tuesday {Night.
 The President died at thirty-five minutes
 past ten o’clock this evening. His death was
 calm and peaceful. The Vice-President and
 Cabinet, the Mayor and Marshal of the Dis
 trict, the attending physicians, and his family
 surrounded the bed. His last words were—
 am prepared. 1 have endeavored to do
 my duty."
 This announcement will be received all
 over the country with regret by men of all
 parties. His death at this criiical moment
 will have great effect upon public affairs.
 What that effect may be, time alpne can dis
 close. Every thing is in doubt and uncer
 tainly.—Eman. Repub.
 How to get an Enemy.—Lend a man a
 small sum of money for a day. Call upon
 him in a week for it. Wait two months. In
 three months insist upon his paying you. He
 will get angry—denounce, and ever speak of
 you in abusive terms. We have seen thisex
 peiiment tried repeatedly, and never knew it
 to fail.

 Daniel Webster.—Willis once said of
 Daniel Webster’s style, that “every sentence!
 weighed a pound.” Heie is a specimen of
 the way in which the great expounder pounds
 the Abolittonwts. Daniel’s dandruff is evi
 dently up—ti is. To our Southern readers
 the blows he strikes will seem like Cyclopean
 ones, each sentence averaging considerably
 over a pound—say, a fifty-six or so; while
 the intended victims will laugh them to scorn,
 as ponderous only with the dead weight ol
 dulness:
 “New England, it is well known, is the
 chosen seat of the abolition presses and the
 abolition societies. Here* it is, principally,
 that the former cheer ihe morning, by full
 columns of lamentations over the fate of hu
 man beings, free by naiure, and by a law
 above the constitution; but sent back, never
 theless, chained and manacled, to slavery
 and to stripes. And the latter refresh them
 selves from daily toil, by orgies of the night,
 devoted to the same outpourings of philan
 thropy, mingling, all the while, their anathe
 mas at what they call “man catching,” with
 the most horrid and profane abjurations ol
 the Christian Sabbath, and indeed of the
 whole Divine Revelation. Ti.ey sanctity
 their philanthropy byirreligion and profanity;
 they manifest their charity by contempt of
 God and His commandments.”
 A Bill of Sale from the Almighty.—
 Although many of our readers may have
 I heard of the case indicated by the above cap
 tion, yet as it is the only one, to our know
 j ledge, in which a final decision was ever made
 on the subject by the Supreme Court of Ver
 mout, it may not be amiss at this crisis to
 i tepeat it.
 During the continuance of the old Tyler
 Court, so called, in this State, consisting uf
 I Judges Tyler, Fay and Harrington, a runa
 way slave was brought before them at Mid
 dlebury, when, after a hearing and brief con
 sultation, Tyler and Fay put it on their asso
 ciate, the blunt and fearless Harrringtoo, to
 give off the decision in his own way.
 f* W bat do you say you mainly ground your
 alleged right to this black man upon?” .said
 Harrington, turning abruptly to the claimant
 standing before the bar.
 “Upon this Bill of Sale, your Honor, legal
 ly executed from the former to the present
 owner,” replied the claimant.
 “We know nothing about that,” said Har
 rington, promptly, “we know nothing about
 that here in Vermont. Bring in a Bill of
 Sale from the Almighty, and you shall have
 the Negro; else he is free as the rest of us.”
 Green Mountain Freeman.
Anti-Slavery in Old Times.—h is well
 known that Dr. Hopkins, the author of Hop
 kinsianism, was in advance of his age in op
 position to slavery—that the manifested great
 zeal and courage in preaching against it while
 (he Christian world was asleep on the sub
 ject.—An incident is related in the memoir
 of Dr. Bellamy, attached to the new edition
 of Bellamy’s works, which is interesting
 and illustrative of the feeling of the most con
 tented slaves on the subject of freedom.
 Dr. Hopkins called one day at the houst of
 Dr. Bellamy, and while there, pressed on
 the latter the duty of liberating his only
 slave. Dr. Bellamy defended the custom of
 slaveholding by the usual arguments; but Dr.
 Hopkins having refuted them one after ano
 ther, called on his friend at once in this case,
 to act on the principle of doing to others as
 he would have them do tq him.-—ln reply,
 Dr. Bellamy said, the slave was faithful and
 judicious, that he was trusted with everything,
 and in these circumstance was so happy To
 his servitude, that he would not accept of hie
 freedom if it weie offered.—“ Will you
 liberate him if he desire it?” said Dr. •H.
 “Yes,” said Dr. 8.. “I will.” “Call him,”
 said Dr. H., and at be entered he aaked him,
 “Have you a kind master?’* “0 yea,” was
 the reply, “very,—-very good.” “And are
 you happy in your present condition?” “Yes,
 master, very happy.” “But would you be
 more happy if you were fteel” His eye
 brightened with emotion and pleasure, as be
 promptly replied, “0 yes, master, I would
 be much more happy/’ “You bare ycur de
 sire,” said Dr. Bellamy, “irom tbit moment
 you are free.”— Purtim Records,
ID* Rev. Henry Ward Beecher has not
 preached for the last three Sundays, in his
 Cburcb, in oonsequeoce of ilioeaa. He ia at
 present in a fair way of re%ery, and will
 probably soon icturn from Hartford, Conn.,
 where he is at preeent sojourning for the
 benefit of hit health.
Important from Mew Mexico—A State
 Government Formed.
 The intelligence from New Mexico it
 cheering. The people have acted with
 promptness* and decision. Seeing the delays
 m Congress, and fearing the aggressive action
 of Texas, the people of New Mexioo have
 chosen a State Convention, and formed, after
 a sitting of nine days, a State Constitution,
 fixing the boundaries, and PROHIBITING
 THE EXISTENCE OF HUMAN SLA
 VERY.
 This Constitution was adopted on the 35th
 of May. In fifteen daya after, an election
 was to take place for a member of Congress,
 and for Governor and members of the Legis
 lature. Mr. H. Vrain, Judge Otterson, and
 Henry Conolly, are prominent candidates for
 Governor; and Capt. A. W, Reynolds and
 Major R. H. Whitman, for Senators. It ia
 supposed that the Hon. Hugh N. Smith,
 the present delegate to Congress, would be
 elected to the House of Representatives.
 This is glorious intelligence. It will
 change affairs. The compromise will doubt
 less now be defeated. A State Government
 ia formed; and whether she ia admitted into
 the Union or not, New Mexico ia an indepen
 dent State, ready to govern and protect the
 people. Slavety ia prohibited in this State;
 so it is highly probable now that the territory
 wrung from Mexico to strengthen slavery,
 will add to the power and strength of the free
 States. Texas will threaten—the Southern
 politician will bluster. Let the President
 see to it that the boundaries of New Mexico
 are defended againstlhe aggressions of Texas,
 and all will be safe. The -people of New
 Mexico have “re-enacted the will of God—
 re-affirmed the law of Nature.”— Email.
 Repub.
A Voice ox Warning.—Mr. Bingham, a
 democratic representative of Michigan, in the
 House of Representatives, made a speech-in
 Congress on the 4th ult., in which, alluding
 to the defeat of the Democratic party in
 1848, he said:
 “Mr. Chairman, others may speculate as
 to the causes of that defeat. I have no hesi
 tation in ascribing it to that fatal Nicholson
 letter, the doctrines of which ftere received
 by the people with such perfect loathing, the
 loss of the north, while the slaveholders of
 the south preferred to vote for the owner of a
 sugar plantation, with three hundied negroes.
 This was a mortifying defeat, but it may well
 be borne, if it inculcates this useful lesson
 that in this noon of the nineteenth century,
 when the down- trodden nations of Europe are
 bursting the fetters of tyranny which bound
 them to the earth for ages—when every
 breeze which crosses the Atlantic, waftß
 with it the cry of Liberty and the inalienable
 rights of man, from the uprising masses—the
 Northern statesman, to be successful, must
 prove true to the interests of free labor,
 which he represents, instead of being an
 aceesssary, to the cupidity of the southern
 slaveholder, who would doom his fellow man
 to perpetual pondage.”— Eman. Repub.
The Divine and Republican Institu
 tion. —A friend hands us the following slip
 fiom a Southein paper:
 Negroes Negroes! !—One Hundred Vir
 ginia Negroes will be in our mart about the
 25th February next. Our partner, Thomas
 Dickens, started from Richmond on the Ist
 inst. We say to our friends and customers,
 if they will have patience and not buy until the
 drove arrives, they shall have the best ne
 groes, to work their next crop of cotton, that
 have ever been purchased in this market.
 Among the lot there is a few choice house
 servents and cooks for the city trade. Our
 motto is, quick sales and short profits.
 VVe also will pay the highest market price
 for Negroes brought to our mart for sale.
 Persons visiting our city with Negroes will
 do well to see us before selling.
 Bolton, Dickens Co.
 Memphis, Jan 10, 1850-3 m:
 This gives a faint glimpse of some of the
 features of that inter-state slave trade which
 has been protected for seventy years by our
 Government, which the slaveites, with Web
 ster, Cass and Clay at theii head, are now
 striving to peipeluate by tljeir“Compromise,”
 and which the (Hicksite) Society of Friends
 leave unrebuked, while they memoralize
 the Government against the African slave
 trade, because they “cannot act In the unity”
 against it.— Penn. Freeman.
A Belligerent Preacher.—Mr. Colquitt
 of Georgia, who comprisese the profession
 of person and politicia n—pr aching one da
 and stump-speaking the next—thus let him
 self out at the Nashville Convention.. He
 said:
 “He would advise every Southern Stale
 to be moulding bullets, casting cannon, and
 filling their aisenals, if need be, in order to
 defend their rights. Wat he a disunionist?
 The Union, he would say, could not be des
 troyed; but he was not for tame submission.
 The Union was dear alike to all—North and
 Soulh—and if the people of the North loved
 the Union, as he did, it would be preserved.
 But every man, woman, and child, south of
 the Potomac, were willing to die for their
 rights. It seemed all to resolve itself into
 this, at last; if he just knew how to ask for a
 settlement of this controversy, and he could
 get what he so desired, the Almighty knew
 he would ask for just that much and no more.”
 As a true disciple of the church millitant,
 we do not know for which Mr. Colquitt de
 serves most credit —his piety or his ferocity.
 Doubtless he feels better, after having evi
 denced the strength of his feelings. —Saturday
 Visiter.
They Feel the Blow. When Gov.
 Seward announcd the other day in the
 Senate h» deteimination never again to vote
 for the admission of a Slave Stale to the
 Union, Hangman Foote jumped to his feet,
 and in his desperation caught up and read,
 as the most applicable thing he could think
 of, an eitract fiom that naughty newspaper,
 ‘Garrison’s Liberator,’' to the effect that
 funacious negioea flagrante bello with their
 masters, are justifiable in snapping up any
 four-legged animals, or other trifling con
 veniences, to aid them in their escape; in
 other words, that it is no breach of morals
 for men, under suoh circumstances, to take
 out letters of marque and reprisal on their
 own hook, after the example of God’s chosen
 people, when taking leave of their oppressors
 in Egypt. This Mr. Footethought ttys the beat
 illustration of the “high law’ of jbe Honor
 able Senator from New York that h e had
 ever speq, and he seemed decidedly to disap
 prove of it.
 Gov. Seward did not seem at all frighten
 ed at being placed in company with Gar -ison
 and the Abolitionists as the advocate ol a
 ‘higher law’, than the Constitution,bet ueated
 the fiery M'ssisaippian with-silent contempt.
 —4. S. Bugle.
The Winters.—Prof. Webster has con
 fessed, now we wait for Danioi Webster's
 confession. If the former was cruel-and
 mean, the latter is infinitely more cruel and
 mean. Jf the former deserves to be hung,
 we know not what punishment is suitibleto
 the latter. Daniel Webster has attempted to
 teach his countrymen to laugh at the idea
 that ‘'there ia a power above the Coaatita
 tion”—and that they may compel men to
 hunt and catch and hold slaves for the South
 ern masters. Let him confess —how dare tyt
 live and not con Teas!
Beauty or Slavery.—The following we
 cut from the Charleston Courier, published in
 May:—
 The Slate vs. John McNee—mdtng a
 Slave to run away. —The prisoner was an
 Irishman, and the proof teemed to indicate
 that he was rather the instrument than the .in
 stigator of the elave, who was named John,
 and was the property of Mr. John Nash. Th*
 Jury bad recommended the defendant to mer
 cy/ Sentenced to be hung, on Fnday th«
 13th of September nexf.
Frot Am MmmrhmmU» Bpy.
 Dissolving the Union.
 We recollect an account of circumstance
 which occurred ir a neighboring town, mwj
 years, since, which is so apposite to the state
 of political matters at the present day, that
 we cannot forbear the temptation to repeat it.
 A worthy citixen happened to have for hi*
 partner a lady of very exacting disposition,
 and withal not of the most mild and agreeable
 temper. Whenever she had a desiie to be
 gratified and fai led to obtain her husbands *a
 assent to it by any other means, she b*d an
 unfailing resource in threatening to commit
 suicide. The poor man got along with this,
 as well as he could, for a long time, till lie
 found his ability to comply with all that was
 required would soon be exhausted, when he
 formed the desperate resolution, to leave
 madam to her own course and see the result.
 The opportunity soon ooccurred, the
 usual threat was made. He very quietly
 offered her any assistance she might need in
 the accomplishment of her purpose. She
 seized a knife and ded te an adjoining room,
 where she had pieviously placed a dish ol
 water for the occasion, and fastened the dooi
 aftei her. Soon, a sound was heard S 6 of a
 liquid falling upon the floor in a moderate
 stream, then the falling of a person upon the
 floor, succeeded by groans and kicking, at
 first violent, but gradually subsiding, 'till all
 was still. The husband thee called wldcci
 son, John, and seat him to inform the neigh
 boring women of what had happened and tc
 aak their assistance on the melancholy occa
 sion; and also to call on the nndertaker and
 bespeak a coffin for his mother.
 At this juncture, just at John was aboui
 starting, the door, flew open, and madam
 came forth in a towering passion, she de
 nounced her husband and the whole family,
 as unfeeling brutes, who would stand by, and
 could see a fellow-being shuffle off this morta
 soil, without lifting a finger to prevent it
 She gave full vent to her rage, till it exhaust
 ed itself, and she became calm. Her bus
 band then gave her some salutary advice
 appropriate to the occasion, and the result
 was, a perfect cure. The threat was nevei
 afterwards repeated, and |&gt;eace and harmonj
 were restored to the family.
 When our politicians, instead of spending
 their breath in needless eulogies on the bene
 fits of the Union and thus inviting thesi
 threats from the South, shall content them
 selves with simply doing light, dispensing
 justice with an equal hand to both north anc
 south, and leaving each to its own course—
 to disunion if they choose, it will soon bring
 things to a crisis. It will then prove tha
 those who enjoy the chief benefits of thi
 union, those to whom it is a matter of almos
 life and death, will come to see it in its propel
 light, and will never commit the suicidal act
 which, for effect they have so otten threat
 ened.
The Latest from Hayti.—The schr.
 Oella.Capt Claggelt, has arrived, with dates
 from Port au Prince to the 31st ult. His
 Imperial Highness. Fauslin I. still delights
 in show and parade. He every morning
 rides around the city, attended by the Gov
 ernor, some of his principle officers, and a
 body of guard dragoons, and the citizens re
 ceive his black majesty with uncovered heads
 as he passes. He has forced (with but few
 exceptions) all the young men of the place
 to become soldiers; and it is reported that he
 shortly intends to attack the Spanish portion
 ot the Island. Fauslin has purchased two
 more large brigs, which he intends to con
 vert into vessels of war, viz, the Danish brig
 Otto and a Swedish brig. The business of
 the Island appears to be improving. There
 was a great deal 9! logwood in the market,
 and coffee had begun to come into Port au
 Prince in large quantities.
Cholera Here Again.—lt is not to be
 disguised or disputed that there have been
 several cases of cholera in our city which
 terminated fatally within the last two days.
 Considerable alarm was observable yesterday
 in some parts of the city. List year on the
 24th of June, there were nearly fifty deaths
 per day of cholera here. Yesterday there
 were a lew—very few in comparison. Prob
 ably there will be but a few cases during the
 year. [Cin. Corn. Monday.
 The Nashville (Tenn.) Banner of Friday,
 the 23d inst says: We regret that our duty
 to the community as a public journalist, com
 pels us to announce the reappearance of the
 cholera in our city. Five cases have occur
 red of a fatal character.
Resignation or Hon. John P. Hale
 The Albany Journal says that the lesignation
 of Mr. Hale is determined on. He will not,
 however, leave the Senate while vital ques
 tions concerning Freedom require his voice
 and his votes. Simultaneously with his re
 tirement from the U. S. Senate, he will be
 come a Member of the Bar, and S resident of
 the State of New York. Few men are to be
 found who could occupy with credit the pe
 culiar position of Mr. Hale. During his
 careei as U. S. Senator, whilst standing
 almost alone as the representative of a distinc
 tive shade of Northern opinion, he has con
 ducted with so much dignity and propriety,
 and repelled the assaults of the violent de
 clarers of the South, with which unfailing
 good humor as to command the respect of
 all parties.
Present to the Pope.—The clergy of
 France have sent a magnificent incense burn
 er to the Pope, as a piesent, in remembrance
 of Liis return to Rome. The Liverpool Times
 says of it:
 “It is one of the finest pieces of workman
 ship ever displayed as a result of tbe taste of
 this century. It is of solid gold, adorned
 with carbuncles of extraordinary size, said to
 be the gift of a great lady of the Faubourg
 St. Germain, whose wedding parure they
 once adoi ned. Tbe chasing of the vessel is
 most exquisite, representing the incidents of
 the life of St. Peter, while the lid is surmount
 ed with theGalic cock with expanded wings,
 composed of the moat brilliant and costly
 gems of every oolor.”
Human Nature. —How shall we test it.—
 Whoever wrote the following, had read one
 page in the book'of the human heiyt, fo some
 purpose:—
 “Theieis, after all, something in those
 triilps that friends bestow upon each other,
 whiph is sn unfailing indication of the place
 the giver holds in the affections. I would
 believe that one who preserved a lock of hair,
 a simple flower, or any trifle of my beatowinfl,
 loved me, though no show was made of it;
 while all the protestation in tbe world would
 not win toy confidence in tbe sincerity of one
 who set no value on such little things. Trifles
 they may be, but it ia by such that character
 and disposition fie often wt revealed.”
Length or Day in the North. So
 bright have the nights been of late, that any
 evening during the last fortnight small news
 paper print could be read in the open air
 here, at a quarter past eleven o'clock, Lset
 Wednesday night we were out testing, as
 an experiment, the possibility of leading
 thus at midnight, and as tbe town clock of
 Wick struck twelve, we saw to read a news
 paper distinctly by the unaaawfod “light of
 day.” Oar geographical position is betwixt
 the &amp;6th and 59th degrees of north latitude.
 —John Q’Groat Journal,
 ID* A writer in tbe Peninsular Freeman
 nominates Gen. Lopez far President, and
 given tbe following excellent reasons why
 tbe should be sustained:
 1. He is a new man—therefore, will be
 available;
 12. He knows nothing about the Constitu
 tion—therefore, will be impartial;
 3. He is a general—therefore, will de
 fend the Constitution;
 4. He is ip fayor of Cub*—therefore, will
 duty Southern aupport,
How Printers are Cm ated.— The New
 Hunt hire State Patriot says that it has 4800
 subscribers, and thinks that it has the best
 paying list of any political paper in this
 country, yet 700 owe for 3 years, 400 for 5
 years, and 1000 for one year, making the
 aggregate due the office 16,000 their paper,
 time and labor. This is the fashion with
 w hich printers are cheated.—The National
 Intelligencer is said to have over $400,000
 doe that ooneern from its subscribers. It
 shows how many fortunes are fleeced out of
 the profession.
 Free Produce Meeting in London. —A
 valuable correspondent informs us a meeting
 of women was held in one of the Isrge com
 mittee rooms in Devonshire House, London,
 during the Iste Yearly Meeting in that city,
 to promote the use of free labor products.. A
 small central committee wag appointed, and
 about fifty Frienda from the country gate in
 their names ss correspondents. We trust
 the work thus commenced will find faithful
 laborers to promote its consummation.— Non-
 Slaveholder.
Blowing up. The South will sustain
 the Missouri Compromise Line. Anything
 short of that will, in our opinion, blow up
 the Confederacy.” —Charleston Mercury.
 The Missouri Compromise Lino has been
 voted down by overwhelming majorities in
 both Houses; it never will pass Congress.
 Where tM the premonitory symptoms of a
 blow up l The Confederacy will outlive the
 prophets who foretell its overthrow.—Nation
 al Era.
IO” A spurious American Eagle has been
 put in circulation. The Philadelphia North
 American says that it is of the same circum
 ference, of but little greatet thickness than
 the genuine, and deficient in weight one dwt.
 It is made of silver, covered with a coating
 of puie gold of uniform thicknels, and is well
 calculated to deceive the most experienced.—
 Pathfinder.
Changes in the Cabinet. A telegraph
 dispatch from a correspondent ofThe Tribune
 at Washington, informs us that it is here
 generally rumored that President Filmors
 will form a Cabinet composed throughout of
 men in favor of the Compromise bill now be
 fore the Senate. Daniel Webster of Mas
 sachusetts is named Secretary of State, and
 William C. Dawson of Georgia as Secre
 tary of War. We give the rumor simply for
 what it may be wortn. N. Y. Tribune.
Slaveholders Organizing. —The Slave
 holders of Queen Anne’s County—one of the
 small counties on the eastern shore—held, a
 meeting at thecQunty-town a few days since,
 and organized a society for the protection of
 slave propeily. The principal object of the
 meeting was to devise measures to prevent
 the absconding of slaves, and insure the re
 capture of those who may give “leg bail.”
From Liberia. —New York July 9.—A
 letter from President Roberts, dated Liberia,
 May 17, contains the intelligence that he has
 succeeded in purchasing the noted slave faclo
 ty at Gallinas for $9,000. This is the last
 point at which the slave trade has been carried
 on for about 1200 miles along the coast.
 An enormous number of slaves have been
 shipped from Galinas.
Slavery in the Churches. —Strange
 that it is so, yet the evidence is painfully
 manifest, that the power and influence of
 Slavery in the organized Churches of the
 whole land, increase, rather than diminish,
 with light and opposition. Their influences
 are pari passu in Church and State. If they
 prevail over one, they prevail over the other
 also. Christianity and politics go hand in
 hand.
Manumitted Slaves. —Oo Wednesday
 morning, June 26th, a drove of some fifty
 three negroes passed through this place, on
 their way to the noithern part of the state.
 They were, we understand, manumitted slaves
 from North Carolina, and looked hard enough
 in all conscience.
Receipts
 For the North Star, from the 11M of Jvlyto
 18 th of July.
 Miss B. L. Mallby 9 1.00
 Martin Roberts 3,00
 John Ditlow 2,00
 Fhebe Coffin 2,00
 Mrs. C.H. Smith 1.00
 A. Woodward 2,00
 H. Edson 2,00
 J.J, Smith .50
 Daniel S. Whitney 2,00
 R. Cunningham LOO
 C. Williams 2,00
 G. M. Cooper LOO
 Silas Anthony 2,00
 The following highly complimentary notice of
 Wislar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry, appeared in the
 I. Magazine and Album, Boston, Mass., Nov.
 1848.
 “We have but little faith in most of thepdvertised
 medicines; but having been, during the last six
 weeks, severely afflicted with a cold and cough,
 which nearly disabled us from atl ending to our busi
 ness, we were induced to try the Balsam of Wild
 Cherry, and are happy to say, that wo have been
 benefited by its use; and ia our humble opinion it is
 one of the best preparations for colds, coughs, and
 diseases of the lungs now in use.
 BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS AMD IMITATIONS.
 The unparalelled and astonishing of DR.
 WISTAR s BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY, in all
 diseases for which it is recommended, curing •anj
 cases after tlie skill of the best physicians hi* prov
 ed unavailing, has effected a large %hd increasing
 demand for it. This fact has caused many un
 principled counterfeiters and imitators to palm ofl
 spurious mixtures, of similar name and appearance,
 for the genuine Balsam, misspelling the name, and
 forging certificates to resemble those of the true
 Bantam. ‘Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry ii
 the only genuine. The rest merely imitate the name
 of the original! white they possess none of its virtues.
 Remember, the original and only genuine wis
 tar’s balsam Qf wild cherry, always heart
 the name of BUTTS, on the outside wrapper.
 re careful what you buy.
 All imitations and counterfeits, being put up bj
 persons ignorant of the diseases of the human sys
 tem, and the effect, of medicines, are entirely un
 safe and dangerous.
 The genuine and original article, which has beei
 proved so long was originally put up by William i
 Co., Philadelphia, ami ia now prepared and sok
 wholesale and retail, by Seth W. Fowls, Boston
 Mats., and h now for sate by his Agents.
 for sale by Post k Willis; also by Wm
 Pti RIB.
ONLY TWENTY DAYS I
 Before the following order, Messrs. Vaughan
 Co., purchased a large supply prepara
 tions.
 Jackson, Michigan, February 24, 1849.
 S. K Hibbard—Dear Sir; I am out of Sloan’s
 Condition Powders and Horse Ointment. The sale
 far exceed* my expectation. If you can manage to
 send me four dozen of the Powders, and two dozen
 of Ointment, I will pay for them the first time you
 are here, and presume 1 shall be able to sell a large
 quantity in the course of a year. It will be an ab
 ject to you, a* well as to iqy self, to keep me con
 stantly supplied.
 top See Agent*’ names at the heed of Sloen’s
 Column. For further particulars and testimonials
 ret Pamphlets from Agents.
J*k rrtsUag PrUtlig I!
 CORNER OF BUBTALO and exchange STS.,
 OVER I. beldeh’s hardware storr.
 SMITH k' CLOUGH,
 Having recently made Additions to their extensive
 Job printing Office, are prepared to execute all or
 ders with neataeas and despatch, and on as liberal
 terms as any establishment in Western New York
 —steam or no steam. With a new aad improved
 card press from the works of Hoc 4k Co and all
 the late styles pf type, we fie tier ourselves I that ow
 wjrk of this kind cannot be “Try U*.’’
 Way Bills, Sh*PP««* "jpK
 Handbills, Iny.mten Card*,
 Pamphlets, JtC.,
 Doqa in style, a4*«rt&gt;*i«e,
 pJiHITH. L w *-_CLOUOK,
Old Ladies Take Notice!
 I HAVE now on hand and an constantly manu
 facturing, FROM T BANDS, to cover up the
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of the
 bead and temples—and I will veil a neater, cheap
 er, and better article then can be bought im the
 State.
 Call and sec for yourselves.
 Also. Curls, Wigs,
 J. ROBINSON, »9 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 QChCashVid for Human Hair. ju 6— 9*
JOBEPH C. BUSTILL, General Agent, Book-
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Writer, would most respectfully inform his
 friends and the public in general, that he has for
 tlwir accommodation, opened hie office for all
 kinda of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 ing accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 Deeds, Wills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing of
 Bonds, anicles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports,communications, Ac. Etc., at N 0.169,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa.
 where by his strict attention to business he hope*
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 A.a. to 9 p.m.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. *f
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 Tta Mysterious Noises
 TN ROCHESTER uwA Western New York—A
 1 History of these remarkable -rounds and of mil
 ibe Strange Plwnonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communication* kc. kc., price, Mingle,
 12icts—10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from $l5 to $25 requiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 margft —4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organise Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms foe Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G. S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDERS
 A WEEKLY TAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Reform and Jn
 telligonce gmorally.
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stones,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 00- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Nmth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
From tin New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure. —In another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Ch*«lm
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country ot
 Or. W. as a political refugee, from DresdeD, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. Hi*
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Care Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.— Dr. MUN
 DE respectiully informs his friends and the
 Eiblic, that he has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 aggies’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensor.ville,
 2k mile* from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about E from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, aqsabundantly sup
 plied with fi»e purest, softest ana coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purpose*, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now liVing disciple
 of Priessnitx at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, hi* writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 Europeau hydropatb, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectation* from the
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks,
 stlting off at astonishing low prices
 WE respectfully inform our
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, Wo have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, fee., uf the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, kc.
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and V issues at
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and wifi be sold off at astonishingly low r ri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 56 Main st., Rochester, aad
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The 014 Cirffislty Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends ami the public generally, that he ha* recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented hi* stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’-. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart*
 meat he will buy and sell Hons* and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy arasle* Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, sad indeed all those
 various v odds aad ends” of which may not be
 Readily obtained at other lt W hi* intention
 to, keep The Old Curo.ity Shop wellfiurmshed
 with an endless variety of artiete* for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at fetUtetmir
 Ctahing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Denial Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 »ud surround'ug country, that 1 have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’* Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful lor past favors ia the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their P**
 nonage. I would hsvita aH those who d«-
 siroa* offering operations performed ea
 offering teeth inserted to call on emend saimfy
 A.^CLULK.^
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
 $9- All the medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 we sold by Post A Willis, Winslow A Young, Ro
 chester; S. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. k A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsford; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 most druggist? throughout lbs United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 Q LOAN’S OINTMENT is sow universally ac
 •J knowiedged to be an infolliible remedy, in every
 case where n has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the iafiaunn.«o„ from a wound, re-
 Iteving pain every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world dees not produce its equal, imJ
 be pubbe pronounce it the ebeapest and test fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All
 the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcere, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, back, and the
 °*her parts of the system, Boils, Ulcere, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 seres containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this grant remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40JLake si., Chicago, ID.
DOCTORING IN GALINA.
 Ma. Sloan:— Dear Sir. About three years age
 I was severely injured in one uf my legs by the
 Ruling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vnin, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired o&lt; ever being well again re* in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, 1
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o' my surprise and
 gratitude bettei than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
 These facts I make known that otters afflicted
 many believe and. not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours*has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galeua, lU., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan*” J Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in bis feet from the time Ire first Began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin foil of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he teen free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks, all
 from one application of vour Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as un experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy utate, and are
 now the same as though they never had teen other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Shebotgait, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Bear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to he a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 ooutd not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The othe* three I labored at till tbe
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box td Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 lIORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 j—■
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for vejur un paral
 leled Ointment. Three weelts ago my daugh
 ter's clothes caught fire, and before liie flames cr.uld
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, anil used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 atl and more than it is recommended to lie. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 1 feel (indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 28th, 1849. f
For Punty, MUdnrst, Saftty, Certainty J
 9 and Thorougkneat SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT Excel*,
 And is rapidly superseding all oilier Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fr-sh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 Haa proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bonnd, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 alto a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which fe (d ,£*“B U)ANi
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Otur neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastify tlieir approbation in ho
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with coufi
 cence. Cures,almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, l&gt;y the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test for your
 self their efficacy.— lU. Organ, May 6th, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Extract from the Wavketha Democrat,' H'is.
 May 9,1849
 “Sloan’s Medicines.”— A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say»
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes u* to
 recommend it to those who have the use and
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly*
 spoken of generally, and from the fovorahie ac
 quaintance we have with that gentJeman. we are ted
 to believe that they are pi spared with a view to
 give a real beuefitto whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 5 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 n. w. B. Sloan —Dear Sir— Last month M
 A B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had k
 base badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied year
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at die
 prompt relief afforded, la less than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, aad in twenty four hours h
 bad nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, but was actually put to
 hard labor without any injurious result
 Yours, respesHbhV
 l. s. Bartlett
 1 Chicago,,(lll.,) June 9, 19W 4
