YOfc I. NO. 11.
Tk# vniiTii *T%il mn
 rnd«T, mi No. »»liortUM Mrwt,
 Op? ‘f'ti tkt Anode.)
 TERMS.
 TtndAllinpn’ annum. «Aai*» m oiwm-e. K&lt;
 #uhaeripti»n wilt be received l&lt;* W« trim ttai
 •i* saonths. _
 A Ivertisement* not mete hog tan lines n&lt;me
 three t»m*s (&lt;r one dollar; trrry sul (sequent insw
 Ikmi, twenty-five cents.
 Thi ufcj*-* of the .North 8 ran will be t» attacl
 Siirmr m «li its firms awl Aspect*; alvocati
 U*irc«t»t Emakciratio*; exalt the start lan
 pf Pc BMC MoRAtITT; pr—sum. the m iral and in
 tt'lectoal improvsment of the CoiotiD PEOPL*;
 and hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Th***
 Millions of our Ehium# Fellow Cock
 tetris. _____
 PUBLISHER'S .NOTICES.
 fw&gt; o»na* f 10 b* n n
 the paper, name* ofsultsniber., remit,
 hew-k- 1 be »Jd«ssod t* William C.
 Nf t. publisher.
 Of.\r. n u, an I all other* sending names, are
 ’Zttt i’u be accurate, an i give the P Ofi-r,
 the Cmity, an I the Stitt. Each Subscriber is im
 me hatch ere iited f-r in .nev received.
 try. K ly person sending in the payment for four
 subscribers, to be fbrwarJod to one address, may
 ha»e a fifth copy for one year.
 try All Utters and communications must be post
 paid.
 list of agents.
 MAHAcni'tt tts. —R. F. Walcutt, 21, Comhill,
 CL.aton; Nstlwn J&lt;dinson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Foster,' L.well; J i "C' N. BuTum, Lynn; George
 Evans,* Worcester Bonnie Spooner, Plymouth;
 ChvUs H. Stth, Springfield David Rugbies,
 Northampton.
 JLttSE. —Oliver D?nnett, Portland.
 VmsoiiT.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 ri*CcTsvrcriCL T. —Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 Nnv fftUTSHiRF.. —Wcire Tappan, Bra Iford.
 N’rur York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; Ja n*s M:Cu le S nitli, 93, West Broa Iway;
 Joseph Post, Westbtiry, Queen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Doty, Macc lon.
 Rhouf Islajiu.—Amaranev Paine, Providence,
 pi skstltakia. —J. M. M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Phila lelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; 11. Vashon, B. Bowl, Pittsliurg;
 William Whipper, Gdumbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Pa*»o, Norristown, M mtgomeiy County.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, HarTeysburgh,
 Warren County; S.imuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Subscribers who do not give express notice to
 the contrary, are considered as wishing to continue
 tbrir subscriptions.
 2. If subscribers order the discontinuance of tlieir
 papers, the publishers may continue to send until all
 arrearages are paid.
 3. If suliacribera neglect or refuse to take their
 papers from the office to which they arc directed, they
 are held responsible till they settle their bill and order
 their papers to be discontinue L
 4. If subscribers move to other places without
 informing the publisher, and their paper is sent to
 the f »r n~*r direction, they are he! 1 responsible.
 5. have dcci lei that refusing to take
 a periodical from the office, or removing
 an! leaving it uncalled for, is prim.l facie evidence of
 muntimil fr/%icl
 RfmovaL*.—ln giving notice of a change of
 resi ience, be siu e and state the Post Office to which
 the paper has formerly been sent.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 7, 1849
From tlie'L'm'lon Mercury.
 BPEECII.OP&lt;;EO. THOMPSON, ESQ.,
 M. P., ON FREE TRADE WITH
 INDIA.
 The meeting being organized, Fran
 cis Carnac Brown, Esq., chairman, ad
 dressed the assembly as follows:—La
 dies and gentlemen, in thanking you
 for the honor you have just conferred
 upon me, in electing me to preside over
 this very large meeting, it is necessary
 that I should address to you a few
 words explaining the reason why I have
 consented to take upon myself this of-1
 fice, seeing that I am altogether a;
 stranger, not only to this present au-j
 dience, but to this part of London. I,
 will make my observations as brief as
 1 possibly can, in order that I may not
 be the means of detaining you from
 hearing a gentleman whom I am per
 fectly aware you are all most anxious
 to listen to, and who has come to this
 meeting for the express purpose of
 bringing the important subject which
 we shall have to discuss to-night, under j
 the consideration of this meeting. I
 will, therefore, merely observe to you,
 that my connection with your honora
 ble member, Mr. George Thompson,
 does not date from yesterday (hear,
 hear.) It is now about eight years since
 I returned from India, and met that
 gentleman, who had not long before
 landed upon the shores of this country,
 upon his arrival from a visit to the U. j
 States of America, where as you wellj
 know, he had devoted a considerable
 portion of bis time and energies to the,
 abolition of slavery in that land. j
 Brought together by a community ofs
 sentiment, we met, and from time to
 time until the present a close and con-|
 tinned intimacy has subsisted between
 us. AVe have acted together upon
 many occasions for the promotion ol
 questions relating to India, and at
 length a period has arrived when it ap
 pears to the best friends of India, that
 the powerful advocacy of yoyr mem
 ber may be used with the very be*.t ef
 fect, for the purpose of introducing to
 tin* public and the Legislature, subjects
 of tiu; greatest importance to our vastj
 ♦wpire jo the Hast, and of so far cn-,
 lightening public opinion upon this
 question, that you, and all men, may
 have an opportunity of seeing and ol
 knowing that, in bringing betore your
 notice the condition ot India, we are at
 the same time calling your attention to
 a subject of the deepest and most vital
 interest to yourselves., When Mr.
 George Thompson shaH have concluded
 his address to-night, I have not the
 •lightest doubt that there will not be
 *&gt;ne person in this assembly, who Will
 l&lt;*ave the room without being impressed
 with the conviction of the truth of the
 statement it here made, namely—that
 there is no individual present, whose
 interest, directly or indirectly, in not
 most essentially concerned m the fate
 of that country, which is to be the topic
 of the present lecture. With these
 prefatory remarks, I now beg leave to
 Introduce to you, your own member,
 Mr. George Thompson.
THE NORTH STAR
•Onircr BL„ p
 j rose, and was enihusiosticany greeted,
 lie said'. I hare nought this opportu
 nity that I may lay before you my views
 on a question of paramount importance
 I to the interests of thig country and of
 the empire at large. ou have done
 me the Innor to elect me as one of
 your representatives in the Parliament
 of England, nnd I consider, therefore,
 that it is my duty to put you in posses
 j sion of my opinions on a subject which
 will occupy the chief portion of my
 I attention in the Legislature, and which
 I intend to agitate, as I have time and
 strength, both indoors and out, until it
 is appreciated, as I think it ought to
 be, by the people gene roll/. (Cheers.)
 i do not doubt, that when I have con
 cluded, you will share my con visions
 respecting the vital importance of the
 question 1 am about to discuss, and
 that you will not only cheerfully con
 sent to my devoting myself to its advo
 cacy, but be ready also to lend me your
 best co-operation. (Cheers.) 1 there
 fore ask your candid and serious atten
 tion. I ask that you will weigh delib
 erately, the facts, the statistics, and the
 arguments I shall adduce, and that you
 will vote for nothing, the propriety and
 truth of which I do not fully and most
 satisfactorily establish. (Cheers.)
 The topic on which I have to address
 you this evening is, Free Trade with
 India, in relation to the condition and
 prospects of this country.” This text
 might seem to limit the discussion to
 matters connected with India and Eng
 land, and to the results accruing to
 those countries exclusively from an ex
 tension of their commercial intercourse.
 The subject, how'ever, as I think I shall
 be able to demonstrate, embraces an
 other result, namely—the achievement
 of the overthrow of slavery and the
 slave trade—an effect following upon
 the attainment of the former object. A
 few words about slavery will bring me
 naturally to the subject which has been
 announced, and enable you to trace out
 for yourselves the inevitable effect of
 which I have spoken- In the United
 States of America, a country boasting
 its declaration of independence, its doc
 trines of equality, its free political insti
 tutions, its love of universal liberty, its
 educated and enlightened population,
 its numerous ecclesiastical bodies un
 trammelled by state connection, its
 efforts for the diffusion of the Scriptures,
 and its many and powerful organiza
 tions for promulgating the faith of the
 gospel throughout the world,—every
 sixth man, woman and child is a slave.
 /|gh»m«i) nvHioag Stf fr^o
 have banded themselves together to
 hold in hopeless bondage three millions
 of their fellow creatures! (Hear!)
 A similar number of slaves are found
 in the empire of Brazil. Spain holds
 another million in her colonies. Franee
 and Holland participate in the crime of
 their colonies. We turn to Africa.
 Notwithstanding the abolition of the
 slave trade w itii Africa, by England
 and the United States, simultaneously,
 in the year 1503, a thousand human
 beings are, every day, either slaugh
 tered in their own villages, or die on
 their way from the interior to the coast,
 or, expiring in the middle passage, are
 thrown into the deep; or living to reach
 the port, are sold in the slave market,
 to be worked to death on the coffee and
 sugar plantations of Cuba and Brazil.
 The statistics of this system inform us
 that from eight to nine millions are in
 bondage, and that Africa is robbed of
 a thousand of her children every day!
 Such are slavery and the slave trade,
 as carried on by nominally Christian
 nations, in Europe and America, at the
 present time. (Cries of shame, and
 great sensation.) The object of this
 address is not to characterize slavery,
 or to dwell upon its peculiar features
 in the various countries where it exists,
 but to point out the remedy a 3 a conse
 quence flowing from a certain measure.
 Let me nevertheless observe, that I do
 not underrate the value and necessity
 of the measures hitherto employed in
 the cause of abolition; still less do I
 desire to see them discontinued. They
 are all, save those which imply force,
 useful, and partially efficacious. But,
 besides the antidotes, which are of a
 purely moral and religious character,
 there is a remedy at hand, at once
 simple, direct, easy, peaceful, oronipo-'
 tent, and infallible —a remedy capable
 of immediate application,—a remedy
 possessed by England, and by no other
 a remedy which, if resorted to, will
 be found unattended by aught that is
 exceptionable—a remedy fraught with
 blessings far beyond even the extinc
 tion of°slavery and the slave trade.—
 (Cheers.)
 This remedy is no discovery of yes
 terday. For eight or nine years there
 have been a few persons in this country
 who, having taken the trouble to ac
 quaint themselves with the facts relating
 to the history, condition, and resources
 of the vast empire which Great Britain
 has obtained in the East, have been
 convinced that H was eminently practi
 cable, by one and the same peaceful
 process, to achieve a greater triumph
 in the cause of freedom and humanity,
 and confer more extensive and perma
 nent blessings, of a temporal nature, on
 the world, than were ever before placet]
 within the limits of human power ami
 human accomplishment. They are still
 convinced that England possesses with
 in hertclf, aidtd by the resources ol
 her matchless Asiatic Empire, thf
 means of utterly abolishing the Africac
 slave trade? of giving freedom to everj
 «Uve in the islands and on the conti
 neat Stf America of rais.ng fro*
 depression an*.™".
 conquered Hin** subjects; and o
 augmenting indeflmtefthar home man
 ufacturing, trading, and maritime pro*
 periTirfchW) It b« *&gt;e«
 privilege to be intimately associate*
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD U THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
with those who have cherished this
 conviction—l have long shared that
 conviction with them—and in my bum
 ble efforts to impart it to others, I have
 been aided by the knowledge, experi
 ence, and generous co-operation of
 those to whom I have referred. The
 accuracy of the facts long since put
 forth on this subject has been tested;
 and so far from those facts having been
 either shaken or overthrown, they have
 been confirmed and illustrated by the
 most striking events; so that what were
 once the convictions of a few are be
 coming the convictions of multitudes;
 indeed, of all intelligent minds with the
 k patience and candor to enter upon an
 impartial inquiry on thf subject. (Loud
 cheers.)
 A single glance at (he origin of negro
 slavery will suggest the remedy which
 ought to be applied. The slavery and
 the slave trade of the western world
 began in a desire to obtain by forced
 labor the products of the earth. The
 Spaniards enslaved the Mexicans, that
 they might work them in mines, and
 enrich themselves with the precious
 ores which they extracted. A similar
 motive led to the enslavement, and
 brought about the extermination of the
 Caribs of the West India Islands. The
 introduction of the sugar cane, and the
 demand for its produce, led to the trade
 •in slaves with Africa; and the enslave
 ment of seven millions of Africans and
 their descendants, at the present time,
 and all the existing horrors and atroci
 ties of the African slave trade, are
 founded upon the desire to realise the
 profits which arc obtainable by the
 growth and and sale of five articles—
 sugar, coffee, cotton, rice and tobacco.
 Were the demand for these to cease, the
 nourishment and vitality of these sys
 tems would cease, and they would perish
 from the earth. Abundant means exist for
 the elucidation of the topic now under
 discussion, but the materials to which I
 shall resort will be drawn chiefly from
 a pamphlet just given to the world, by
 a gentleman in every way qualified to
 furnish the necessary information. I
 shall make free yse both of the facts he
 has collected, and the language he has
 employed; assured that he will be grat
 ified if, by any means, I can render his
 production subservient to the end 1
 have in view. The pamphlet to which
 I refer is entitled, Free Trade and the
 Cotton Question with reference to India
 By Francis Carnac Brown, Esq., ol
 Tellicherry,”—our present chairman.
 (Cheers.) Mr. Brown is connected by
 birth with the soil of India,.and is the
 proprietor of a large estate tfh the coast
 of Malabar. I entertain the utmost
 respect for his judgment, and have the
 fullest reliance on his veracity. The
 pamphlet I have named, and from
 which I am about very largely to
 quote, does not so much deal in opin
 ions as in evidence —evidence drawn
 from the highest and most unexception
 able sources. The authorities cited
 are, —Documents connected with the
 Records of the East India Company;
 Minutes and Letters of Members of
 Council; Reports drawn up by Mem
 bers of the Indian Government; Re
 ports published by the Directors of the
 East India Company; and Official Re
 turns of Exports aod Imports. This
 pamphlet is addressed to her Majesty’s
 Minister for Indian Affairs, and is in
 tended for the instruction and guidance
 of the manufacturers of England, the 1
 statesmen and legislators of this great
 empire, and the true friends of British
 India and the civilization of the world.! i
 It is one of the most important docu-
 ments ever published, and will, I trust,
 secure its author the gratitude of the
 nation. I know the only reward he i
 seeks is the happiness and prosperity
 of mankind. (Loud cheers.) i
 Seventy years ago, the colonies of
 America struck a decisive blow for i
 political freedom and national indepen
 dence. After a bloody struggle, they i
 achieved their olyect; they saw the last
 of the king’s troops quit their shores;
 and, under a general government of
 their own, and a constitution adopted
 in a Congress of the States, became
 the United States of America/” The
 early settlers in Virginia had introduced
 negro slaves for the cultivation of their
 plantations, and before the Declaration
 of Independence slavery had extended
 ■ltself over the whole of the colonies, i
 On the separation of the States from
 the mother country, the Northern and
 Eastern republics gave liberty to their
 slaves. The constitution adopted by
 the States gave no power to the federal
 government to abolish slavery; and the
 Southern States still continued to main-,
 tain the system. The principal exports
 j of these States were tobacco and rice.
 So great, however, was the difficulty,
 as early as 1781, of finding remunera
 tive employment far the small number
 of slaves that were then there, that the
 masters, to save themselves from rain,
 deliberated upon the propriety of setting
 i all the slaves they possessed at liberty.
 (Hear! hear!) How stood matters m
 England at this period? Prior to the
 existence of the East India Company,
 the clothing of the people of England
 had been chiefly woolen, and the man
 ufacturers of the North of England en
 joyed the chief part of the trade. Great
 was the outcry when the cloths, the
 muslins, the silks, and the nankeens of
 India and China came into competition
 with the home manufactures of Lan
 cashire. At length, however, the man-,
 ufacture of cotton goods sprung up; the
 East India Company supplied the raw
 material. Had England existed as a
 manufacturing nation 2,000 years be
 fore, and had the mesas of reaching
 India been known, and the riches and
 1 capacity of the country understood, saw
 cotton in any quantity might have Been
 l obtained from a soil and a people where
 cdCtes had been grown and manufac
 tured f«rl and wbeee cloths
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1818.
have been the wonder of the world and
 the boast of the people by whom they i
 were fabricated. Now behold the re
 vivifying effect of this new branch cfj
 English manufacture upon the system i
 of slavery in the United States of Ante-,
 rica. (Hear.)
 The East India Company were mas
 ters of the resources of a country which j
 is the natural home of the cotton plant.
 For reasons which I shall not now par-;
 ticularize, they had not brought to.this
 island a supply sufficient to meet the
 growing demand. An experiment had j
 been made on the shores of South Car-1
 olina to cultivate a few cotton trees!
 from seeds introduced from one of the
 West India Islands, till the 26th ol j
 January, 1785, a single bag of this
 cotton was landed on the wharf at Liv-;
 erpodl. That was a fatal day for the'
 cause of human liberty. The sample:
 was approved, and orders were given
 to send all of the same quality that
 could be raised. Time, however, was'
 wanting; and, therefore, in 1786, the
 total export of cotton from the United
 States of America was only 900 pounds.
 In England, ingenuity, and capital and
 enterprise were embarked in the manu
 facture of cotton goods; and in America
 similar qualities were soon engaged to
 turn the labor of the slaves to profitable
 account, and to develop the resources
 of a territory illimitable in its extent.
 The race thus commenced has contin
 ued down to the present hour. In 1760
 Hargreaves invented the spinning-jen-!
 ny; Arkwright soon after introduced
 the spinning-lr&amp;me; Crompton, in 1799,
 combined the two, and called it the
 mule. In 1785, the year lam now
 speaking of, Watt brought the steam
 engine to that perfect state for acting
 which made it profitable. Cartwright
 afterwards invented the power-loom.
 Sixty years only have elapsed since
 this career cn the part of these two!
 great countries began. At home, con
 temporaneously with the ever increasing
 consumption of cotton goods by ourj
 own people, the export of cotton goods
 has advanced, until it has exceeded the
 mighty value of £’25, 000.000 sterling
 per annum being almost half the
 amount of the entire exports of the
 United Kingdom. Not less than £70,-
 000,001) of British capital is invested in
 iho cotton of this ,country; more
 than two millions of our population de
 pend on this trade for employment;
 and, consequently, for the means of
 subsistence. (Hear!) “The truth
 is, says the able editor of the Econo
 mist, “that there is moUiing, except'
 food itself, which is of"such maleriaf!
 consequence to the well being of this
 country, as an abundant supply of cot-j
 ton; forming, as it does, the basis of so
 large a portion of our commerce, and
 of the employment of our workpeople.’”
 (Hear! hear!) “On the supply of raw
 cotton,” says the Times, “does it ab
 solutely depend whether the population
 of Lancashire shall or shall not be
 reduced to the state of the population j
 of Cork. The cotton plantations of
 New Orleans feed the inhabitants of
 Manchester, as directly as the potato
 fields of Mayo or Galway feed or
 starve the peasants of Connaught.”
 Thus, in sixty years, has this single
 branch of British manufactures become
 of vital national importance. It is in
 terwoven w:ith all that relates to thei
 employment of our population, of our!
 capital, and of our shipping; and all
 that relates to our credit, or solvency, j
 and our domestic peace, contentment, f
 and security. Its rapid growth is won
 derful; its magnitude is stupendous;
 and its connection with all that is
 precious and important in the country
 is so close and inseparable tliat the
 boldest and most lar-seeing minds in
 the community cannot contemplate any
 serious vicissitude befalling it without
 the utmost alarm and terror. (Hcarf
 hear!) It was to supply England with
 the raw' material for this branch of her
 manufactures thgt the planters of Ame
 rica, in 1786, turned their attention and
 energies to cottoh cultivation. A new
 era commenced; All thoughts of giving
 emancipation to the slave ceased; for
 they became suddenly valuable as hu-
 man beasts of burden on the plantation,
 or as stock to raise, by natural increase, t
 the thousands of their kind required to
 cultivate this new article of produce.
 (Hear!) There was a rush from the
 worn-out and profitless soils of the
 older states to the new and virgin soils
 beyond. The vast valley of the Mis
 sissippi, and the extensive peninsula of
 Florida, presented a boundless field for
 enterprise, and the profitable employ
 i ment of slave labor; and thither those
 who scrupled not to amass riches by
 violence and slavery betook themselves.
 Washington became the emporium of
 the domestic slave trade, and New Or-;
 leans the slave market of the South.
 The demand for cotton wool in England
 closed the -gates of mercy on tbe bond
 men of America; it quenched the hopes
 of the friends of humanity; it inflamed
 the love of Mammon in tbe breasts of
 the trans-Atlantic slave-holders, and
 offered them a tempting premium to
 pursue their guilty traffic, in the sure
 hope of a rich reward.
 In 17S5 r America exported from her
 shores a single bag of cotton wool. In
 1843, that same country sent across
 the sea, from her slave-tilled plania
 tions, during tbe first nine months of
 that year, seven hundred end niaety
 two millions of pound* weight! In 1785,
 America held within her border* 600,-
 000 slaves, end these, as we have ieen,
 I had become unprofitable, and were,
 therefore, standing on the thresbhold
 of freedom, In 1840, America coo
 tained 2,487,213 slaves, and the—were
 1 valued by an American etstetman,
 i Henry Clay, himself entitled to be
 i regarded as a fit judge in the matter,
 betas bom a southern man and a slsve
 holder and breeder, at 128,000,006 of
dollars! In 1785, a single bag of cotter
 was exported from America. In 1841
 the total exports from the shores of thai
 country amounted in value to $106,-
 382,7*22, of which her exported cotton
 amounted to $54,336,331, being $77,•
 940 in excess of all her other exports
 put together. In 1790, the shipping
 of the United States was set down as
 437,377 tons, and in 1844, at 1,280,090
 tons!
 While driving this profitable trade in
 the staple articles of our manufactures,
 the United States have been compara
 tively inattentive to the growth of ethos
 kinds of tropical produce; and have,
 therefore, greatly enriched their slave
 holding ncighbois, by becoming cus
 tomers for the articles raised ou their
 plantations. Her own prosperity, built
 on the foundation I have pointed out,
 has enabled her to be a large consumer
 of foreign produce of slave growth.
 Hence we find her importing, during
 1846 2,000,000 of pounds weight ol
 slave-grown coffee, and nearly 60,000
 tons of slave-grown sugar. Her cotton
 has largely assisted her to do this; and
 thro ugh our consumption of this slave
 grown article of America, we have
 been feeding to fatness the slaveholders
 of Cuba and Brazil, and thus supplying
 to thc-m*their only stimulus to the con
 tinuance of their slave trade with Af
 rica. “'While, therefore,” says Mr.
 Brown, “we have been lavishing mil
 liens of money, and sacrificing thous
 ands of valuable lives, since the peace
 of 1814, to suppress slavery in Africa,
 our manufactures have, year by year,
 been supplying a larger and larger sum
 to the United States, by which the
 demand for slaves was sure to be kept
 up and encouraged in Cuba and Brazil.
 This is the explanation, why cne cargo
 in four, instead of one in three, now
 repays the Brazilian slavers. (Cheers.)
 The cotton manufacture of England,
 viewed through the medium of the facts
 now stated, stands cat as the prime
 inciting cause of untoil «nd unutterable
 misery and crime. Tbe arm that con
 tributes to the wealth, the strength, and
 the greatness of our native land, deals
 death and destruction on a continent
 on cne side of the ocean, and sustains
 and perpetuates colossal systems of
 slavery on the other. Whilst spending
 thousands annually to shield the coast
 of Africa from the visits of the slave
 trader, we are furnishing millions to
 the slaveholders of America. While
 laying units on the altar of freedom
 we are heaping ingots on the altar ot
 slavgyy. assembled together to
 express our sympathy with the slave,
 and our abhorrence of the system which
 has reduced him to what he is—a mar
 ketable chattel in the eye of the law—
 we are at the same time, as a nation,
 supplying the only effectual proof of the
 system. Wc are bolding in our own
 hands ’the key which has shot the bolt
 upon him in his prison-house; nay, our
 persons.are arrayed in the very fabrics
 which have been woven from the fruits
 of the earth, which lie is kept a slave to
 (ill by his unpaid labor, and to moisten
 with his unpitied tears! (Great cheers.}
 That ouch a state of things is incon
 sistent with the revealed law of God,
 we know. That it is not required by
 the law of nature, or the circumstances
 of man's condition here, we must admit
 —or, the principle must be conceded,
 that the law of God is .at war with the
 ordinations of nature, and that the
 Deity himself is answerable for the!
 origin and continuance of the atrocious!
 systems which the voice of nature con
 demns as inhuman and unjust. (Loudi
 cheers.) That the doctrines of politi-'
 cal economy are inconsistent either
 with "the Drccepts of revelation, the
 laws of nature, or the rights and happi
 ness of any portion of the human race,
 we do not believe. We hold them to
 be based on equal justice, and their
 practice the carrying out dT*thc rules
 which God and natuie have manifestly
 prescribed. (Cheers.) We believe,
 too, that all tbe inventions of genius,
 all the aids of machinery, ail the love!
 of adventure and enterprise implanted
 in the breast of man, are compatible in
 their fullest exercise and application!
 with the happiness of the human race, j
 Nay, more, that wisely directed and
 caii v r. Bed by a sense of justice, and an
 observance of the rights common to all,
 they are calculated and designed largely
 t augment the sum of human felicity,
 and to advance man in bis progress to
 the highest attainable condition in civ
 ilization and power. (Great applause.)
 Let roe now proceed to show the
 foundations on which we rest this belief.
 As if in anticipation of the present cir
 cumstances of this country, and tbe
 future destinies of the world, God has
 made provision in nature—in the vary
 ing climates of the globe, and the habits
 and positions of the different races of
 mankind, for the useful application of
 all the creations of mechanical shill,
 for the largest conceivable augmenta
 tion of commerce, and for the gratifica
 tion and reward of all honorable adven
 ture and enterprise. (Cheers.) Slavery
 is no less at war with the material
 interest* of nations, the principles of
 free-trade, and the teachings of political
 economy, than with the rights and hap
 piness of its victims. A return to these
 immutable laws is the road to the abo
 lition of slavery. England is in a posi
 tion to set the*bright example. There
 is hope for the slave if England wgj be
 wise. England poanesaes a lover pow
 erful enough to overthrow tbe Wood
 stained frbric which has been reared,
 not lees by n violation of the lawn ol
 nature and political economy, Ana by
 an outrage on Ike inalienable rights ol
 bunmmty, and the abrogation of tin
 statutes of the Ahnicfcfy. That I may
 at once prove this, I will cany you foi
 a few momenta to the “Gorgeow
 East,** and land yea on the shores a
 British India—a country
"Wkwiiriiyn; «f«t
 O’er coral rocks ami araker to&gt;W;
 Whose m tic tains, »sUa the Local
 Of the warn too, with dnramfa tecta;
 Whrsr mulct* ate hke rich brvSn,
 L 'fljt witlt *oU bumth their tnler;
 Whvie saadai grove* srr! bewm of *y?ie»
 Might be a Pen** parauisr.” (Ltal than.)
 Geographical]y, India is that large,
 distinct, and peculiar portion of the
 earth, stretching over twenty-eight de
 grees of latitude, and twenty-four de
 grees of longitude, and enclosed on ail
 sides by the sea, by the stupendous
 range of the Hitnmaylayas, and by two
 of the greatest rivers in the world, the
 Indus and Burrampooter—boundaties
 which divide it from countries and
 j races altogether separate and different.
 Politically, India is that countty which,
 throughout the length and breadth of
 these, its natural limits, is more under
 paramount British dominion than any
 English country; for, throughout its
 extent, the will and the word of its
 British rulers are, in point of fact, law.
 Socially, India is a population of two
 hundred tnillkns of men, the vast ma
 jority of whom have for ages been indis
 j solubly knit together by a common
 religion and common traditions, by
 common laws, and common civil and
 municipal .institutions, —by common
 castes, rites, observances, and man
 ners; and who, although apparently
 dissociated by the obstacles of lan
 guages, locally differing, are, never
 theless, united in hourly and daily in
 tercourse, both among themselves and
 w ith their English rulers, by the medi
 um of a common language, adopted
 with common consent by all, and pre
 vailing from Cape Ccmorin to the
 Himmaylayas. No other country in
 the world, of the same extent, exhibits
 a natural connection capable of being
 made so close and intimate throughout
 all its parts, or so powerful in its
 aggregation, as this; for its area would
 readily sustain a population of 300,-
 000,000 of men; and no people of equal
 number offer a more complete identity
 of social leanings and materia] interests,
 whereon to found, build up, and con
 solidate this connection.
 Such is British India, an empire ex
 tending over 1,200,000 square miles!.
 Anxious as I am to state nothing on!
 my own authority, I will not describe
 the impressions which my own mind
 received while travelling round its en
 tire coast —while entering its ports—
 while gazing on its fruit-clad hills—or
 journeying through its li£turient plains
 —or examining its endicb# diversified
 productions, but b fcsm the
 work of lion. M&amp;untstuaisJMpitMlliMCr,
 the briefest summary I h*ve ever met
 with of the natural riches this gran
 ary of the world.* “Whole plains,”
 Mr. Elphinstone says, are covered
 with cotton, tobacco, and poppies
 roses are grown for attar and rose
 water; the sugar-cane, though requir
 ing sedulous care in its culture, and
 rich and well watered spots for its
 growth, is abundant. Large tracts arc
 given up to indigo, while many more
 brilliant dyes are among the produce of
 the fields; and silk, flax, mustard, ses
 samun, palma christi, and other plants
 yielding an ample supply of oil, both
 for culinary and other purposes; be
 sides wheat, barley, the panicum itali
 cum, and innumerable other descrip
 tions of grain, for which Englishmen
 have no name and many kinds of
 pulse, and roots, and vegetables, ar.d
 fruits, and apices, combine to make the
 earth redolent with beauty, and Hui
 dostan foremost among the regions cl
 the globe, as the choice store-house ol
 nature.” (Cheers.) Such is the coun
 try over which the sway of Great Brit
 ain universally extends; whose bound
 less riches are at our command; where
 the sceptre of Victoria lias swallowed
 up the sceptres of fitly princes. (Hear!
 hear! and cheers.) Let me proceed to&gt;
 show yon how fur this magnificent
 realm, thus subject, through all the
 millions of its population, and all its
 diversified regions of fertility and beau-,
 ty, to the absolute dominion of this
 island, is able to supply the articles
 now procured from those doleful abodes
 of slavery, where every wind that blows
 gathers up the sighs ol bleeding, broken
 hearts;—
 Where laughter ia not mirth, nor thought die mint,
 Nor worn* a language, nor even men —rAmd.”
 Scenes of desolation and slaughter—
 Where the vultures and vaopyres of Mammon
 resort.
 Where Columbia otnltinglv drains
 Her hie Hood from Africa’s veins;
 Where the uuare of God is accounted aa bass
 As tbs image of Onr set up in its place.**
 These rois-named, free, republican,
 Christian States,
 M Whose fueiiase fa; of freedom nm
 la mockery o’er a laud of slaves. M
 (Tremendous cheering.)
 The limits necessarily prescribed toj
 an address like the present, will not
 permit me to go into details upon more
 than one branch qf the subject; and I
 shall therefore confine myself on this
 occasion to the article of cotton wool.
 Eleven years ago, the directors of the
 East India Company published a vol
 ume of reports on the culture and man
 ufacture of cottas wool, raw silk, and
 indigo in India. In that volume it
 a letter addressed by the directors
 themselves to the Board of Control, in
 which they state that The cotton plant
 is indigenous throughout the peninsula
 i of Indie, from the extreme sooth to the
 fix* of the Himmaylaye mountains.”
 i This assertion of the directors is abun
 dantly supported by the contents of
 ftheir bulky volume, which is filled by
 !j the reports supplied to them by the dif
 ferent collectors of revenue throughout
 f India. “These documents show eoo
 t ekisivelysays Mr. Brosra, that not
 only is cotton an article of immemorial
 domestic cultivation in every oae of the
 i provinces, hat that the progress of the
 r East India Company has been marked
 hv the successive acquisition of every;
 V j
ttIIUAM dPfcKU. riasnsM
 HSIX |ikl(, Paisrsa-
WHOLE NO.
j province, and the virtual supremacy
 obtaiued over every native stale south
 of the Sutledge, which was peculiarly
 favored fi.»r it* growth and production
 ;ot cotton. Continuing this career of
 1 acquisition, the lasi year, the year 1846,
 saw annexed to the company’s rule the
 province of the Jullindar Doab—the
 j fertile province north of the river Sut
 ledge, which there produces the finest
 j cotton. The same year saw the real
 extension of the British frontier carried
 to Attock and Cashmeer. Every
 acre of land, therefore, in India, cape
 ble of growing cotton, within the vast
 geographical limits a&amp;signcd to the
 I plant in 1828 (when ti e directors w rote
 their letter to the Indian board,) is, in
 1847, subject to British control. These
 limits embrace a country, for the most
 part cultivated and civilized, cf not less
 extent than the whole of Europe south
 «f the i iver Nicmen, peopled by at least
 150,000,000 of intelligent and industri
 ous men. To doubt the capacity oi this
 country to produce cotton in adequate
 quantities for the wants of England, is
 to doubt the tcnitoiial capacity of
 three-fourths of all Europe to produce
 cabbages for its consumption, if cab
 bages and not cotton were the produce
 required for the use of its population
 and the working of its mills.”
 So much for the natural capacity of
 the soil of India. A word now* in ref
 erence to the ability of the natives to
 turn these natural advantages to mc
 i count. Let us now look at the capa
 city of the natives. (Hear!) “Ihc
 next doubt,” says the same intelligent
 author, “which has been started, and
 in England most industriously circula
 ted, until it also has become an article
 of belief, is the dcubt whether the na
 j tives of India possess the requisite
 knowledge and manual skill to grow
 1 cotton as well as the slaves of tbs
 United States. The proofs to dispsl
 and destroy this doubt can no longor
 be sought for in the manufactures of
 India. God has willed that their soil
 shall endure; but their manuiactures,
 the work of their hands, once unrivaled,
 are fast passing away. The muslins of
 Dacca, that beautiful manufacture that
 was to Bengal what the manufacture of
 steam engines is to England, absolutely
 unsurpassed, has, within living memo
 ry, become utterly extinct.” (Hear!)
 A remarkable confirmation of the truth
 of this affecting statement has recently
 ra salted -country. I la Bengal
 Newspaper, called the JVMaf JnJtm,
 Ayat lath, thaaq m n nehce sf
 Commercial Annual for the year end
 ing April, 1847,” containing a view o t
 the trade of Bengal. This volume in
 forms the world that the past commer
 cial year in that part of India has been
 rcndeied memorable, as the year in
 which the export of Indian piece goods
 to England has entirely ceased. Not
 one Bingle yard has been sent to this
 country for sale. Fifty years ago, as
 stated by Mr. Brown, the city of Dacca
 was celebrated for its almost magical
 fabrics, and thousands of looms were
 busily employed in the manufacture of
 cotton cloth for the English markets;
 and the export of piece goeds from tho
 port of Calcutta ah no, amounted to
 more than tw'o millions sterling. N&lt;»w,
 that vast and profitable trade has be
 come entirely extinct not a single
 yard of cloth is exported to this coun
 try—the grass grows in the once stir
 ring and thriving streets of Dacca, and
 the jungle is fast invading its suburb!
 In the year 1840-17, instead of export
 ing, as at the beginning of the cen
 tury, two millions of pounds worth cf
 native goods, Bengal imported £3,134,-
 worth of English yarns, twist, and
 cloths, manufactured from American
 cotton-wool. In this single fact, the
 demonstrati' n is complete and incon
 trovertible, that England has, within
 half a century, succeeded in building
 up the system of negro slavery in
 America, (which was rapidly decaying)
 and in annihilating the -manufacture*
 of Bengal, once flout ishing and pro
 fitable.
 Alas, for the Hindoo and the Afri
 can I am far from bringing any
 charge against the manufacturers as a
 class. They are the gieatest bene
 factors of this country, and would
 gladly have obtained their raw cotton
 from India. The gudty parties am
 those whose blind, oppressive, and
 infatuated policy has prevented the
 natives of India from sending cotton
 to England, and thereby becoming
 customers, net to the extent of three
 millions, but twenty, H’©or surplus had
 reached that amount. (Loud cheers.)
 Notwithstanding the official announce
 ment of the extinction of Indian ntns
 factares for parpoecs of export, the
 proof of the ability of the natives of
 India to produce the cotton of com
 merce, as good as when their fab tics
 clothed the world, has been recently
 obtained in a manner so complete, sa
 tisfactory, and conclusive, as mast
 henceforth banish every doubt sn the
 subject. In consequence of the plan
 laid by the late bank of the United
 Stales, to monopolize the crop of Ame
 rican cotton, in the year 1838-30, the
 cotton manufacturers of Lancashire#
 roused by the attempt, scot a deputa
 tion of their body to Loudon, to re
 monstrate with the director* of the
 East India Company, npon the amaM
 supply uf indifferent cMUm received
 from India. The directors, solicitor
 to lall ike alarm and calm the expee
 tii Istirun of sJI the remonstrants, de
 vised a novel expedient, and divertaJ
 by means of it from Indie &lt;e
 America. They forthwith dispatched
 one of their officers, a captain of
 Native Infantry, to the United State*,
 where he engaged ten cotton planters,
 and in 18(0, proceeded with them la
 India. Thera they were distributed un
