ADDREriS OP AXTMLATRRY WO
 HEX OF REKTtRX NEW YORK.
 a deep and abiding impretMon of tin
 duly we owe to God and oar fellow being*
 the Aoti-SUvery women of Rochester fee
 constrained to cvmtinue to persevere in thet
 ♦•{Torts tor the oppnreted and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in th
 Southtrn pn*o« house. We are frequent];
 thought painfully to remember Uiat rot onl
 is their fdbor w rested from thorn ujureir.uners
 ted not only Jo they suffer from uitense bun
 ger and cold not only are the female*, oci
 sister*, subjected to the cruel and jswtfionat
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 •certbat There are daily instance* of ooh
 during the dearest Uca. in nature, thus *epa
 rating them forever. And can wo expect any
 thin? boiler—can we look for Irmcvolono* 01
 fine foiling* from a nystem so foul aod fiend
 iah as slavery! It would be unreasonable
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring fort!
 pood fruit/’ Therefore, know ing that with
 out associative action wc cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 unite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask then
 to bear i.» mind the injunctions of Jesus, 14 Al
 things w haißocver yc would men should pin u
 you, do ye even so to them/' Renumber
 also, the licauliful parable in which be call
 «&gt;ur attention to the sick and to those who an
 in prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 lion, 4 inasmuch as ye have done it to one of th&lt;
 least of these, my brethren, yc have done i
 unto me/* Wc feel assured all that hav&lt;
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to tin
 monitions of conscience—all who arc deter
 mined to live fir the good of our race, instea&lt;
 of devoting al! their ti:no to their own per
 aoaal eatie—-all who feci bound to improve th&lt;
 precious lime allotted to them here, by pro
 moling as much as possible the cause of tnitl
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of tailoring to banish forev
 er tho d i:non of slavery from our land and
 in ?o doing, instead of an example of coirup
 t;on and w ickedness, we should be a light
 to the world.’’
 Wo hope no one will fed too poor, nor any
 foo rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 l 'hrisuaa’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, alid will certainly produce its
 good effects. We a.sk for the aid of men and
 of women —we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 cither of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to th mselves, to their maithood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object we propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask the females in
 tlie adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will he most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind ol
 the necessity of our pars2voranee and fidelity,
 and thus bi helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Di sh, Rochester.
 .Sarah I). Fish, do.
 Sarah Ij. Hai.lowfll, do.
 Mary 11. llai.loivell, do.
 0........ .V. I. M uu,
 MutGA.nET A. I.AUSON, do.
 J'mzabf.th Sully, do.
 Phebe Tula dwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilber, do.
 'Hilda Antiiosy, do.
 ilnoD.i Dk Gar mo, do.
 Catharine G. Braituwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stkubixs, do.
 Av y Post, do.
 Henrietta Plutt, Rath.
 Sisan It. Doty, Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, v do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Catron, Auburn.
 Mrs. Hamlin, Port Byron.
 Mar*ar£T Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann MoCIiNTOCK, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 M us. Mackintybe, Darien.
 Meetings.— Frxdfkicb Douglass will
 attend, with Agents of the Western N. Y.
 Anti-Slavery Society, the meetings at Canan
 daigua, Penn Yan and Bath.
 Flf.nrY 11. Garnet. —Wc learn from our
 Northampton correspondent, that friend Gar
 net has lteen recently addressing large audi
 ences in that town, on the past and present
 condition, ar.J future destiny, of the colored
 race, acquitting himself ably, and exerting a
 commendable influence in behalf of the Anti-
 Slavery rauso.
 J. XV. IjOGTEN.— The letter of this valued
 friend, in our columns of this week, will be
 Jbuiid deeply interesting to those vho an' in
 doubt with reepeet to the character of the
 Smith’* Hinds. Mr, Logncn is entitled to
 the gratitude of his brethren, for Jus faithful
 attention to this matter.
 The License Election in Vermont.—
 Tlte county of Yindham, Yt., gave a majority
 of 53 in favor of 4 License," on the 7th Inst.
 Last year the majority for 44 No lieen.se"
 was 1,0“2f*. The returns of tho State, as far
 as they arc known, show a gain of tho Li
 ce:is* Party.
 __ I __
 fiT 3 Tba American Government is at pres
 ent speadmg ratbor more than twice its m
 c(«*e. it* expenditure is $59,451,000': its
 inetne $.15,070,000. War ia thus laying the
 foundation of a national debt and ajbtandin.g
 ti::»y.
 UjT We are indebted to I loti. J. R. Gid
 i ngs tor his speech, delivered in Congress
 I Vf 2ft, upon tl»e IhH to supply ilu* deficiency
 of appropriations for flic year ending Jmi* 30,
 HP*.
to t:oiUtf*m\i&gt;EXTs.
 J. C. K., Br&lt;x&gt;iitjiir, o*n.&gt; will (ui4 th» &gt;*nw*iw
 M the pwt-offica. r ,r
 W., Jr.» —"'e wtouU
 puMl&amp;inf hi* uMtcm in pamphlet f**ra». Tl»» can
 U uW- a»U w rU» Sur Office. We niit farther
 i o: .tmuntratiun.
 S. B Hajem—TU faff |ia* been regular!)
 nw -W to
Notices.
UE*lf*»?fEW TOKK AKTi.
 t IIOOtSTY.
 TV Bku u#i rommiHvr wfll meet
 Tecviajr next, Khirrh 2%h, at tiu
 i Abfa-SfcvcTy (Mcc, 25, BefLilo Gurnet.
 Attendance b requested at 7 o'clock pre
 ise!r.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. See.
 Asn-Surar Mtirrww.—C. L- R*
 mum) and J. C. llathawtat, Agent* of th«
 Wpstnn New York Anti-Slavery Society
 will hnW weetinf a* fellow*
 i Canandaigua, Thursday evening, March 33
 RuabTille, Friday afternoon and evening
 March 24th.
 Fenn Van, Saturday evening and Sunday
 March 23th and 3Gih.
 PratudMjTjjh, Monday evening and Tuesday
 March 27th and 28th.
 Hath, Wed need ay evening and Thursday
 March 29th and 30th.
 a*ti-*lavery meetings.
 1 Jonathan Walker, from Florida, am
 John S. Jacobs, from North Carolina, wil
 address the people at the following namec
 places and times. Will the friends of hu
 manity at those places make the necessary
 arrangement, and assist them from place t&lt;
 place
 Fairport, Saturday, March 18
 Egypt, Sunday, 44 19
 Penficld, Monday, 44 20
 West Walworth, Tuesday, 41 21
 Corners, Wednesday, 44 22
 Williamson, Thursday, 44 23
 Marion, Friday, 24
 Palmyra, Saturday, S 5
 Rochester, Sunday, 44 26,
 Seneca Falls, Monday, 44 27,
 Syracuse, Wednesday, 44 29,
 Whitesboro, Thursday, 30
 Ftiea, Friday, 44 31
 Little Falls, Saturday, April 1.
 Manhcim, Sunday, 44 2.
 John S. Jacobs, a self emancipated slave
 from North Carolina, proposes the following
 series of meetings, relying upon the influence
 of the friends in each place to aid the cause
 along.
 Westfield, Mass. Wednesday, April 5.
 Worcester, 44 Thursday, 6.
 Providenco, R. 1,, Friday, 44 7.
 Newport, Sat. Sun. 8&amp; 9.
 Fall River, Mass. Monday, 44 10.
 Nantucket Tues. Wed. 11 12.
 Fairhaven, Friday, 44 14.
 New Bedford, 44 Saturday, 16.
 Cambridge, 44 Tuesday, 44 18.
 South Boston, Wednesday, 44 19.
 10* The Liberator will please copy.
 American Slaves t. Jonathan Walker
 fioin Florida, a victim of the slave power and
 John S. Jacobs, a self emancipated slave from
 North Carolina, will address the people of
 Rochester, on Sunday next, 26th, (Place to
 lie specified in Hand-hills.) All, who would
 learn the history of the Branded Hand and
 other inflictions of slavery, arc invited to at
 tend. 44 Come as tlie waves come."
I THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, M \RCH 24, 1818.
 THE AMERICAN COLONIZATION
 SOCIETV.
 This long-faced, smooth-tongued, mis
 chievous hypocrite, through its thirty-first
 annual report, now before us, informs its
 friends and the public generally, that it stil
 lives, and is prepared to continue the work of
 getting the free negroes” out of this coun
 try to their home in Africa. The various re
 ports of its death and burial are taken quite
 unkindly by the board, and they lead us to
 think that the society was never in better con
 dition than now. It recognizes among its
 ardent friends and supporters, many of the
 wisest, best, and most popular statesmen and
 clergymen of this age and nation.
 We place on record, for future reference,
 the names of those who fill the offices of
 President and Vice Presidents in this negro
 hating society, that the colored people may
 know what and who are operating against
 their hearths, homes and happiness.
 The Hon. Henry Clay was unanimously
 elected President of the Society for tins
 year.
 The fidlowing gentlemen were elected Vice
 Presidents, viz:
 1. General John H. Cocke, of Virginia.
 2. Daniel \Ve!&gt;ster, of .Massachusetts.
 3. Charles F. Mercer, of Florida.
 4. Rev. Jeremiah Day, D. I)., of Conn.
 5. Theodore Freluiglmvsen, of New York.
 (I. Louis McLanc, of Baltimore.
 7. Moses Allen, of New York.
 8. General W. Jones, of Washington.
 9. Joseph Gales, of Washington.
 10. Right Rev. Win. Meade, D. D., Bishop
 of Virginia.
 11. John McDonough, of Louisiana.
 12. Rev. James 0. Andrews, Bishop of the
 Methodist Episcopal Church.
 13. William Maxwell, of Virginia.
 14. Elisha Whittlesey, of Ohio.
 15. Walter Lowne, of New York.
 16. Jacob Burnet, of Ohio.
 17. Dr. Stephen Duncan, of Mississippi.
 18. William C. Rives, of Virginia.
 19. Rev. J. Laurie, P. D., of Washington.
 20. Her. Wnt. Winans. of Mississippi.
 21. James Boorman, of New York.
 22. Henry A. Foster, of New Yo^k.
 23. Dr. John Ko.r, of Mississippi.
 24. Robert Campbell, of Georgia.
 25. Peter P. Vroom, of New Jersey.
 26. James Garland, of Viigiiua.
 27. Right Hon. Lord Bexley, of Ixindon.
 28. William Short, of Philadelphia.
 29. Willard Hall, of Delaware.
 JO. Right Rev. Bishop Otey, of Tennessee.
 31. Gerard Ralston, of London.
 3 2. Rev. CouiUand Van Rensselaer, of New
 Jersey.
 83. Dr. Jlodgkin, of London.
 31. Rev. JE- Burgess, D. D., of Dedham,
 35. Thomas R. of Providence, R. I.
 30. l&gt;r. Thomas passer, of Tye River
 Milb, Virginia.
 37 Maj. Geo. Winfield Sco*l, of Wash
 ington.
 Rev. A. Alexander, D- D.,of N. J.
 39. Srmurl Wulkeson. of Xew York.
 10. L Q. C Finer, hf New Jertcf.
 11. James Ratler, of Misiissibp?.
 12. Rev. iieo. W. Be thane. D. W:, of Phi! a. 1
 «3. Rev. G. I'.-Cuvier, D: IK, of Pbd*. i
 M. Kikoii ixawon, of Philadelphia. j
 15. Auaut U. Flu-ip*. of Now York.
 Woods, J). lE, iad»ve&gt;, j
 I
 ~#a at
 .t a*' V
47. Jonathan Hyde, of Maine
 -48. Jt*v Beverly Waugh. Bishop the
 M. SL Chursh. Bahinore. 9
 48. Ret. K W. B. Johnson, S. C.
 an. Mo*** Bbepkmi, Baltimore,
 si. Job. CmrrSSericWmrg, Va.
 40. Bishop Ifcmtaa, of Ohm.
 SS. Ret. Dr. Edgar, Nashville,Tena,
 54. Ret. P. laudator, D. D., of Tens.
 55. Hon. J. R. tfnaerwond, of Kentucky.
 58. Hoo. C. Nhnh, of Woodstock, Vt
 57. Rat- J. J. Jane war, D. D.,of N. J.
 58. H. L. Lumpkin, Esq., Athens, Geo.
 50. James Lenox, of New York.
 80. Btshop Soule, D. D., of Tennessee.
 8?. Prof. S. C. Ipham, of Maine.
 81. Hon. Thomas Corwin, of Ohio.
 03. Hon. Thoa.,W. Williams, of Conn.
 61. Hon. Simon Greenleaf, of Mass.
 After which the Society adjourned to meet
 oo the 3d Tuesday of January, 184 U, at 7
 o'clock, P. M.”
 The receipts of this Society have beer
 quite lvrge the past year, amounting fo thirty
 j two thousand dollars. Lecturing agents have
 been sent into various parts of the country,
 and have met with unusual success in getting
 into churches and pulpits, even at the periods
 appointed for public worship. Ministers ol
 religion, of all denominations, are becoming
 more and more interested in it; monthly'ser
 moos are preached in its favor in many pulpits.
 North and South; prejudice is being dis
 pelled, and opposition to the Society is rapidly
 subsiding. The press of the country speck
 of its movements with respect and admiration,
 I and everything respecting Liberia, is regarded
 with increasing interest. Every indication
 seems favorable to a vigorous prosecution ol
 the work and to this end, they now call
 upon the public generally for assistance.—
 They want fifty thousand dollars the present
 year. They propose to act in such a manner,
 as to divide the spoils with our w orsc than
 useless ships of war along the African coast.
 They think they can abolish the slave trade,
 (a great enormity on the coast of Africa, but
 I Christian incense on the coast of America,)
 if the government will place in the hands of
 1 the society a suitable sum with which to
 purchase territory. They propose to support
 and provide for re-captives, at a much cheaper
 rate, and, indeed, to manage the whole busi
 ness, at a much less expense to the govern
 ment than is now done by our own war ves
 sels. They think the re-captives, at fifty dol
 lars apiece, would give them the sum of
 $37,800. Whether this sum is demanded
 I for services already rendeicd by the society,
 1 or proposing to be, the report is not clear. A
 desire on the part of the Society to get, if
 possible, into tlie service and pocket of the
 national government, is quite manifest.
 The report of the board has much to say
 about the Republic” of Liberia, and of the
 immense service its declaration of independ
 ence has done the society, and says Al
 ready among the colored people has a favora
 ble effect been produced.” It speaks with an
 air of triumph of a convention of colored per
 sons in the State of Illinois, who, self-moved,
 have appointed one of their own number to
 visit Liberia, and return and report the facts
 to them. In New Y ork, the report says, an
 other mission has been appointed for a similar
 purpose. These movements amongst the
 i colored people are hailed by the society as in
 dicating a returning sense of what is for their
 best interests and permanent happiness.
 We call attention to this society, not so
 much for the benefit of our white as our
 coiuicd leaders; ibouoh It may prufliuuie
 to both. The alluring wiles and fascinating
 blandishments, must be closely watched, and
 j firmly guarded against. We, as a people,
 too nearly resemble our paler brethren to be
 I in all cases proof against such modes of at
 i tack. The high sounding title of Independ
 ent Republic,” which Liberia has now taken,
 and the skill and grace with which tho title is
 used by this society, is very well calculated to
 win upon the vanity of those possessing more
 ambition than brain among the colored people
 of this country. The thought of Liberia is
 associated in their minds with elevation to the
 offices of Presidents, Vice Presidents, Secre
 taries ijjf State, Judges, Generals, Senators,
 Representatives in Congress. This society
 understands our weak points, and what chord
 to move. We are persuaded that this new
 point of interest may be used quite injuriously
 to the well being of many colored men in this
 country, and therefore call upon our brethren
 for a renewed expression of their opinion on
 the subject.
 We are now told, that Liberia has assumed
 the form of an independent government, pos
 sessing all the rights and discharging all the
 duties and meeting all the responsibilities of
 an independent nation. But her independence
 is not yet recognised by any other nation—nor
 has anything of the sort beon proposed to our
 government. The American Colonization
 Society has recognised her independence, and
 judging from the parade, that is made over the
 fact, this copy of the model republic, would
 seena to have its army and navy, its Ministers
 and Consuls at foreign courts, all going on in
 the most state-like manner; while the fact is,
 the Bethel church in Philadelphia, would hold
 the entire nation and a single war-ship might
 give law-s to the republic. To our mind, Li
 beria is as much dependant as ever she was,
 and the Colonization Society has ns controlling
 a voice in her affair* ever. We Anther be
 lieve, that this new form is adopted solely
 with a-view to revive the almost extinct spirit
 of Colonization throughout the land. The so
 ciety does not, however, rely solely on the
 alluring charms of nationality, independence,
 wealth, dignity and station, to induce the free
 colored man to emigrate to Liberia; they
 threaten as well as ooax,” —they appeal to
 our “fears as well as our hopes,”—they
 |&gt;oint to our degradation here, as well as our
 elevation in Liberia, and teach us to believe,
 that our condition here must liecome not better
 but worse, the longer we remain. They tell
 us, that, now we may emigrate with onr own
 free wit!; but that, the time must come, when
 we shall have no option in the matter—that
 we shall be compelled uuder the arm of stern
 necessity, to quit this and suck another coun
 ts?-
 In the report before us, the board use the j
 following language oq this point, which leaves
 no doubt as to what is paawng in their minds j
 They ought to be convinced that the 1
 friends of colonization are their fnends; that!
 it is a scheme contrived and esteemed solely
 with reference to the good of their race. Wf J
 have always professed to be the friend of the]
 colored man. We have always advocated
 colon nation as his friend, and have honestly
 believed that it presented the fairest hops and t
 the surest guarantee of his hi lure happiness.
 We axe satisfied that in thru country he never
 can enjoy a permanent house can never rise
 above his present depressed condition. He
 rl «vV] ja todijpi tit nt r,
may stay borafor yean aadyeareyattoeome
 t" b?
 In aaotbar part sftbo trport, we are told
 that oqrdrgraiiian ia a Ihred foe* M tin
 *y oar coodhfon is the free Statas it becominp
 worse, end quote with apparent pleasure, Um
 resolution paused by a tote of 99 to 43 in the
 convention of the State of Uhnoi*—met tc
 draft a new Commotion proposing to prevent
 free persons of color from settling in the State.
 They point ns to the kas of our franchise in
 this State, and to oar failure in Connecticut.
 Now, can any intelligent colored mac
 doubt, as to the injury such sentiments inflict
 upon the cause of our freedom and efevstior
 here Everything of progress and improve
 ment which has taken place in oar condition
 is carefully avoided. Our degradation, great
 as it is, is nevertheless exaggerated for tbt
 sake of proving that this is not our home
 and that elevation cannot be attained here.
 The fact colonization is now, just what it
 was twenty years ago. Those engaged in it
 are our enemies. Look through the list ol
 officers, and all find one who hat
 ever performed a single act, which looked U
 the welfare of the colored man in this country.
 From Henry Clay the President, through the
 whole list of Vice Presidents, they are cithei
 slaveholders or are pro-slavery in sentiment
 and their uniform practice. Can such a blas
 phemer as the Rev. Bishop Meade, be a friend
 to the colored man—who charges upon God
 the ordaination of slavery, and counsels the
 slaves that their masters have a just right to
 flog them f
 FRANCE.
 The intelligence from this country, pci
 steamship Cambria, which we give in another
 place, though most appalling, is by no means
 surprising to intelligent men. Considering
 the great familiarity of that people with the
 use of deadly w eapons, their great excitabili
 ty, their great patriotism and love of warlike
 demonstrations, and the intidious and danger
 ous infringement upon their rights and liber
 ties, the wonder is not that they have actually
 risen in rebellion now, but that the catastrophe
 i has been so long delayed. The fate of the
 French Government, in this instance, is
 a mirror in which tyrants, the world over,
 I may see theirs. It is impossible that the rc
 bellious spirit of enslaved humanity can al
 ways be kept under. There must be some
 effort to enjoy that freedom for which our
 God and Creator has shaped us; and wo
 betide the class, combination, or government,
 which shall presume to stand in the way of
 such effort. Such combinations or govern
 ments may succeed for a time but a revolt
 i must come; the oppressed cannot always be
 subdued, and the oppressor's power must
 wear away. They may deceive and cheat,
 hut they cannot repress the upward tendency
 of the masses towards froedoin and equal
 i rights.
 'Hie French government has long acted
 upon the notion that the people cannot be
 j trusted with their rights. The liberty of the
 press, the freedom of speech, and the right
 of assembling, have long been trampled upon
 by that government.
 i These are rights not to be disregarded with
 I impunity by any government or clan. The
 people must speak and write freely, and if
 this rignt nc disallowed, they will make them
 selves felt.
 We call upon tyrants the world over, and
 especially American tyrants, to look and
 reflect upon this late revolution in France,
 with the beginning of which even vve are
 only partially acquainted. Wc warn the
 slaveholder to learn anew, that human nature
 is still human nature, and that the time may
 not be distant when an illustration of the
 fact may be afforded nearer home than
 Paris.
 DIP We understand that Mr. Henry Bibb
 is to sail for England about the middle of
 April. He goes, on the invitation of Anti-
 Slavery friends in Newcastlc-upon-Tync, and
 will p’-obably labor under their direction while
 in England. One of the objects of his mis
 sion, and perhaps the main one, is to discour
 age the use of slave labor, and encourage that
 of free. Mr. Bibb is an eloquent speaker,
 and by a faithful exposure of slavery and
 the various inodes by which it is upheld and
 sustained, before the British public, he may
 be instrumental in doing much good in behalf
 of the slave.
 TIIE BARKER FAMILY.
 This interesting company of singers gave
 a concert last Saturday evening, at Minerva
 Hall. The audience was large and respecta
 ble, and we thought they were highly gratified
 with the entertainment. So various are the
 tastes with respect to tune, as well as color,
 that it is somewhat hazardous to venture an
 opinion of either. We arc free to say, how
 ever, that several of their songs made a deep
 impression on us, dark as we are, and called
 forth loud applause from the audience. We
 observed that those deep, rich, clear and pa
 thetic tones, which moved the hearts of our
 white fclluw-citizens, awoke in our own soul
 emotions corresponding to theirs. Some who
 looked rather savagely at us when we en
 tered, found us borne aloft with them on the
 heavenly wings of music, equally delighted
 and charmed with themselves. Now,,is it
 not too bad that colored folks’’ should dare
 to love music, and to liave the same emotions
 common to white folks Cannot something
 be done to make a distinction here Ought
 colored people be allowed to fed just like
 white folks! Is this sort of equality to be
 tolerated in this Christian country 1 Ought
 not a colored man to be worth two hundred
 and fifty dollars, in real estate, before he ven
 tures to lore mabir equally with white Ame
 rican citizens And is not here something
 requiring the immediate attention of these
 whom the people appoint to guard our most
 sacred institutions!
 Bat we are straying; we merely meant to
 notiee the singing and the singers. .They
 sung several comic songs during the evening,
 which were very weft received. They will
 however pardon as if we say that in this they
 do not excel. We advfcefhem to sing as flew
 •ueh soup as poosibte, and if any be sung,
 let Nation sing them. He has more of the
 eotalc ia his composition than either of the
 brothers. But it is on the grave, pathetic,
 sublime, grand, and terrible, that they excel.
 “The ship on fire,” ia enough to “sura fe
 ver in the blood of aft.”
 r JVitfOli ¥t tUi.s li.sil »i#i*r
tonrogimuaturaß,
gerut fljurrara uwt.
 INt. Jams McCvs* S*mT:—De*a Si*,
 —I have eel wholly forgotten my premise U
 yon, last line, while in your city, to semi
 you seme report of my discoveries, while i»
 a visit to the lands given to many of oar bre
 thren, by that prince of philanthropists,
 Gerrit Smith. Ton have a right to claim
 from me an apology for not baring fulfilled
 that promise at an earlier day. On my return
 from that excursion in September last, 1
 fiuinii my fomily m deep affliction, and one d
 our dear children lying dead in the house
 'Hits sudden bereavement L added to the carw
 and labors that dcvaN|ffll|fflk&gt;n me, on mi
 return to the church of which 1
 have the pastoral charge, took entire poases
 sion of my thoughts, and engrossed my time
 for several months so that it has been onlj
 within a few weeks that I have been able k
 attend to general correspondence.
 1 went in my own conveyance, and devotee
 nearly seven weeks to the survey. On mi
 route, I accepted many krittii in to giv&lt;
 lectures on Slavery and Intemperance, and U
 preach in Methodist, Presbyterian, and Bap
 tist churches, and otic Universalist. 1 at
 tended, also, three camp meetings, and tool
 part in the exercises; and I did not fail to lei
 them know, that in this land of camp meet
 ings, Bibles, and churches, there are three
 null ions of slaves' who have no Bible, nc
 church, no camp meeting no w ife, no child,
 that they can call their own but in the room
 of these blessings, arc sold in the market,
 with oxen, and sheep, and other cattle. Foi
 I did think, from the preaching of all theii
 ministers, that they had either forgotten oi
 i did not know this. Only one of the congre
 gations that I addressed was colored. You
 j readily perceive that I had a good oppor
 tunity of seeing many of the people, as well as
 much of the country through which I passed.
 I Most of my time was spent in Essex and
 1' ranklin Counties, where is the greater part
 ot the lands that hare been given to our
 people.
 I visited in person many of these lands,
 j and made particular inquiries respecting those
 I had not time to see. Tn Essex County,
 judging from my own observations, and from
 the statements made to me, by the most trust
 worthy men, I feel confident in saying, that
 the farms given by Mr. Smith, with very few
 except are as good land as any man
 can need. In Franklin County, I visited
 j many more of the lands in person, than I did
 in Essex. I found some there that I consi
 dered first-rate; many that would not be good
 I tillage, but are very valuable for the
 I timber upon them and not one that is worth
 less. The timber in that region is coining to
 be sought after more and more by the lumber
 morchants, who are multiplying their saw-
 J mills. So that I am sure those who will hold
 1 on to and take care of their lots, cannot fail,
 in a few' years, to derive from them a haud
 som e income. Already depredations are
 made upon them; so that it is much to be
 desired that settlements should be made there
 I speedily, for the protection of the lands.
 I come now to an unpleasant part of my
 story but fidelity to our brethren, whose lots
 have fallen in that part of the state, and to
 our nohle Ix-ncfnctor, demands that I should
 keep nothing back. I found that a high
 handed game had been played upon many ol
 our colored brethren, who had gone there, to
 visit the lands of which they had received the
 I deeds and feeling sure that there are many
 i unprincipled persons there, who are standing
 j rcad y tl»e like game upon others, 1
 i wiah to put them on their guard. Of course
 i &gt;t is necessary for one unacquainted with the
 i country, to procure a guide or pilot, to enable
 him to find the object of his pursuit; and he
 will not fail to meet with those who are very
 ready to afford—nay, who eagerly proffer him
 their sei vices. But there is need that he
 should be very careful to w lwin he entrusts
 himself, else lie may be kept several days and
 nights travelling ia the woods, and at length
 be shown a very dueiraWc lot, and be charged
 twelve shillings or two dollars a-day for tlie
 service of the pilot, and after all, may never
 have been near the lot that is really his or
 he may be taken to a very undesirable spot—
 perhaps a mountain peak or an irrecoverable
 swamp, and when he has paid well for the
 toil of bis pilot, that has ended in blank dis
 appointment, he will be kindly offered four or
 five dollars for his estate, and be made to
 think himself happy, to get rid of it so well.
 I heard of one man, at least, who was in this
 way cheated out of his farm, which he never
 i saw, for thu paltry sum of twenty shillings.
 I gathered the facts, on which I rest these
 intimations of danger, from the jokas I heard
 passing around among the men w ho had per
 petrated these villanies, and from respectable
 persons in the neighborhood, who had heard
 of them, and from the clerks of the counties
 in whose offices the transfers of the properties
 were recorded.
 My best advice to my brethren is, not to
 venture in search of their farms, unless they
 can read and write, or ia the company of tried
 friends who cun do both. Wbeliever they
 go, they should, in the first place see the
 clerk of the county in Elizabethtown, Essex
 County; or Malone, Franklin County; or
 in Gate Pleasant, Hamilton County—where
 ever their lands may lie get their deeds re
 corded, and take from the recorder the advice
 he may give, to assist them in finding the lot
 described take with them the number of
 their lot, and any other hint that may
 enable them to know when they have found
 them. They may then, if their lots are in
 Essex County, resort to Alfred S. Spooner
 or J. Gay, Esq., in Elizabethtown to Uriah
 11. MihiTls, Keene; to J. Tobcy, Jr., Jav;
 to \Y endell Lansing, in Williamston or to
 William M. Flack, Ausable Forts. If then
 lauds be in Franklin County, they will do
 well to put themselves under the guidance ot
 the Merilln, in Meriiville or of Ratmollira
 Bigelow, not for from Malone, if they will
 keep a sharp look-out foe him. They most
 sot be serprised, if they meet with many
 persons ready to discourage them, by speak
 ing disparagingly of the lands, and of the
 noble benefactor win has green them. Let
 them. keep theftr own counsel, refrain from
 disputation, stijl more from intoxicating liquor,
 which they will snd there in great quantity
 and high repute. Let them press on diligent
 ly U&gt; the end of their journey.
 Every lot hat been narked with namben
 give* is the deeds; end if the merles should
 i, Y-. i )t
be so longer discernible, there axe means of
 ascertaining white they were. Amend
 every tea on which tLe figures were over
 grained, there wiQ be fouod tales, edited wit
 leaeee, the* are blued, as they my in that
 country. In this way, or m some other
 wmiiar to h, one ms y know whether be has
 armed at a spot where a landmark was fixed
 by the surveyor; and if it be the spot where
 be has reason to expect to find the number he
 is m search of, he may preen me it was once
 there, if he finds the witnesses. But un
 doubtedly in almost every case, the numbers
 themselves may be found, if the pilots con
 duct to the right places. My last advtoe to
 our brethren is, not to sell their land for a
 song. They can be no poorer for keeping it.
 Mr. Smith has not given away any lots that
 are not worth something now and in the
 course of a few years, they must rise in
 value, and may hereafter furnish them or
 tlicir children with comfortable homes, where
 they nay be happy, and useful tu the world
 and themselves.
 May the Lord direct in all things!
 With great respect, I am, Sir,
 Your obedient Servant,
 J. W. LOGUEN
 Syracuse, March 16, 1818.
 Nor*.—All papers friendly to colored men, arr
 respectfully requested to republish the above, parti
 cularly the Tree American, the llcrkimcr Freeman,
 Liberty Press, Albany Patriot, the Rain’s Horn,
 Anti-Slavery Standard, ami Liberator.
 COLORED CHURCHES.
 Mu. Editor :—The North Star, of Feb.
 23th, contains an article that seems to reflect
 upon me rather severely, and you will there
 fore do me a favor, hy allowing me to be heard
 in my own defence. lam not aw#re that my
 conduct has given you any just occasion tosav
 that I have taken tip my pen to write for a
 pro-slaverys&gt;aper, in defence of white minis
 ters and churches, linked as they are with the
 blood-stained church and evangelical man
 stealer of the South.”
 1 am also at a loss to know', what good rea
 son Mr. Douglass has, to impute to me bad
 motives simply because I do not think as he
 happens to think about separate organiza
 tions and much less am I able to account
 for such an unchristian gladiatorial thrust, as
 Mr. Douglass makes, when he calls me the
 recreant Keverend Mr. Collins, who though a
 black man himself, is w illing for the sake of
 gaining the good will of his oppressors, to play
 the part of a clerical sycophant.”
 Now, Mr. Douglass, you seem to assume
 that no man can differ from your notions, and
 still be a sane and honest man, just as though
 j yourself were the great fountain-head of sani
 ty and honesty the great oracle that every
 black” man must consult or die. It may be
 I a startling, and even a painfully amazing”
 idea to you sir, that a sane aivl ltonest man
 j can dare to disagree with you, yet such is the
 fact. As to my writing for a pro-slavery pa
 per, that is a dishonest assumption on yoftr
 part; I hate slavery and its advocates, as cor
 dially as any Christian can. The truth is, you
 did your best in Springfield, to oppose prinei
 pies, that 1 honestly think correct, and I deem
 it my duty, to speak through the papers my
 sentiments if I am agreater sinner for having
 my article published in tlie pro-slavery pa
 per,” (as you arc pleased to call it,) than you
 are, for publishing your sentiments in the
 i pro-slavery” Town Hall, why then I am
 sorry. As to playing the part of a clerical
 sycophant, I am not so ready to plead guilty
 at your first nod my opinion is, that colored
 1 people are more improved with churches of
 their own, then they would bo w ithout them.
 If you think differently, very well, that isyuur
 privilege hut it is not your duty to denounce
 |me so unhandsomely and so unjustly, Your
 paper is your own but justice is mine, as
 I well as yours, shame” will not cover me,
 simply because you blow at mo with a scorn
 ful breath. But I will not defend myself fur
 ther in concluding, I will suggest for your
 i future consideration snd discussion, a few
 questions:
 Ist. If we disband according to your re
 commendations, would you have us join the
 corrupt white churches, linked as they are,
 with the blood-stained church and evangelical
 man-stealers of the South,” as you, without
 exception call them.
 2d. To what extent shall we disband, and
 go and demand admission” to the white as
 sociations
 3d. Shall we have Mr. Douglass set the
 first example, by dismissing his colored coad
 jutors in his printing establishment, and
 knocking loudly at the door of the white”
 printer, demanding to be admitted to equal”
 editorship
 4. Who are to determine the degrees of
 “equal demand” for brotherhood! Early
 and full answers will much oblige.
 L. COLLINS,
 Springfield, March 3,1848.
 EULOGY TO JOH.M Q. ADAMS.
 Monday evening last, the Methodist Church
 on Fitzhugh »trwt was filled hy a large audi
 ence to hear an address, by Chancellor Whit
 tlesey, on the life, character and death of him
 who has seen the last of earth,” but who
 yet lives, and w ill long live, in the memory of
 millions. The address was, we understand,
 given by request of the Common Council of
 the city, and was an able tribute to the me
 mory of the departed. The spanker gave a
 brief sketch of his long and constant public
 services, and dweh with much ability amd
 truthfulness on ha high sense of duty, his
 untiring application, and the constant Her
 culean labors of his long life. The hearers
 Listened with a fixed attention, which showed
 how much they were interested in all that per
 tained to the old man eloquent.” We were
 gratified to hear the speaker dwell upon Mr.
 Adams’ defcoce of the right of petition an
 unong bin noblest acta, and speak of ha
 braving without fear the displeasure ai the
 slaveholders also, to hear his defence o the
 A maud captives alluded to ass praise worthy
 deed. In the course of the address, an aßu
 sion was made to the peculiar statesman,”
 Henry Clay, and the murmur of applause
 showed the enthusiasm with which the as me
 of the great mao-sfeakir was received. It was
 painful to feel and know that there was a
 ma tr ic that name which stirred the beans
 of many mere, even, than iho thought of the
 iong, unflinching struggle of John Q. Adams
 again* Um efforts of the nUvocrnsy to gag
 the freemen of the North. G. B. S. j
 Iff# ntt? t MBS V M V*'
REPORT
 Of Anti-Slmvrf M*rtm r» MH m Sr,,«
 TWrA, Marti ««W StrtH
 Marti UrA, W4B.
 The recent articles in the North Si ar ~n
 colored church**, bate given rise to nmrj,
 discussion in Tanous sections of the reentry
 In this city the colored societies invited if.
 Ikraglass to address them, that he might
 frw ly and fully give utterance to his conr*.
 tram on the influences of slavery,
 with the obstacles which retarded, and the
 means to promote its removal.
 On Monday evening, March f*tb, the p j
 Street Baptist Church was filled by an attetv
 tire audience, though not exclusively colored.
 Mr. Douglass commenced his address b»
 grateful expression for the kindness of h 4
 brethren in affording him an opportunity very
 much desired by him, of meeting and talking
 with them on the great subject of humvn
 nghts. Ho was aware that many dilbred
 from him but nevertheless the spirit of
 dom which they had extended towards him
 I would prompt him to speak as in his judg
 ment the cause demanded.
 One of the greatest obstacles in the way of
 emancipation, was the misapprehension ex
 isting in the public mind, as to the principles
 which guided the Abolitionists in their ag
 gressions upon American slavery,
 j Slavery being regarded by them as the
 sum of alt villames,*’ thuy felt morally
 i bound to put forth all means m .their power
 to break the tyrant's yoke, that the oppressed
 might go free. Slavery i» the cause rf the
 unholy prejudice against color, so prcvaltut
 at the North. It is the fountain from whence
 springs the vast category of the evil* of so
 ciety therefore the system of slavery should
 excite the moral indignation and provoke tin*
 persevering warfare of every true-hearted
 man and woman in the land. Consistent
 with this feeling, every pro-slavery influence
 is a legitimate object for anti-slavery to com
 bat. These influences aa* developed u\
 church and state, and in the entire structure
 of Society.
 i The American Church, as has been so ap
 propriately termed by James Li. Birney, is
 the bulwark of slavery. Nearly every sect
 is directly implicated in this giant crime.
 They are either dumb on the subject, or
 engaged in apologizing for the slaveholder and
 maintaining fraternal church relations iih him.
 Sheep-stealing they regard as criminal, while
 man-stealing they endorse. They practically
 deny the brotherhood of the human family
 separating men into classes; treating uuh
 scorn ami contumely those who differ fn m
 themselves in complexion. Abolitionists could
 have no fellowship with regard to such or
 ganizations as Christian for in refusing to do
 their duty towards man, they were false to
 God and no other worship is acceptable m
 llw sight, unless preceded by regard for
 their fellow men.
 He was well aware of the Anti-Christian
 prejudices which had excluded many colored
 persons fioin white churches, and the eonse
 quent necessity for erecting their own places
 of worship! This evil he would charge upon
 its originators, and not the colored people.—
 Hut such a necessity did not now rxist to the
 extent of former years. There were socie
 ties where color was not regarded ns a test of
 membership, and such chinches ho deemed
 more appropriately the place tor colored men
 than exclusive or isolated organizations
 Ho looked upon all coniplexioual distinctions
 —such as negro jh ws, negro berths in steam
 boats, negro cars, Sabbath or week-day
 schools or churches, ic., &amp;c.—a* direct ob
 stacle* to the progress of reform, as the means
 of continuing the slave in his chains.
 It is the policy of pro-slavery to keep col
 ored people by themselves, which he thought
 a sufficient reason for colored people not to
 obey any such wicked mandate. They wi re
 men and women, and so regarded by their
 Ileaveuly f ather w ho ever counselled other
 wise, be lie white or black, is a traitor to the
 cause of human equality.
 The Churches tn the land are indifferent to
 the cries ami groans of slavery’s bleeding
 victims. Within their embrace,are found slave
 owners, and slave-drivers, men, women, and
 children whippers. Would slavery exist to
 this day hail the church been faithful» No,
 no—his audience knew full well. Mr. I).
 here read extracts from the slave laws, com
 menting upon them in detail, as one whose
 experience was authunty sufficient. The
 graphic picture of the suffering* meted out to
 his brethren at the South the indignities
 heaped upon them by those who received no
 rebuke from their fellow members at borne, or
 even at the North, were feelingly appreciated
 by his audience—many an eye glistened,
 many sighs esoajied whose personal
 testimony was thus appealed to.
 Under such circumstances, he remarked,
 there was no time for him to build up pro
 slavery churches, but to urge on ius brethren
 to hasten, by their exertions, that day when
 the lash, the branding iron, would no mure
 be used in the li-ceration of American bond
 men.
 He would have colored men and women
 consistent in their hatred of slavery', and put
 away from them everything affording it any
 countenance; they should feel willing to
 practise self-denial. Pluck out the right eyo
 and cutoff the right hand, if necem-ary to the
 emancipation of their brethren at the South,
 and elevation of themselves at the North for
 much depended ou their integily and moral
 discernment in correcting public opinion on the
 subject of slavery and means for it* abolition.
 The prospects already arc brightening, the
 energies of ail true hearts are with them ir*
 the struggle; improvements are visible in
 several Northern States; colored n and
 women are becoming reader» and thinkm.—
 Equal school privilege* are soon to be extend*
 ed, he hoped, in various sections of the coun
 try If the colored man will pot forth bis abili
 ties, respect himself, imitate the white man ia
 enterprise and virtue, but reject la* vie®*,
 better day will »uou dawn upon the laud,
 and man be known an man, and not he sub
 jected to Uow® unholy tests only fit for
 heathen in* work for the anticipated
 fuhitse.
 The interest created at tho above mseung,
 increased a desire for another gathering,
 which was promptly responded to by the
 Methodist Society, who opened their doors,
 bidding all who would to come and deliberate
 with them on the datura enjoined upon thoee
 who would rid the lend of slavery. Accord
 ingty, a large audience convened at the af&gt;
 pointed hour.
