I? oetra.
iFrom the National Era.]
 A SABBATH SCENE.
 BY -f. G. WHITTIER.
 Scarce had the solemn Sablwth bell
 Oaied quivering in the steeple,
 Scarce had the parson to bis desk
 Walked stately through his people—
 When down the summer-shaded street
 A wasted female figure,
 With dusky brow and naked feet,
 Came rushing wild and eager.
 She saw the while spire through the trees,
 She heard the sweet hymn swelling;
 Oh, pitying Christ! a refuge give
 That poor one in Thy dwelling!
 Like a scared fawn liefore the hounds,
 Right up the aisle she glided,
 While close behind l»er, whip in hand,
 A lank-haired hunter strided.
 She raised a keen and bitter cry.
 To Heaven and Earth appealing:
 Were manhood’s generous pulses dead,
 Had woman's heart no feeling 1
 A score ol stout hands rose between
 The hunter and the flying;
 Age clenched his staff, and maiden eyes
 Flashed tearful, yet defying.
 Who dates profane this house and day V*
 Cried out the angry paritor.
 Why, I dess your sord, the wench’s a slave,
 Asd I’m her lord and master!
 I’ve law and gospel on my side,
 And who shall dare refuse met”
 Hown came the parson, bowing low,
 My good sir, pray excuse roe!”
 “Of course I know your right divine
 To own and work and whip her;
 Quick, deacon, throw that Folyglott
 Before the wench, and trip her!”
 Dump dropped the holy tome, end o’er
 lis sacred pages stumbling,
 Round hand aud foot, a slave once more,
 The hapless wretch lay trembling.
 I saw the parson tie the knots,
 The while his flock addressing,
 The Scriptural claims of slavety
 With text on text impressing.
 “Although,” said lie, “on Sabbath day,
 All secular occupations
 Ate deadly sins, we must fulfil
 Our moral obligations:
 “And this commends itself as one
 To every conscience tender;
 As Paul sent back Onesimus,
 My Christian friends, we send her!”
 Shriek rose on shriek; the Sabbath air
 Her wild cries tore asunder;
 I listened, with hushed breath, to henr
 God answering with his thunder'
 AH still!—the very altar’s cloth
 Had smothered down her shrieking,
 And, dumb, she turned from face to face.
 For human pity seeking!
 I saw her dragged along the aisle,
 Her shackles harshly slanking;
 1 heard the parson, over all,
 The Lord devoutly thanking!
 Mv brain look fire: Is this,” I cried,
 The end of prayer and preaching?
 Then down with pulpit, down with priest,
 And give us nature’s teaching!
 Foul shame and scorn be on ye all
 Who turn the good to evil,
 And steal the Bible from the Lord,
 And give it to the Devil?
 Than garbled text, or parchment law,
 I own a statute higher,
 And God is true, though every book
 And every man’s a liar!”
 Just then I felt the deacon’s ham!
 In wrath my coat-tail seize on;
 I heard the priest cry Infidel!”
 The liwyer mutter, Treason!”
 1 started up—where now were church,
 Slave, master, priest, and people?
 I only heard the suppei-beil,
 Instead of clanging steeple.
 I woke; audio! the fitting cause
 Of all rny dream’s vagaries—
 Two bulky pamphlets, Webster’s text
 With .Stuart’s commentaries!
 But, on the open window’s sill,
 O’er which the white blooms drifted,
 The pages of a good old Book
 The winds of summer lifted.
 And flower and vine, like angel wings
 Around the Holy Mother,
 Waved softly there, as if God’s Truth
 And Mercy kissed each other.
 And freely, from the cherry bough
 Above the casemeat swinging,
 With golden bosom to the sum,
 Tlie oriole was singing.
 As bird and flower made plain of ok!
 The lessons of the Teacher,
 Ho now I heard tlie written Word
 Interpreted by Nature!
 For to my ear meihonghl the breeze
 Bore Freedom’s blessed word on;
 Thus sail!) the Lord: Break ev’ry yoke,
 I'kdo the heavy bcrpek*
 ICHABOD.
 »V i. (i. WHITTIER.
 fallen, so lost! the light withdraw,)
 Which once he wore!
 Tim glory from his gray liair gone
 Forevermore!
 Revile hinj not—tlie Tempter hath
 A snare for all;
 And pitying tears, not scorn and wrath,
 Befit his fall.
 O dumb be passion’s stormy rage,
 When he who might
 Have lighted up and led his age,
 FaHs back in night.
 Scorn! would tlie nation laugh to mark
 A bright soul driven.
 Fiend-goaded, down the endless dark.
 From hope and heaven?
 Let not the land once prowl of him
 Insult him now,
 Nor brand with deeper shame his dim
 Dishonored brow.
 But let iu humble sou*., instead,
 From sea to lake,
 A long lament as for die dead,
 in sadness make.
 Of all we loved and honored, nought
 Save power remains—
 A fallen ange.’s pride of thought.
 Still strong in chain*.
 All else is gone; from those great eyes
 The soul has fled;
 When laitii is lost, when honor dies,
 The man is dead!
 'Then pay the reveience of old days
 To his dead fame,
 Walk Ixtckward with Averted gate,
 And hide the shame
JHiotrUatmmo.
From (he New-Eo*lender,
 JOHN OREENLEAF WHITTIER.
 “There,” said our driver, “is the
 birth-place of John G. Whittier,”
 whilst he pointed to a plain farm-house
 on the edge of the town of Haverhill,
 situated a short walk from the roadside,
 —or, as the poet himself describes the
 old homestead, “Our farm house was
 situated in a lonely valley, half sur
 rounded with woods, with no neighbors
 in sight.”
 Soon after my arrival at the busy and
 beautiful village of Amerbury, where
 the great poet of humanity now lives,
 1 ascertained his whereabouts, and
 gave him a letter of introduction, writ
 ten by our mutual friend, W. A. W
 an untiring co-laborer in the
 work-field of reform. I found him at
 home, in his modest little Quaker cot
 tage, where his friends and visitors are
 sure to meet with a kind reception. On
 the adjoining lot is another nest in the
 bushes, where a family of singers give
 vocal utterance to the melody Whittier
 writes. Mr. W. responded to the rap
 at the door, and invited me to take a
 chair, in a plain, neat room which com
 mands a view of a large and beautiful
 garden, where he spends a share of
 his leisure time when his health will
 hermit him to work there. He gave
 me an introduction to his excellent
 mother, and after a little chat on the
 common topics of conversation, politely
 invited me to remain and take tea with
 him.
 I knew quite well that I was in the
 presence of one of the purest-minded
 and most gifted men in America; a
 man whose name and fame are world
 wide, and “as familiar as household
 words;” a man whose mighty thoughts
 are winged with words of fire; but
 he was so unassuming, so accessible, so
 frank and so well “posted up” on all
 -natters of news, that.Vhatever subject
 is broached, one feels at home in the
 presence of a friend whilst conversing
 with him. This eminent poet of the
 slave is about forty years of age. Hie
 temperament is nervous-billious. He
 is tall, slender, and straight as an In
 dian. He has a superb head; his brow
 looks like a white cloud under hie
 raven hair. His eyes are large and
 black as sloes, and glowing with ex
 pression. He belongs to the society
 of Friends, and in matters of dress
 and address, he is a Quaker of “the
 strictest sort.” Should a stranger meet
 him in the street, with his collariesi
 coat and broad-brimmed hat, he would
 not discover anything remarkable in
 his appearance. He certainly would
 not dream that he had seen the Ellioti
 of America. But, uncover his head
 and see those star-like eyes flashing
 under his magnificent forehead, and he
 would see at a glance that a greal
 heart, a great soul, and a great intel
 lect, must light up such a radiant 'fron
 tispiece. His* fellow townsmen art
 proud of his fame, and well they mu&gt;
 be, for Amesbury will be known al
 over the world, to the end of time, a t
 the residence of John G. Whittier,
 “the poet of the poor.”
 Mr. Whittier is a philanthropist
 He saw poor* down-trodden, heart
 broken Humanity, with its aching head
 pillowed on the snow-covered moun
 tains of the North, its blistered feel
 clanking chains in the rice and sugar
 fields of the South, its outspread hands
 and bleeding arms reaching from the
 rising to the setting sun. He saw it
 loaded with fetters, trampled in the
 dust, robbed, beaten, and “left for
 dead,” and whilst its blood cried to
 heaven for vengeance, men with
 crowns, mitres, crucifixes and censers
 passed by on the other side, and the
 bashful country boy rebuked kings,
 dukes, presidents, priests, Levites,
 bigots, zealots and politicians, because
 they heaped qp the burden, and rive
 ted the gyves, and swung th&amp; gory
 lash, whilst he cheered the good Sama
 ritans who with their tears washed
 away the crusted blood from the
 wounds, healed the crushed heart, and
 made it leap for joy, whilse they ele
 vated Humanity so that it stood with
 the angels. His sou) burns with fiery
 indignation against oppression and all
 acts of inhumanity.
 Wherever he discovers the talisman
 of intellect, he recognizes a brother;
 “though his skin and bones were of
 •the color of night, they are trans
 parent, and the everlasting stars shine
 through them with attractive beams.”
 He knows that complexion is not a
 crime, crisped hair is not a sin, thick
 lips are not a transgression, and he has
 bared his arms to avert the blow that
 would plough the quivering flesh of the
 toil-worn slave. He has heard the
 wail of the distracted mother, who,
 like Rachel, refuses to be comforted
 because her child has been torn from
 her bosom and sold into hopeless servi
 tude, where her eye cannot pity his
 sorrows, where her hand cannot alle
 viate its distress; and he has denounced
 such fiendish cruelty with an eloquence
 and pathos approximating to inspira
 tion. He has seen hollow-hearted
 statesmen tear the stripes from our flag
 and put them on the backs of our
 countrymen, and he has spiced sheets
 that will preserve such mummies in the
 amber and pitch of infamy forever;
 He has seen the fugitive flying from
 the house of bondage, with hunters
 and blood-hounds on his track in hot
 pursuit, and he has shouted, “God
 speed the slave!” until lungless echo
 has repeated the cry on every hill-top
 of the free North. He has seen where
 the red-hot branding-iron has been
 pressed on the shrinking flesh of a
 freeman’s hand, until the sizzling blood
 spouted from the wound, and the an
 gel of his muse touched his lips with
 a burning coal from the altar of God,!
 whilst he immortalized the patient hero,
 and annihilated everything but the
 damnable infamy of the heartless,
 soulless persecutors.
 Mr. Whittier is a sincere lover of
 truth and right, and his language is,
 “In vain and long, enduring wrong,
 the weak may strive against the strong,
 but the day shall yet appear, when the
 might with the right and truth shall
 be, and come what there may to stand
 in the way, that day the world shall
 see.” (Pardon my drawing the lines
 into prose shape. I quote from memo
 ry, and fear I might do still greater
 injustice to the author by measuring
the sentiment off into verse.) Such
 men as he are excluded from the South,
 but slaveholders can no more keep out
 his sentiments thun the fool could keep
 the wind out of the barn-yard by clos
 ing the gate. Judging by the emotions
 excited by his writting, we are led to
 the conclusion that he usually writes
 with tears in his eyes, but a certain
 magazine publisher, whose likeness
 accompanied one of the numbers of
 his magazine, can testify that his satire
 punishes like the sting of a scorpion.
 Head the following lines:—
 “A moony breadth of virgin face,
 By thought unviokited.
 A patient mouth to take from acorn
 The hook with bank-notes butted,
 Its self-complacent sleekness shows
 How thrift goes with the fawne,
 An unctuous unconcern for all
 Which nice folks call disho nor.”
 Whittier’s poetry is eloquence mea
 sured with a golden reed, ‘logic, on
 fire,” pathos crying in the notes of the
 nightingale, philosophy playing on the
 harp, humor laughing in numbers, wit
 rained down from heaven in a shower
 of stars* His writings are not free
 from imperfections of style and senti
 ment, but men seldom notice pebbles
 while they Joo£ at the lights in the
 cerulean arch above. He is the au
 thor of several volumes of prose, which
 are widely circulated. He is a man
 of great versatility of talent. His
 verses are full of philosophy, beauty
 and sublimity. He sympathizes with
 the unfortunate, and chastises the op
 pressor with a whip of adders. In some
 of his patriotic appeals he reminds us
 of the old prpphets. Had Isaiah lived
 in he might have written
 the following lines without impairing Ilia
 reputation:—
 “Now, by our filbert* ashes! where*t the spirit
 Of the true-liearted and the unshackled gone?
 Sous of the old freginen, do we but inherit
 Their names alone?
 Is the old Pilgrim spirit quenched within us?
 Stoops the proud manhood of onr tout so low
 That mammon’s lures or party’* wile can win us
 To silence now?
 No! When our land to min’s brink is verging,
 In God’s name let us speak while there is time!
 Now, when the padlocks for our li|ts are forging,
 SILENCF. FOR CRIME!
 Some ot his best have been
 published in beautiful style in Boston
 lataly, but the work is so expensive the
 masses are not able to buy it. His
 writings do not need such costly em
 bellishments to be appreciated, any
 more than the sun needs a stained win
 dow through which to shine. The lark
 and the nightingale need not the cos
 tume of the peacock to ensure admira
 tion. Mr. Whittier is one of the editors
 of the National Era, and I must say, in
 whisper, to the ladies, he is a
 bachelor. Crayton.
From the New York Independent.
 A PUZZLE FOR PHILEMON.
 Rev. Dr. Eli Noyes, the distinguish
 ed Hebrew scholar of the Free-will
 Baptists, and now pastor of the Roger
 Williams Church of Providence, writes
 to the Morning Star an interesting ac
 count of a modern Onesimus whom he
 had ‘begotten,’ not in his ‘bonds,’ but
 amid the joyful feelings of one who has
 escaped from a bondage worse than
 death. Perhaps some of the signers
 ofthe letters to Mr. Webster have been
 so long strangers to the feeling of
 spiritual parentage, that it would be
 idle to appeal to such sensibilities as
 Paul expressed to Philemon. But
 there are thousands of Christian pastors,
 to whom no casuistry could confute
 the candid conclusion of Mr. Noyes.
 A FUGITIVE FROM SLAVERY.
 ‘Yesterday we baptized, in the Roger
 Williams Church, a man, who recent
 ly escaped from one of our States,
 where he was held in slavery. Now,
 we suppose it was right enough for the
 church to receive him to fellowship
 upon a profession of his faith, and for
 us to baptize him; even slaveholders,
 understand, do the same. But what are
 we todo with him now? Some of our
 great men, statesmen, divines, &amp;c.,
 have been calling us back ‘to our con
 stitutional duties,’ which they sat re
 quire us to send the fugitive back to
 his master. Now, we wish to be good,
 peaceable and obedient citizens. We
 by no means wish to favor any fanatic
 ism that would destroy o'ur glorious
 Union. We wish to act deliberately,
 rationally and charitably in this affair,
 and yet we do not see how we can send
 our brother back into slavery; for, to
 tell the plain truth, he won’t go, and
 should we advise him to do so,and send
 a letter by him, as Paul did by his con
 vert,Onesimus, he would only doubt
 our friendship, and we are confident
 no modern Philemon of the South would
 receive our epistle from his hand.
 Well, considering that the man has
 been sold four times, and has had a
 pretty decent quantum of flogging, we
 cannot blame him. He does not be
 lieve that even his profession of Chris
 tianity would shield him from the awful
 lash, for Philemou of late has become
 fearfully impartial towards all run
 aways, saint and sinner—brother ac
 cording to th« flesh, and brethren
 according to the Spirit, must share the
 same fate from his implacable hand.
 Upon the whole,'we conclude that we
 shall not send our brother back into
 slavery till God gives us another Bible,
 from which we do not read, ‘Thou shall
 not deliver unto his master, the servant
 which is escaped from his master unto
 thee. He shall dwell with thee, even
 among you, in that place which he
 shall choose, in one of thy gates, where
 it liketh him best; thou shalt not op
 press him.’ Deut. 23: 15, 16. No,
 we shall not send him back till God
 effaces the last sentiment of humanity
 which he has written with his own
 finger upon our hearts. Neither shall
 we let any one take him away. We
 believe our brother is about as safe
 among us as he would be in Canada.
 Though many of us are great peace
 men, yet we think it would be a very
 difficult affair indeed for any gang of
 man-stealers to kidnap and carry off
 our friend.’ —x. n.
 HOW A MAN FORETELLS THE TIME
 or his death. I know not whether 1
 sent you some curious facts respecting
 vivaciousness, but I have met with
 enough to lead to important physiolo
 gical conclusions, and, in particular to
 explain the sufficiently common fact
 of six persons fixing the hour of their
 death, and living exactly to that time;
 the simple solution is, that they would
 else have died tooner. Southey to Col
 eridge, -«r
THE GIPSIES OF HUNGARY.
The food of the Hungarian Gipsies
 is commonly the flesh of animals which
 have died, which they consider very
 dainty, and prefer to that which is
 killed. They make no difference of
 kind; swine, lambs, calves, game and
 beasts or birds of pray, are all alike
 acceptable. The only kind of work
 they generally do, is in iron and wood,
 for kitchen utensils. They ptetend,
 besides, to cure sick cattle: but their
 main resources are begging and steal
 ing, in which they show their highest,
 and, indeed, most astonishing talents.
 We have often observed this personal
 ly. They can exercise the most re
 markable power over dogs.
 In Hungary, every house has one
 or more of those animals, of the largest
 and most savage kind. It is extremely
 dangerous for a stranger to enter an
 unknown court yard where one of
 them is&gt;loose; but you may have the
 most savage dog possible, and as soon
 as a gipsy enters the yard, he appar
 ently does not see him, but licks his
 paw or sleeps, and immediately the
 fellow stands in your kitchen or saloon,
 and begs. His begging flows most
 fluently from his lips: and the more
 you give him, the more fluently he
 begs afresh. But the thankfulness of
 the gipsies is as grateful as their beg
 ging is doggish and intolerable. At
 houses where they receive regularly
 something, however little, they fre
 quently sleep before the threshold for
 its security; for as the different bands
 correspond with each other, they carry
 out in unsion their gratitude or ven
 geance. If -you have once done a
 gipsy a good turn, you will never atter
 be either robbed or betrayed by one
 of his people. On the contrary, if you
 remove afterwards, to the most distant
 part of the country, and a snare be set
 for you, either by thieves, robbers, or
 political opponents, or even it anything
 be undertaken against you by the
 courts of government, you may be sure
 some gipsy will stand suddenly before
 you in the dusk of evening, and warn
 you of what is coming. But it you un
 justly treatd a gipsy, your family and
 properly will be as if outlawed, the ob
 ject of vengeance to every gipsy band.
 The huts of the domiciled gipsies are
 commonly built of clay, covered with
 straw or reeds, with narrow oriental
 windows, and door unfastened. Irreg
 ular marrage, dirt, laziness and a con
 tinual noise and strife reside within
 them. The women practice chiroman
 cy, or live from prostitution.
 Before we speak of the higher class,
 or aristocracy of the gipsies, we must
 say something of their music. Who
 ever has not heard the music ot the
 gipsies, cannot conceive it. Meiss
 ner says, ‘it is as if curiously crowned
 serpents were playing in an enchanted
 forest, in the clear sunshine.*
 That the violin can ‘rave and weep!
 one cannot conceive in its full meas
 ure by hearing Paganini, Old Bull,
 Sivori, Ernest, Molique, or Ghys, for
 it is only the violin of the gipsy that
 can rave and weep. I have often seen
 rigid, or languid Englishmen, and phil
 osophic Germans, when m Hungary,
 introduced into a chorda (common inn)
 upon a lonely ptusta, (plain) and over
 fiery wine hearing the melodies of the
 gipsies, suddenly spring up and dance
 as the tarantula had seized them, till
 the swarthy inuscians had ceased to
 play, when they would sink down ex
 hausted. Such an effect however, can
 the violin only produce on a wild lone
 ly pussta, in the midst ot nature’s
 grandeur and coldness, and when the
 listeners are under the inspiration of
 wine.
 The musical talent of the gipsies
 reaches its highest grade only in the
 class we have styled the aristocracy. In
 this class, the change of their manners
 in assuming the refinements of civili
 zation is so rapid and perfect, that
 one cannot see the metamorphosis
 without astonishment. A fellow that
 but a few months ago was brought
 from among his wild companions in the
 forest, unwashed, never in his life
 combed, accustomed to live on dead
 animals, becomes after so short a time
 with one of these bands, more elegant
 than a Count, more difficult to please
 in his appetite than the greatest ex
 quisite and inquiring more attention at
 a hotel than a cabinet minister. Thus
 uncommonly quick do they put on all
 the forms and manners of the elegent
 world*, moving with al} the ease and
 assurance of born aristocrats.
 But yet there is always something to
 betray the gipsv nature. First, there
 is the copper color of their countenance,
 which the greatest care at the toilette
 cannot remove, and then if you enter
 his dwelling you soon see further evi
 dence of his origin. He sits himself,
 most likely, with bis feet stuck under
 the window, fiddling.. His finest clothes
 are thrown into a heap with his old
 ones, all lying together perhaps, on
 the floor pr on the bed, covered with
 feathers. The candle is stuck in a
 champaigne bottle, his pocket-book
 with cigars, is lying in the spit box,
 and in every thing within, there are
 marks of the same Russio-elegant in
 dolence which the gipsy never throws
 off.
The Census Law. —The Census
 Law of 1850 is very comprehensive.—
 The information is to embrace the pop
 ulation, profession, color, occupation,
 place of birth, number of marriages,
 deaths, the persons who can read and
 write, deaf, dumb, blind, insane, slaves,
 fugitives and manumitted; the acres of
 land improved, the cash value of each
 farm, the value of (arming implements
 and machinery, the live stock, the pro
 duce during the year ending June 1,
 1850, and the quantity of each particu
 lar article; the products of industry
 and the value; names of towns, coun
 ties, and cities; the aggregate valuation
 of real and personal estate, the amount
 of taxes assessed; the number and
 character of the public schools, the ex
 tent of the public libraries; the num
 ber, class, and circulation of the peri
 odicals and newspapers; the number of
 criminals; the cost of labor; the aver
 age price of board to a laboring mao
 per week,, the average payment of a
 carpenter per day, the average wages
 of a farm hand; the number and value
 of the churches, &amp;0., forming alto
 gether most valuable sources or public
 information and reference.— „Yw York
 Muror. m
Asjlib for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 ffepfan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 i* bow firmly established and is successful opera*
 t»a. The proprietor analyses every diseas elhat is
 aAhkted there, and applies the natural and appro
 prmte remedy. Although water is need ia everyway
 ,n y establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wish* it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on aa the onlw
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that clan of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems sf practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confided to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of tn this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been Drought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or rea
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. 'Hie treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if tfemy have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feetde to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 injthe Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Ceslivenesa, Di
 arrboca, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms. Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod ia
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten yeau, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other privatfc practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has heen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in Uieir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition nr deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being booefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 uiy all the expenses from any part of the Uuited
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, an&lt;l give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if be does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal lienefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what wil. Ire satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made 111 this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up.day after day in
 succession and also willing to he made able to en&gt;
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in (be Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif*
 ferent system of practice,
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Hotheßter, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who bare been helped in (his Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if;
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reeeption of patients
 past season, and it it believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 puritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 bltstifled.” The location is quite eligible, bejqg Imf
 a short distance from the V. It At- railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and las
 charming grounds for walk* and rambles. So tliat
 •with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, shp made ap
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearlv a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to he able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to bar health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair qf Sheets,
 a, lf a dozen towels marked, with old liaen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing. to occupy them is common
 withothers, will be charged Ipss.
 Athol, March, OJQHQE HOYT.
Free LftHr finis,
 TITANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 i,A duce Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslm for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. 3k.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J, Miller McKim, SI, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L, Miller, Tenth-street; dr to
 Janies Mott, No. 86, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on band. jul—if
Col«r*l Sailers’ Heee,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS «f the slave, and strangers oa a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Famities can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM&lt; P. POWEi L.
 May 11 ,1848
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 rllS entirely new, bi-autiful, and eminently ser
 vicabte limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 iiaspitaii in tbis country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 Anwica, is now manufactured in iSL.,
 by Messrs. Palm**,CcUxixk kHvoeoe.
 They uwr«». tube satisfaction
 RirißtHCtt.
 Drs.'Hamilton and Ssraouk, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gahsox, Batavia.
 Drs. Wassrxa and Moo**, Rochester.
 Dr. Pott**, Gotham,.(who wears one.)
 Dr. Ho««v, Byname. k wpl4-«w
H*lste4’s Eclectic Heflctl lulltate,
 Water-Care Ettalftskaeit.
 rllS Institution has bm ia successful operation
 danag fovtcaa years, for tfeeaareof all Chronic
 Diseases, aad such as caaaot be removed by rnedi
 cine alone. 9
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health aad usefulness
 by tbe treatment panned at thia Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who fend been confined to their
 beds for yenra, aad who were almost in dtapair,
 have had renewed bone aad courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring wider CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 w, th their accomp.inuneam- u DYS
 PEPS* A,RHEUMATTSiTnEURAI.G U, COR
 ol the USE OF THE
 LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, aad a host of other diseases
 arumc from thn same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferer* we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yoanelves, aad save life, time and money 1
 m« are using water in all tbe various ways in
 wffich it is applied in mater-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely solely upon it, or upon medicines aa
 they are generally under*'**l and applied; I Hit a
 COMBINED TRE ATM CI- t WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a mw mode of application which truly is magi*
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to he successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Fkkalk Diseases—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucnrrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the 4 turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing',
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, wlien a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treaunent, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come haudreda of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies hgve walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we trill offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and p through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 ths Institution, and board lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 boped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have s|»ent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that lie re they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female dificulties si
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con!
 lined far year*, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, ean go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin al dif-
 Acuity. To product this almost instantaneous relief
 the patient is subjected to us pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill,
 Our terms are easy. 9
 N- B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address ua [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free oi
 charge—together with the most rqppectakle refer
 ences in ihe city and country
 P. B.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can lie cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what Olliers are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to II alstrd
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. VV. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New stylea of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chinu Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also an hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities ami
 styles,
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus ia J
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4*4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Colton Handkerchief*.
 *"ilfed Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac,
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kenned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 -ru 8 1 u S ar If oo4 Quality, of various grade*.
 r whole stock exclusively Free l.abor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 qf wwwy merclianu as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 rroduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYUOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sta
 Philadelphia 2d mo, Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office ot
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 900 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87| eta- In muslin,
 and 26 cents in paper cavers- A vety liberal dis
 count to tfo»e who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights aud Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the Pcopls of tn« United States touching
 the Matter af Shivery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 190. Price 18g cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 82. Price 6 cents.
 A»U-Bl»Yery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly ou hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed 10 J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Mai his owi Physician,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 J for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatmsot
 of Diseases; with an account 01 the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving tliat state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use end dailv|pr»ctice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.»
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book dsvotod exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of fathering,
 and many other directions recj usefoi for every fain-
 Uy to know, and written supernote for fomih use,’*
 The Herb Book m tfoW solelv to JW«r
 cat Bet***, sad. wdi that point all tbs
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books areput up m 3 bound together and
 eontein 200 pages, price 26 cents, or solj separate
 as H| cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully give,
 so tliat one may he reoofuisod from another, to pre
 i. b&gt;u&gt;.
 meem of avoiding dale tenons influence*, and sash}
 otto remutsas are themed boib^
Tbe book has boon written with great care, ia
 plain, simple, ae—Mfe WW 9tpk easily to be an
 demood by every person, aad hy a praqucal pfey,;.
 ciati am! thorough botanist. We eaa recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a week tapertor
 ia all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the coaMtry,afed especially those liv
 ing in new countries ana unhealthy elimaiet, should
 not foil to procure a copy aad have it at ah times at
 band, in rase of sickness as they aught thereby by
 some simple remedy save aa e I pen si *e aad protrac
 ted doctor* bill. Whether well or sick, sack a book
 should be ia every bouse as a safe aad sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons ia
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without I*.
 T*® is put up ia Paper binding, aad can
 ***'Postage only 64 cents to any
 aariof the United States.
 Any peraoa sending us sac dollar by mail, and
 pad paying postage ea the fetter, shall have four
 copies scut him free sf postage.
 Bviia ia your order**, there is no risk in tendiac
 inoaey by mail, it comes to as daily, and the book;
 always reach inV destination.
 P\ F or f ?T U&lt; “V Oa ,u »off«ber ami send a
 dollar bill, ami have four books sent to one addr***
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to m\\
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earned to their doors. A small capital of from g2O
 to wo will be necessary for each agent. Address.
 mm pout, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1846. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y
m jmSm !kl H
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS TNI HOST
 Reaarkable External Applkatian
 Ever Discovered I
 fi“ •a
 on thaTut of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 dernil effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It i« worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great ami extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Expert
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful ami in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely foiled
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from focal causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contraction* of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and otlier
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fiktula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c, g-
 Numerous are the unsolicited stateimnia pu.
 tients themselves, and oth«s who have used the Oil,
 of cares which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 ‘hey could hardly have been credited.
 The Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 aa a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 ineml H to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swelling.,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a sate and powerful remedy where there is no
 general few iu all the above diseases) to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark*
 able manner. In bruised wounds it preveuts swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 %?£snl ER FAR ER STAGE PRO
 fKlt, I UK, if is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have beeu offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that 1 bare had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as tbe best medicine for
 ho, ED MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will bt
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by (lie use of this medicine.
 Sokl by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 AlsoJ&gt;y Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wadr
 Rochester.
 R E Gaylord, Henderson A Panderaon, Cleve'
 land, tl.; CJ Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greenman A Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, N Y.. July 13—6h4
British Periodical Literature,
 i&gt; Tlu London (frarttriy Renew, the Edinburgh Revin
 The North British Review, (Ac Westminster Rerun
 mJid Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 1, THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period!
 i- A cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand for in advance 0
 anything of the sort now published, while the poiit
 •cal complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 g candor, and forbearance, not often found in work
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great pariiei
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re.
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sines
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law. Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Browster. lu
 1 literary character is of the very highest order. Tbs
 1 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 1 is pnbliseed in England under tbo title of Thi&gt; For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 1 union of the two Reviews formerly republish'd an( j
 reprinted under separate titles, it has, theiefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,*
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, awl
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, being an exact fat-eimle of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 pricks ro* 1849, (ur subscrimd ro* kaklt.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, f 8 00 per annum
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do TOO
 5* Reviews, 800
 or wo ®d’s Mamuine, 8 00
 For Blackwood ami the S Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood lithe 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payment* to he made in allcaus in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ail the works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular su»
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 early copies.
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers U
 Blackwood’s Magazine leones to us early sheets *t
 that work, by wtaefa we toil be abb to pfoi* the
 entire number in the hasds of subscribers Lefore any
 portiwirfiuia he reprinted in any of u» American
 our subscribers we pay so large a etmasderatisa tWi
 we maybe compelled to rais* tbs pries uf the lian
 •ojwwtoation. sboaM always
 84to,Hi»r
