The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
Opposite the Arcade.)
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
TERMS.
Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a less term than
 six months.
Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-live cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advoeate
 Universal Em ancipation; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 ual improvement 0.l the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrynwn.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
03* All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederick
 DaxioLASS, Editor, Rochester, N. A'.
 i!3" Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 03“ Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 iiave a fifth copy for one year.
 j3“ All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
Uss AC HU SETTS.—R.F Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 B *.on; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W Foster, Lowell; James N. Bufi'um, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 No ij«ainptoo.
 se N nkc rtcUT.—Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 N 'V Vork.—Sydney 11. Gay, 1-12, Nassau
 Street William Hamed, Anti-Slai r ery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, W'aJts St-seet;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen .County; Maly
 Harper, Albany, l'lgas Doty, Mace Jun; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Van; J.Jeffrey, Genera; E. Platt, Bath;
 Wniis Stark, Medina, Orlean.-' t o.; William Brom
 ley, Lock port.
 Rhode Island. —Ainarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton
 Ohio.— J. .1. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Urhana, Champaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J.
 B. Barnes, Owasso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Heniy O, Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’llenry Co.
 lowa.—Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.— John James Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
Select ions.
[From the Lowell Courier,]
 SOUTHERN DICTATION IN THE
 SENATE,
The attempt of Mr. Pratt, one of the
 Whig Senators from Maryland, to
 bully Senator Seward ot New York, is
 another specimen of the peculiar tac
 tics by which the South controls the
 legislation of the country. Mr. Seward
 proposed an amendment to the Com
 promise Bill, viz: that at some fixed
 time, after the President has ascer
 tained that the Constitution of New
 Mexico is republican in its character,
 he shall have authority to issue his
 proclamation, admitting her into the
 Union. Mr. Pratt rose in a towering
 passion, and charged that the amend
 ment was a violation of the Constitution
 and could only come from a Senator
 who had pleaded that there was a
 higher law than the Constitution, and
 in conflict with it. Mr. Seward dis
 tinctly and calmly disclaimed Mr. P.'s
 verson of his remark. Mr. Pratt re
 plied with new violence, and declared
 that Mr. Seward ought to be expelled
 from the Mr. Raid win of Con- j
 necticut rose and read the objectionable
 sentenco from Mr. Seward’s‘speech,
 and defended it. Mr. Hale did the
 same, and said that if an agreement
 with Mr. Seward in such an opinion was
 an offence for which a Senator de
 served expulsion, he (Mr. Hale) and
 some others would be expelled. Mr.
 Pratt replied that he would include him
 in the motion with great pleasure. Mr.
 Atchison of Missouri and Mr. Foote
 expressed their opinions, agreeing with
 Mr, Pratt. Mr. Chase of Ohio did not
 like to hear these declarations of offen
 sive purposes; he would rather see an
 attempt made to carry them out. The
 correspondent of the N. Y. Herald says
 that Mr. Foote had a retort and a
 look from Mr. Chase,which constituted
 the most powerful argument of the day’s j
 debate. We have seen nothing like
 the instantaneous effect it produced.” j
 Mr. Clay’s assault upon John Davis
 was in similar spirit with Mr. Pratt’s j
 attack. Mr. Clay was arguing that)
 the great staple articles of the South
 would not be cultivated in New Mexi
 co, and hence slave labor would be t
 valueless there. He then went on to
 say: But the Hon. Senator from
 Massachusetts (Mr. Davis) has found
 out a new object of temptation in re
 spect to slaves in New Mexico. He
 has employed an expression which filled
 all of us with profound regret, on ac
 count of the dignity, the character ofi
 the Senator, and the high stations;
 which he has occupied He spoke of
 New Mexico being adapted to the j
 ‘breeding’ of slaves. He has had the
 good sense to omit that expression in
 his printed speech, and to substitute for
 it the ‘traffic’ in slaves. Here Mr.
 Davis, in his seat, remarked, “I be
 lieve I did not use that expression.”—J
 Mr. Clay replied, “The Senator did,
 employ it, for it was heard and noticed j
 by more than myself.” Mr. Davis
 again said that according to the best of
 his recollection he used the word ‘traf
 fic.’ Clay went on:
 “That is the language of the gen
 tleman’s speech as printed; but the
 word breeding’ was used by the gen
 tleman, or I never heard a word of the
 speech. Several Senators took note of,
 it, and we expressed how much we were
 shocked and surprised at it. It was
 one of the principal topic’s ot theSen
 ator’s'speech to talk about the cotton
 power, the cotton interest, and the
 breeding of slaves. Now if the Sena
 tor had put it on the ground of a lapsus
 linguae from the heat of debate or the
 nnguarded character of debate, Isho’d
 not insist upon attributing it to him, but
 the expression was used by him, and I
 remarked it; it was fixed upon my
 memory, and very much did I regret
 that he made use of it. This talk, sir,
 about the cotton power, the lords of the
 loom and the breeding of slaves, will
 do for the bar-rooms of cross-road tav
 erns, but 1 never hoped or expected to
 hear upon the floor of the Senate such
 epithets applied to the great manufac
 turers of the North or the cotton grow
 ers of the South.
 Then he proceeded to tell how he
 bad struggled by the side of Mr, Davis
yol. 111. NO. 34.
for protective tariffs, and how many
 Southern men and Southern States had
 stood with them, and how the Northern
 Locofoco States had gone the other
 way, and how Mr. Davis would not get
 protection to manufactures bv throwing
 out such taunts in relation to the cotton
 power or the slave breeding interest.—
 And with a great deal more of this sol
 emn kind ot humbug, he wound up as
 follows:
This charge upon the slaveholdii l
 States, for breeding slaves for ru.
 ket, is utterly false and giuu a
 No such purpose ever enters, oei.c*»
 into the mind of any slaveholder.
 takes of T:,:' slaves; he fosters
 them a d treats them often with the ten
 derness of his own children. They
 multiply on his hands, he cannot find
 employment for them, and he is ulti-
mately, but most reluctantly and pain
 fully, compelled to part with some of
 them, because of the increase of num-
bers and the want of occupation. But
 to say that it is the purpose, design or
 object of the slaveholder to breed
 slaves as he would breed domestic ani-
mals for a foreign market, is untrue in
 fact, and unkind to be imputed or ever
 intimated by any one. And it is not by
 such reproachful epithets as lords of
 the loom,” lords of the plantation,”
 “the slave power,” and the “money
 power,” that this country is to be har
 monized, especially when we are de
 bating upon these great measures which
 are essential to its onward progress,
 and to its present and future pros
 perity.”
 And John Davis submitted to this
 scourging as a plantation nigger
 would submit to a flogging from an
 overseer. He uttered not a word.—
 What cause was there for Clay’s
 grossly offensive attack? We suppose
 that it is as notorious (in spite of Mr.
 Clay’s denial) as any fact in the world,
 that the breeding” of slaves is made
 a business in some parts of the South
a matter of calculation—the sale of
 human flesh and blood. Is such a fact
 too delicate to be alluded to at all, oris
 the word breeding” too offensive for
 delicate Southern ears? The word is
 a good one; it expresses precisely' the
 fact, which “traffic” does not.’ Mr.
 Davis, in trying to express h!s meaning,
 would no doubt choose words to suit
 his case, and if he selected the word
 breeding,” he took the right word.—
 It he used that word and then expunged
 it, and denied its use, he is the mean
 est of cowards; if he did not use it, it
 was proper to say so, but he should not
 have suffered Clay’s offensive style of
 attack to pass without reply?
ICjPWe give place to Blackson’s
 communicatioti with great pleasure.—
 We were not at the meeting alluded to,
 and depended upon a friend for the
 sketch we made, who we doubt not
 gave it as correctly as he could. We
 have lived long enough to learn that no
 two men will report the same proceed
 ings alike, especially while there is ex
 citement, and such excitement as pre
 failed at the meeting. We may as
 well here say that it is the candid opin
 ion among the white folks who were
 there, that Mr. Woodson was assailed
 without cause, and that he acted more
 creditable than any of his opponents.—
 Pittsburgh Post.
 Mr. Editor: —l regret to see the
 remarks in the Post of this morning re
 specting the meetings held in this city
 by Frederick Douglass, under the
 heading “Trouble among the Anti
 slavery men. The entire article, I
 think, will make a false impression with
 respect to the character of those meet
 ings. It is stated that the Wylie street
 church was refused on Sunday, but
 on Tuesday Mr. Douglass and a large
 audience took possession of it,” Now
 this sounds as if Mr. Douglass and his
 friends, without grant or permission,
 had taken possession of the church,
 when nothing could be further trom
 the fact in the case. Mr. Douglass
 had obtained the entire consent of the
 officers of the church for the use
 of the house in qnestion. There was
 great noise and confusion.” There
 was—but where? Out of doors, caused
 by a woman, I am informed, who, un
 der the window of the church, at
 tempted to whip her poor drunken hus
 band. The noise and confusion should
 not therefore be set to the account of
 the meeting. For my part, considering
 that the noise was made so near the
 church, I deem it quite surprising that
 the audience remained so quiet and
 orderly as they did.
 I -have to complain, too, that while
 the article in question speaks strongly
 in regard to the severity of Mr. Doug
 lass towards Mr. Woodson, it does not
 state with equal strength the cause
 which provoked that severity. The
 complaint against Mr. W. w r as not that
 he came into the meeting of Mr. D.
 and charged him with infidel views, but
 that he had done so in the absence of
 Mr. Douglass, and in such a manner
 as to deprive the latter of the oppor
 tunity to set himself right before the
 Wilie street church and the public. It
 was this seeming unfairness, that roused
 ths indignation of the negro orator, and
 called forth his withering denunciation.
Your reporter states that there were
 one or two fights during the meeting.
 In this statement there is not a word of
 truth, except in the case above cited,
 and with that the meeting had nothing
 whatever to do, and is therefore by no
 means responsible for it.
 By giving the above an insertion in
 your forthcoming edition, you will ob
 lige Very respectfully,
Peter Blackson.
 Pittsburgh, July 25th,
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
[From the Pittsburgh Dispatch.]
 FIRST OF AUGUST CELEBRATION
 AT PITTSBURGH.
The Celebration of the First of
 August by the Colored citizens was
 quite as orderly and well managed as
 any Fourth of July celebration we have
 ever attended. The heavy rain during
 the afternoon, interrupted the proceed
 ings for some time, but they were re
 sumed with nndiminished spirit after the'
Bhe speeches were very good—that
 jof Mr. Munroe, a colored Episcopal
 '-’’-rgynmu ot Micing&amp;n xMoceae, excit
 ed a high degree of interest, among
 the white portion of the audience, as
 well as among the colored, and he is
 evidently an able man, a clear-think
 ing and powerful reasoner. Mr. Vash
 on read a very excellent letter from
 Fred. Douglass, declaring his total in
 ability to attend. Able addresses were
 delivered by Messrs. Peck, Freeman,
 Delany, Yashon, and one or two other
 colored gentlemen, and Messrs S. Fol
 jambe, R. H. Kerr and General Lari
 mer also spoke briefly and eloquently
 in behalf of human liberty.
 One unpleasant accident marred the
 pleasure of the day. A son of Rev.
 Munroe, while playing with powder,
 imprudently held his hands and face
 over the train, and burned himself very
 badly. He'was in great agony, and
 his father finally took him up to the
 city to procure medical relief.
 The following is the letter of Mr.
 Douglass:
J. B. Yashon: —My Dear Sir:—l
 have but just reached Erie, being 44
 hours performing the trip, which I had
 expected to make in the space of thirty
 six; and, worse still, I have to intorm
 you, that there is no hope of my being
 able to get a passage from here to Buf
 falo before five o’clock this afternoon.
 These circumstances, should they prove
 as favorable as I hope, forbid me long
 er to cherish the expectation of being
 present with my friends in Pittsburg on
 the first of August. I have been de
 ceived and disappointed, by the hand
 bills of this Canal Line Company.
 They profess to convey passengers from
 Beaver to Erie in thirty-six hours, and
 they often delay them on their journey
 full forty eight hours. This gross im
 position on the traveling public ought
 to be exposed and corrected. The
 outrage ought not to be endured. It
 makes all chance ot correct calculation
 and arrangemorvt out nf tim *^»^tiinn.
 and throngs the traveller's pathway
with vexatious disappointments.
 I have no- language to express my
 regrets at the prospects now before me.
 I feel the disappointment all the more
 keenly because the hope of being pre
 sent at your celebration seemed to have
 the approbation of all past circum
 stances and arrangements. I was re
 leased from my engagement at Penn
 Yan tnat I might goto Medina; I was
 released from Medina by the offer of
 my friend Mr. Langston to fill that ap
 pointment. But, now, all my plans
 have failed, and my ardent hopes are,
 so far as I can see, entirely defeated.
 It is rendered nearly certain that I can
 not be present in Pittsburg at the grand
 celebration, and that the pleasure of
 mingling my voice with the exulting
 multitude, will be denied to me.
The only consolation now left me is,
 that I can still be with you on that oc
 casion, in spirit, aim, and principle;
 that though time and distance have mu
 tually interposed their insurmountable
 barriers against my botfiiy 'presence,
 that neither, can eusiuve, absolutely,
 the free spirit. This impalpable es
 sence this mysterious agent this
 spark of the Divine mind, is free and is
 all that can give freedom to an enslav
 ed world. No fetters can bind it—no
 walls can imprison it. Like the quick
 flash of electric fire in the sky, it can
 defy all distance, spurn all restraint,
 break through all bonds, encircle the
 globe, and make its pathway over the j
 wonderous expanse of space In the,
 power of this free spirit 1 shall be pres
 ent at your celebration; rejoicing with;
 you over freedom in the West Indies,
 and sighing with you over the wrongs
 of heart-broken millions in our own
 boasted republic.
 The event which you propose to
 celebrate is no mean achievement. It
 is the brightest and the best of the
 nineteenth century. It stands out on
 the page of history—unstained, unsul
 lied, by human blood—unreproached
 by the tears of widows and the cries of
 orphans. On the morning of the first
 of August, twelve years ago, eight
 hundred thousand souls—long entomb
 ed in the gloomy cells of West Indian
 bondage—burst the horrid bands of
 living death—exchanged the ashes of
 slavery for the robes of freedom, and
 experienced, at the hand of God, a
 glorious resurrection! Blessed day!
 Sublime event! Let it be celebrated.
 Let the people assemble in countless
 thousands and let joy and gladness
 speak from the broad platfom of every
 human countenance. Let elequence,
 poetry, order, beauty, and the “con
 cord of sweet sounds” swell the en
 thusiasm, and conspire to hallow this
 glorious jubilee, for it is worthy.
 The first of August ought to awaken
 in every heart the holiest emotions.
 The colored man should be especially
 affected by its annual return. It should
 call into activity every manly aspira
 tion of his soul. To him it is a day of
 hope—the dawn of Liberty, in the re
 splendent light of whose beams we can
 scan down the vista of coming time—
 all chains broken—all captives releas
 ed—all slaves emancipated—all castes
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1850.
Erie, July 28, 1850.
obliterated—and the institutions of U
 nations, kindreds, tongues and people
 under the whole Heavens*, acknowl
 edging and recognizing the universa
 Fatherhood of God, and the universa
 Brotherhood of man. Let this be a
 day of hope. Let it inspire us with a
 firmer faith in the power of truth, the
 mightiness of love, and the certainty ol
 success in the efforts now making in
 the cause of our own down-trodden
 countrymen. Let t;
 hardships. Oa&lt;? er«L..
 tnrotfga wlftih West ifmtft etiilmt*
 tion was accomplished—quicken ou
 memo y oi the noble anu
 men, living end dead, who were chieliy.
instrumental in giving freedom to our
 West India brethren. It is meet that
 their names should be remembered, and
 their deeds recorded on our hearts.
 They are examples worthy of our imi
 tation. Let us remember, especially,
 the sainted Wilberforce, of whom
 Lamartine has said “That he went up
 to the throne of God with a million of
 broken fetters in his hands, as evidence
 of a life well spent!” Side by side
 with the sainted Wilberforce, let us
 engrave the name of Thomas Clark
 son, whose life was sacredly and un
 ceasingly devoted to emancipation, and
 whose labors continued through a
 series of more than sixty years. Let
 Gransville Sharpe—the clear-sighted
 and concientious—occupy a place in
 the same group. But never let it be
 forgotten, that it is to a woman, perhaps
 more than to all others, we are indebt
 ed for the event you are about to cele
 brate. It wa Elizabeth Herrick who
 first unfurled the white banner of im
 mediate and unconditional emancipation
 in the West Indies. This should be
 told to our wives, daughters and mo
 thers, that they may be encouraged. It
 should be told to our sons, brothers
 and fathers, that they may love and
 respect women, for her moral and in
 tellectual worth.
Gladly, my dear sir, would I give
 utterance to other sentiments ir. con
 nection with the occasion, but I know
 how tame, in the ear of an assembly,
 are letters, when the living speaker is
 before it, “with a heart of fire and a!
 tongue of flame,” ready to rouse up
 the spirits of men with indignation
 against tyranny, and to inspire all
 hearts with a warmer love of free
 dom; besides, the object of this letter
 is merely to enable you to explain to I
 my dear Pittsbung friends thn cause of
 our mutual disappointment.
My best wishes and sincerest j.Vayets
 the success of ysmr celebration.
 I am, dear sir, most truly yours,
 Frederick Douglass.
[From the Christian Citizen.]
 COLORED SONS of TEMPERANCE
There sometimes occur circumstan
 ces so anomalous, so incongruous, so
 utterly monstrous in the action of soci
 eties which wear phylacteries on their
 foreheads inscribed with virtuous pro
 fessions that they tempt one to doubt
 the verity of logic, and to question the
 existence of a human moral nature.
 We say human moral nature, because
 the beasts of the field never manifest
 so mean a quality of instinct as are
 some of the manifestations of the in
 stincts of their human brothers, who
 have perhaps been cradled on the
 knees of Christian mothers, and whose
 schooling has cost the state fifty dollars
 each.
The National Division of the Sons of
 Temperance at their late annual Con
 vention in Boston voted, seventy-six,
 to six, that it is improper and illegal to
 admit colored men into the general
 union. Perhaps this verdict stands un
 paralleled in the history of opinion, for
 cool insolence, and for moral atrocity.
 Wo defy Egyptian, Jew, Greek, Ro
 man, Scythian or South Carolinian, to
 produce a parellel verdict to it within
 the whole compass of their history
 The motto of the Sons of Temperance
 is “Love, purity, fidelity.” These are
 the trinity of splendid abstractions
 which they print upon their banners;
 and which they solemnly accept as the
 ideal of their moral life. The great
 majority of these sons of Temperance
 are Northern men. All of them are
 professing republicans and yet their
 National Division, their amphictyon,
 their federal council, has proposed a
 resolution that would have made Pha
 raoh blush, and Nicholas of Russia, to
 hang his head for shame.—Seventy
 six members ofthis “National Division
 of Republican Sons of Temperance
 stand forward, not as the spaniels of
 the South; not as the apologists of sla
 very; not as despots of politics, nor
 despots of social estate, but in the
 hitherto unheard position of despots to
 virtue.
We believe that the world was not
 previously aware that virtuous princi
 ples possessed certain proper colors,
 and certain legal proprieties, until the
 Teetotal syllogists assembled at Bos
 ton, propounded this new gospel ofpro
 priety and legality. If we construe
 the word propriety as decency, and le
 gality as natural right, perhaps there
 might be something of truth and jus
 tice discovered in this unique verdict;
 but it would not redound to the advan
 tage of pale-face jury. The positive
 indecency of their inhuman decision,
 deprives themselves of the rights of hu
 manity; and their unhallowed proposi
 tion of legality, which is opposed to all
 God’s moral laws, cuts them off from
 legal fellowship, with every true man.
 Our colored brethren have been driven
 from the ballot-box, and contumeliously
 expelled from the railway car and the
 church pew, and now here are men
 seeking to aggravate those crimes and
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN-
insults by ostracising them from the
 people’s moral unions.
 We ask ever/ man of heart, every
 man, who has not been utterly contam
 inated by the logic of the South, to
 look this vote, of the National Division
 of the Sons of Temperance, steadily in
 the face, and then to ask himself, if
 this new aristocracy—this aristocracy
 of moral pretension—it is to be tolera
 in this land Arc men because cne-.
perhaps, of African mingles
 .§s' v n ght.hs ui their Caucasian
 I .J, jo be driven from amongst us,
 and a!! participation in virtuous
 action With us, upon account of this?
 Think on the treason, even according!
 to the logic of Captain Rynders., of con
 demning seven eights of an Anglo-Sax
 on to bondage, to insult, and to fash
 ionable infamy, became a portion of
 that blood that flowed in the heart of
 Cleopatra, flows in his veins?
We grow sad as we contemplate the
 obliquity of moral vision that condemns
 us to review this most inhuman vote,
 which denies to our colored brethren
 all participation in the spread of moral
 virtue; and in the elevation of man
 kind.
We take heart again, and thank God
 however, that the justice of Massachu
 setts is true to humanity in this case,
 although the “National Division” has
 been faithless. The district sections
 have calmly, nobly, manfully, repudia
 ted this decision of the National Di
 vision, and have reproved its seventy
 six members with the most courteous;
 but at the same most effective
 of all reproofs.—They have refused to
 sustain their decree.
This vote is as humiliating, if we
 examine it collaterally as it is so posi
 tively. Positively it demonstrates an
 amount of prejudice against color in
 the North, that even seeks to poison
 with its stagnant odors, our very
 benevolent unions; and it shows a sub
 serviency to the dictation of the South
 that is truly saddening. Such verdicts
 as this cannot degrade men of color;
 they rather make the red blood mount
 into the cheek of white men at the mor
 al debasement of their race.
Virtue knows no clime, no condition,
 no race, no order. As the negro arose
 from the hand of God, an equal in the
 economy of the Creation, with the
 white man; so did God give him an
 equal power and right to accept those
 virtues, which sprang from the afflu
 ence of his divine mind. God placed
 ,in the soul of the negro an eternal and
 fclfovitable legality, or natural right, to
 /iove virtue, and liberty, and ho will
 forever acknowledge the beautiful pro
 priety of that love, even although ev
 ery man should endorse a counter lie.
 God, before the world was, decreed a
 law stronger than any opinion that the
 “National Division of tho Sons of Tem
 perance” has dared, or wiil ever dare
 to propose; and that law is the essential
 equality of man, and the universal
 brotherhood of virtue. By this decree
 eternal as the heavens, it is legal, it is
 proper, for colored men to unite with
 all other men to elevate humanity, in
 spite of such inhuman treason as was
 perpetrated by the National Division of
 the Sons of Temperance of Boston.
 Thine Respectfully,
THE OUTRAGE IN VIRGINIA
We trust that the “ancient domin
 ion” will not allow the injury done to
 the sovereignty ot the laws in that
 State by the horrible outrage at Cul
 pepper to pass without the signal ex
 hibition of its retribution. The tone of
 the press in that State is sound in re
 gard to mob law, and we hope ic re
 flects but the sober sentiment of the
 people in respect to such acts of fiend
 ish barbarity. “Justices ot the Peace,
 and members of Christian Churches”
 were.engaged in this diabolical murder.
 Then let them meet the murderer’s
 fate; their respectability and presumed
 intelligence but aggravate the enormi
 ty of their crime, and leave them no
 excuse to offer for their daring usurpa
 tion. Law must be vindicated against
 such terrible invasions of its preroga
 tive, or society falls back into an
 archy.
Culpepper Co., Va.
 July 22, 1850.
 Messrs. Editors: —On the night of
 the 4th of April, 1849, one of our most
 respectable and promising young men,
 Mr. David W. Miller, merchant at
 this place, was most barbarously mur
 dered and his store robbed. A free
 negro, named Win. Grayson, was ar
 rested, committed to prison, tried be
 fore an intelligent jury, found guilty
 and sentenced to be hung. Our Judge
 approving of the verdict, refused to
 grant a new trial, which was applied
 for by Grayson’s counsel.—A “bill
 of exceptions” was then taken and tried
 before the general court at Richmond,
 and a new trial was granted. In May
 last, Grayson was again laid before a
 jury summoned mostly from another
 county, (one of the jury was from the
 State of Illinois, and another from Bal
 timore,) and it was now presumed he
 could have a fair and impartial hearing.
 He was again found guilty, and again
 sentenced to be hung. Another “bill
 of exceptions” was laid before the gen
 eral court, and another new trial was
 granted. This was more that the pa
 tience of the people could bear, for
 though the evidence was entirely cir
 cumstantial, yet so complete was every
 link forming one entire chain, and so
 clearly was the guilt of the prisoner
 established, that they determined to
 take the law into their own hands.
Accordingly, on the 16th inst., a
 plan wjis set on foot to call a meetiag
 of the citizens, and, on the next day,
WHOLE NO. 138
(the 17th,) from TIOO to 500 met at a
 church, near the Court Hou*. which
 meeting resulted ,n their proceeding to
 ie jail, forcing iha door 3. taking
 Grayson out and hanging him to a rail
 placed aci two trees, where he
 h ung all life was extinct.
 «he rreeting was composed of the
 fll 1 (s pectab!e portion of the com
 mucitv. and was conducted in a quiet,
 lne As.yet no steps have
 en la .en by the authorities to han
 d.e those concerned in the matter, and,
 shoiiKi there be, such are the senti
 of this and the surrounding
 counties that it is feared it will grow to
 be a very serious matter, and from be
 ing “Grayson’s case.” it will turn to
 the “people’s case.”
important development
 treasonable PROJECT.
i lie Washington correspondent of
 the Courier and Enquirer, in a letter
 dated August 3d, makes the following
 startling development of a project to
 dissolve the Union and form a Southern
 Confederacy which should embrace
 the Republic of Mexico:
 “The facts which I am about to dis
 close will necessarily excite as much
 astonishment throughout the country
 as they did in my mind, when they
 were first presented with all the in
 trinsic evidence of undoubted truth,
 and with a weight of direct authority
 which admitted of no misapprehension.
 I learn from an unquestionable source
 that a gentleman, reported to be of
 considerable character and influence
 in the visited Mexico incognito,
 in the month of April last, and after
 various conferences with persons in
 authority,|finally submitted a formal and
 well-prepared proposition for the es
 tablishment of a Southern Confederacy,
 into which that Republic was to be
 merged. One of the arguments and
 reasons that were urged upon the per
 sons to whom this scheme was submit
 ted, as entitling it to favorable con
 sideration, was that the City of Mexico
 would probably be selected as the Capi
 tal of the New Empire, since a part of
 the plan embraced the extension of its
 territory, peaceably or forcibly, fur
 ther South. That project was laid be
 fore the Mexican Cabinet by M. La
 conza, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
 and was urged by him in council, in a
 speech of considerable length. It was
 resisted brother members_of the Cabi
 net, and finally declined. The agent
 of this nefarious cheme left soon after
 for California. Mr. Doyle the British
 Minister, was made aware of the pro
 ceedings if ho did not lend them coun
 tenance; but the impression is that the
 conspiracy received decided encour
 agement from the British Legation. I
 am restrained by considerations, affect
 ing the personal safety of individuals,
 from disclosing the reasons which op
 erated on the Mexican Cabinet, in re
 jecting this infamous overture, and al
 so of doing justice to those who entitled
 themselves to immortal honor for scorn
 ing and denouncing the proposition of
 the traitors. The day may not be far
 distant when they can receive full jus
 tice, and with less danger than at
 present. President Taylor was not
 ignorant of this design, and with his
 usual sagacity and resolution, had pro
 vided against injurious consequences.
 It might be mooted as a serious
 question, whether it is not the duty of
 our Government to demand of Mexico,
 whether a scheme for its dismember
 ment was thus entertained. 1 under
 take to say, emphatically and unquali
 fiedly, such is my confidence in the in
 formation which has been placed at my
 disposal, so far as the great fact is con
 cerned, that this movement may b»
 verified in every essential particular
 that 1 have stated, if Congress or the
 Execntive Department will direct the
 necessary inquiries to be instituted. If
 the proot was questionable in any
 form, I would not entertain it, but hav
 ing seen the testimony, I have felt not
 only justified, but impelled by a sense
 of moral obligation, in giving this state
 ment to the public.
J. E. S.
Battle Week.— Tuesday, June 18,
 was the anniversary of the memorable
 battle of Waterloo; and the current
 week is not worthy for the aniversary
 of more bloody and important battles
 fought within some two cenuries past,
 than any other seven days of the year.
 The battle of Naseby, between the
 Cavaliers and Roundheada, was fought
 June 14, 1654; of the Russian and
 Swedes at Poultowa, June 19, 1700;
 of the Allies and French at Dettingen,
 June 18, 1764; of the Austrians and
 Prussians at Kolin, June 17, 1757; of
 the Americans and British at Bunker
 Hill, June 17, 1775; of the Russians
 and French at Frebbia, June 19, 1799;
 of the same at Marengo, June 14,
 1800; and again at Friedlands, June
 14, 1807; of the British and French at
 Salamanca, June 21, 1813; of the
 British and Americans at Niagara,
 June 15, 1814; of the French and Prus
 sians at Ligny, June 16, 1815; and
 lastly of the British and French at
 Waterloo, June 18, 1815. It would be
 easy to show that in most of the*se
 terrible fights something decisive has
 been gained to the great cause of civil
 liberty, and that thus the entire week
 is made up of red-letter days in the
 calender of freedom.
None are so hard to please as those
 whom satiety of pleasure makes weary
 of themselves; nor any so readily pro
 voked as those who have been always
 courted with an emulation of civility.
SIR ROBERT PEEL as an ORATOR.
Sir Robert Peel’s speeches were,
 like himself, in practical. There elo
 quence consisted in their persuasive
 ness, in the skill with which the argu
 ments were evolved, and in the illus
 trations, generally familiar and tan
 gible “to the general.” His state
 ments of his case were singularly lucid
 built up laboriously, and constructed
 with precision, so as to make them
 clear to the least ready capacity. Dur
 ing the latter years of his career ho
 had, as it were, to instruct the public
 in pi inciples and details, more espe
 cially on commercial questions; and, of
 course, there remains much on record
 which had only a temporary and fleet
 ing interest. Morover, to impress his
 purpose on his hearers, he would fre
 quently repeat his arguments; whicn,
 though effective in the delivery, was
 teadious to peruse. Notwithstanding
 these drawbacks, Sir Robert Peel,
 from the singular fascination of his man
 ner, and the pains he took to adapt
 himself to the various capacities he had
 to address, was one of the most per
 suasive and influential speakers ofhis
 time. In fact his was the eloquence
 adapted to a popular assembly, which
 was to be assailed, not merely through
 prejudices, habits of thought, interests
 not always of the highest order, as well
 as through reason. Looking’ at the
 materials of which his speeches were
 formed, the winning art of the speaker
 was the more to be admired. Let us
 add, that when the ordinary necessities
 of the debate did not compel Sir Rob
 ert Peel to descend to tne level of tho
 average of his hearers, he could be as
 lofty and philosophical as the most
 elaborate orators. His personal vindi
 cations at great crises of his life were
 characterised by a striking dignity,
 which uniformly commanded respect
 from the House of Commons. Such a
 combination of qualities—of wisdom,
 the fruit of long experience—of caution,
 the consequence, not of timidity but of
 prudence—of boldness, tempered by
 sagacity —of information, gleaned
 through a long and laborous public life
 —of high probity and sensitive honor
 of statesmanlike tvisdom, not disdain
 ing popular influence and sympathy—
 of eloquence spontaneously springing
 from the peculiar wants of his position,
 and intuitively adapted to the occa
 sions of its excercise—such a rare
 union of many requisites for a states
 man and minister in a popular Govern
 ment will not soon be seen again in anv
 individual. Nowhere will his loss be
 more deplored than in that House of
 Commons where he was accustomed
 o rule, by the power of his persuasive
 eloquence, with almost absolute sway.
 —Morning Chronicle.
W. B. S.
The World’s Changes. —Oh spirit
 of change! cold is thy touch; and thou
 leavest in thy track, the chill of deso
 lation round many a deserted hearth,
 long time the gathering-place of happy
 faces—the rallying-point of those who
 are striving in the world’s welfare, and
 the sacred abode of the dear Penates.
 Few things are calculated to make more
 painiul impression of the nature of
 change, than the view of empty rooms
 once containing within their walls so
 much of the warmth, and light, and joy
 of life; there is a voice in their silence
 ever proclaiming the mutability of hu
 man things; the dull ashes in the
 cheerless grate are emblematical of
 the decaying embers afortime brightly
 burniug in bosoms now changed and
 cold; the remnants of string which lie
 about on the floors, are types of the
 broken fibres which once bound some
 fond heart to a cherished object—sev
 ered now, and bleeding, but still refu
 sing to quit their hold.
It is nothing to tell us that “the
 change is for the better,” that “they
 were glad to leave,” that “they would
 be much better off when they were
 gone,” &amp;c. Who but has felt the fal
 lacious character of such comfort in
 the bitterness of a parting hour? Their
 worldly prospects may be better; they
 may, perhaps, have a larger share of
 the good things (as they are called)
 of this life; but think you that a place
 to eat and drink, and sleep in, consti
 tutes a home? Fven “the ox knows
 its owner, and the ass his master’s
 crib;” and if the brutes discover a
 predilection for their accustomed stalls,
 shall the spirit feel no clinging to the
 spot so identified with its joys and
 griefs— a spot hallowed by affection,
 and endeared even by suffering; where
 some we love have lisped their first
 words, and others have breathed their
 last sighs. —Jerrold’s Magazine.
A postal treaty has been concluded
 with Switzerland, by which the postage
 is reduced to eight cents a letter, and
 may be prepaid or not. France has
 now treaties of the same kind with
 Belgium, Frankfort, Spain, England,
 and Piedmont. The heavy tax on
 American letters exists in all its bur
 densomeness. For a letter weighing
 a quarter of an ounce, we must pay
 thirty cents, and for the weight of a
 hair beyond this, the postage is dou
 bled. This state of things exists, not
 withstanding the commerce of France
 with the United States is so much lar
 ger than with England. If any small
 matter can merit the attention of Mr.
 Clayton, this does. An ordinary com
 mercial letter, written on a thick sheet
 of letter paper, very commonly used in
 America, costs here from ninety cents
 to one dollar and twenty. As to news
 papers, the price varies according to
 the weight, the size, and mode of en
 veloping. I have often paid a franc
 for one newspaper General rule: en
 velop as little as possible a paper you
 send to Europe.
Cleanliness.-A rusty shield prayed
 to the sun, and said, “Osun! illume
 me with thy ray;” to which the sun
 retorted, “O shield! make thyself
 clean!”
He who will take no advice but be
 always his own counsellor, is sure to
 have a fool often for his client
The three most difficult things are—
 to keep a secret—to forget an injury
 and to make good use of leisure.
In every heart there are secrets
 which ars never disclosed, and which
 cannot be wrested from it.
Russia has at present the largest ar
 my of any nation in Christendom—*
 500,000 strong.
