Anti-Slavery Meetings.
Frederick Douglass will hold Anti-
 Slavery meetings (D. V.) on
 Sunday evening, Aug. 18th, at Clyde.
 Monday evening, 19th, at Port Byron.
Tuesd’y evening, 20th, at Syracuse.
 He intends being present at the grand Con
 vention at Cazenovia, on Wednesday and
 Thursday, the 21st and 22d of August.
Liberty—Equality—Fraternity!!!
Fugitives from the prison-house of South
 ern despotism with their friends and protec
 tors in council!
Such persons as have escaped from slavery,
 and those who are resolved to stand by them,
 are invited to meet for mutual counsel and en
 couragement at Cazenovia, Madison County,
 Jfew York, on Wednesday, 21st of August.
 1850. The assembling will take place at 10
 o’clock A. M. in the Independent Chutch, and
 the meeting will continue through two days.
 The object aimed at on the occassion will not
 be simply an exchange of congratulations and
 an expression of sympathy, but an earnest
 consideration of such subjects as are pertinent
 to the present condition and prospects of the
 slave and free colored population of the coun
 try, and to the relations, which good and true
 men sustain to the cause of impartial freedom
 and justice. Friends shall not this be made
 a grand event 1 Shall not the channels of for
 mer sympathies be opened anew? Will not
 they of the “old guard” delight to look each
 other in the face once more, and tenew their
 vows upon a common altar Let them come
 from every quarter—freemen, free women, and
 fugitives.' They are bid a most cordial wel
 come by the good people of Cazenovia. There
 are friends, hospitalities, meeting houses, and
 beautiful groves there! Let all come, who
 have a heart and can
In behalf of the New Fork State Vigilance
 Committee,
GERRIT SMITH, Prest.
 Charles E. Ray, Sec.
P. S. The “North Star,” Ward’s “Impar
 tial Citizen,” the “Anti-Slavery Standard,”
 the “Liberator.” and all papers, disposed to
 do so, will confer a favor by transfering the
 above call to their columns, and keeping it up
 till the time set for the meeting.— Liberty
 Party Paper.
MESS A G E
 OF
 PRESIDENT FILLMORE
ON THE
 TEXAS BOUNDARY QUESTION.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
 I herewith transmit to the two Houses of
 Congress, a letter from his Excellency the
 Governor of Texas, dated on the 14th of
 June last, addressed to the late President of
 the United States, which, not having been
 answeied by him, came to my hands on his
 death, and I also transmit a copy of the an
 swer which I have felt it to be my duty to
 cause to be made to that communicatihn.
 Congress will perceive that the Governor of
 Texas officially states, that, by authority of
 the Legislature of that State, he despatched
 a special Commissioner, with full power and
 instructions to extend the civil jurisdiction of
 the State over the unorganized counties of
 El Paso, Worth, Presido and Santa Fe,
 situated on its North-western limits; he pro
 ceeds to say, that the Commissioner had
 reported to him in an official form, that the
 military officers employed in the service ol
 the U. S. stationed at Santa Fe, interposed,
 adversely, with the inhabitants, to the fulfil
 ment of his object, and in favor of the estab
 lishment of a separate State Government,
 East of the Rio Grande, within the rightful
 limits of the State of Texas.
 These four counties, which Texas proposes
 to establish and organize, being within her
 own jurisdiction, extended over the whole of
 the Territory east of Rio Giande, which has
 been heretofore regarded ?e ar« osential and
 integral part of the departmentof New Mexi
 co, and actually governed and possessed by
 her people until conquered and severed from
 the Republic of Mexico by the American
 arms. The Legislature of Texas has
 been called together by the Governor for the
 purpose, as is understood, of maintaining her
 claim to the territory east of the Rio Grande,
 and of establishing over it her own jurisdic
 tion, and her own laws by force.
 These proceedings of Texas may well
 arrest the attention of all branches of ihe
 Government of the United States, and 1 re
 joice that they occur while Congress is yet in
 session. A crisis may be brought on which
 shall summon the two Houses of Congress,
 and still more directly the Executive Govern
 ment, to an immediate performance of their
 respective duties under the Constitution of the
 United States.
 The President is constituted Commander
 in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and of the
 Militia of the several States when called into
 the actual service of the United States. The
 Constitution declares also, that lie shall take
 care of that the laws be faithfully executed,
 and that he shall from time to time give to
 Congress information of the State of the
 Union.
Congress has power under the Constitution
 to provide for calling out the militia to exe
 cute the laws of the Union, and suitable and
 appropriate acts of Congress have been
 passed, as well for providing for calling forth
 the militia as for placing other suitable and
 efficient means in the hands of the President
 to enable him to discharge the constitutional
 functions of his office. The second section
 of the act of the 27th of February, 1795, de
 clares that “whenever the laws of the United
 State shall be opposed, or their execution ob
 structed in any State by combinations too
 powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary
 course of judicial proceedings or the power
 vested in the marshals, the President may
 call forth the militia, so far as may be neces
 sary, to suppress such combinations, and to
 cause the laws to be duly executed.”
 Bv the act of March 3d, 1807, it is provided
 “that in all cases to the obstructions of the
 laws, either of the United States or any indi
 vidual State or-Territory, w hen it is lawfu
 for the President to call forth the military to
 the purpose of causing the law's to be dnlv
 executed, it shall be lawful for him to employ
 for the purposes, such part of the land o
 naval force of the United Slates as lie shal
 judge necessary.” These several enactment
 are now in full force. If therefore the law
 of the United States are opposed ot obstruct
 ed in any State or Territory, by combinations
 too powerful to be suppressed by the judieia
 or civil authorities, and it becomes a case in
 which it is the duty of the President either
 to call out the militia, or to employ the mili
 tary or naval force of the United States, or u
 do both, if in his judgment exigency of the
 occasion shall so require, for the purpose ot
 suppressing such combination. The consti
 tutional duty of the President is plain ano
 peremtory. The authority vested in him by
 law for the performance of his duty is clear
 and ample. Texas as a States, is authorizec
 to maintain her own laws so far as they are
 not repugnant to the Constitution, laws and
 treaties of the United States to suppress in
 surrections against her authority, and to
 punish those who commit treason against the
 State, according to the forms provided by her
 own Constitution, and her own laws. But
 this power is local, and confined entirely
 within the limits of Texas herself. She can
 fiossib’y confer no authority which can be
 awfully exercised beyond her own boundary.
 All this is plain, and hardly needs argument
 or elucidation. If Texas militia, tliereiore,
 march into any one of the other States, or
 into any Territory of the United States, there
 to execute or enforcE any law of Texas, they
 beeome at that moment trespassers —they are
 no longer under the protection of any law ful
 authority, and are to be regarded merely as
 intrudes; and if within such State or Terri
 tory they' obstruct any law of the United
 Slates, either py f° rce of arms or mere power
of numbers, constituting such a combination
 as is too powerful to be suppressed by the
 civil authority, the President of the United
 States has no option left to him, but is bound
 to obey the solemn injunction of the Constitu
 tion, and exercise the high powers vested in
 him by that instrument and by the acts of
 Congress.—Or, if any civil posse, armed or
 unarmed, enter into anv territory of the
 United States under the protection of the
 laws thereof, with the intention to seize indi
 viduals to be cairied elsewhere for trial, for
 alleged offences, and this posse be too pow
 erful to be resisted by the local and civil au
 thorities, such seisure or attempt to seize, is
 to be prevented or resisted by the authorities
 of the United Slates. The grave and impor
 tant question now arises’, whether there be in
 the territory of New Mexico any existing
 law of the United States, opposition to which,
 or obstruction of w hich, would constitute a
 case calling for the interposition of the au
 thority vested in the President.
 The Constitution of the United States de
 clares that the Constitution and laws of the
 United Statas which shall be made in pur
 suance thereof and all the treaties made, or
 which shall be made under the authority of
 the United States, shall be the supreme law
 of the land. If, therefore, New Mexico be a
 territory of the United States, and if any
 treaty stipulation be in force therein, such
 treaty stipulation is the supreme law of the
 land, and is to be maintained and upheld,
 and accordingly, in the letter to the Governor
 of Texas my reasons are given for believing
 that New Mexico is now a territory of the
 United States with the same extent and the
 same boundaries which belonged te it in the
 actual possession of the Republic of Mexico,
 and before the late war. In the early part of
 that war both California and New Mexico
 were conquered by the arms of the United
 States, and were in the military possession of
 the United States at the date of the treaty
 of peace. By that treaty the title by conquest
 was confirmed, and these territories, pro
 vinces or departments separated from Mexico
 forever, and by the same treaty certain im
 portant rights and securities were solemnly
 guaranteed to the inhabitants residing there
 in.” By the fifth article of the treaty it is
 declared, that the boundary line between the
 two Republics shall commence in the Gulf of
 Mexico, three leagues from land opposite the
 mouth of the Rio Grande, —otherwise called
 the Rio Bravo del Norte, or oppusite the
 mouth of its deepest branch, if it should make
 more than one branch, emptying directly into
 the sea; from thence up the middle of that
 river, following the deepest.channel where it
 has more than one, to the point where it
 strikes the southern boundary of New’ Mexico,
 thence westwardly along the whole southern
 boundary of New Mexico, which runs north
 of the town called Paso, to its western boun
 dary termination, thence Westward along the
 western line, of New Mexico until it intersects
 the first branch of the River Gifa, or, if it
 should not inleisect any branch of that liver,
 then to the point on the said line nearest to
 such branch and thence in a direct line to the
 same, thence down the middleiof said branch
 and of the said river until it empties into the
 Rio Colorado, thence across the Colorado,
 following the division line between upper and
 lower California to the Pacific Ocean.”
The Bth Article of this trea yis in the
 following terms. “The inhabitants of Mexi
 can origin now established in territories pre
 viously belonging to Mexico, and who remain
 for the future within the limits of the United
 States, shall be free to continue where they
 now reside, or to remove at any time to the
 Mexican Republic, retaining the property
 which they possess in the said territory, or
 disposing thereof and removing the proceeds
 wherever they please, without being subject
 ed on this account to any contribution lax, or
 charge whatever. Those who shall prefer to
 remain in the said territories, may either re
 tain the tittle and rights of Mexican citizens,
 -or acquire those of citizens of the United
 States; hut they shall be under obligation to
 make their election within one year from the
 date of the exchange of ratifications of this
 treatv. and whe-st««Hroaiaifrm itie said
 territories after the expiration of that ye»j
 without having declared their intention to
 retain the character of Mexicans, shall be
 considered to have elected to become citizens
 of the United States in the said territories.
 Property of every kind now belonging to
 Mexicans not established there, shall be in
 violate. The present owners, their heirs, and
 all Mexicans who may hereafter acquire said
 property by contract, shall enjoy with respect
 to it, guarantees equally ample, as if the same
 belonged to citizens of the United States.”
The 9th Article of the Treaty is in these
 words —“The Mexicans who in the Territo
 ries aforesaid shall not preserve the character
 of citizens of the Mexican Republic conform
 ably with what is stipulated in the preced
 ing article, shall be incorporated into the
 Union of the United States, and be admitted
 at the proper time to be judged of by the
 Congress of the United States, to the enjoy
 ment of all the tights of citizens of the United
 States according to the principles of the Con
 stitution, and'in the meantime shall be main
 tained and protected in the free enjoyment
 of their liberty and property, and secured in
 the free exercise of their religion without re
 striction. It is plain, therefore, in the face
 of these treaty stipulations, that all Mexicans
 established in territories north Or east ot the
 line of demarcation already mentioned, come
 within the protection of the 9th article, and
 that the treaty being a part of the supreme
 law of the land, extends over all such Mexi
 cans and assures to them perfect security in
 the free enjoyment of their liberty and pro
 perty, and in the free exercise of their re
 ligion, and this supreme law of ihe land is
 in actual force over this Terriiory, and is to
 be maintained until it shall be displaced or
 superseded by other legal provisions, or ob
 structed by combinations too powerful to be
 suppressed by the civil authority.”
This case is one which comes within the
 provisions of the law, and which obliges the
 President to enforce these provisions. Neither
 the constitution nor the laws, nor iny duty or
 my oath of office, leave me any alternative
 or any choice of ray action. The Executive
 Government of the United States has no pow
 er or authority to determine what was the
 true line of boundary between Mexico and the
 United States before the treaty of Guada
 loupe Hidalgo, nor has it any such power
 now, since the question has become one be
 tween the State of Texas and the United
 States. So far as this boundary is doubtful,
 that doubt should be removed by some act of
 Congress, to which the assent of Texas may
 be necessary by some appropriate mode of
 legal adjudication; but in the meantime, if
 disturbances or collisions arise, or should be
 threatened, it is absolutely incumbent on the
 Executive Government, however painful the
 duty, to take cate that the laws are faithful
 ly maintained. He can regard only the
 actual state of things existing in the date of
 the treaty, and is bound to protect all inhabi
 tants who were then established and now re
 main north and east of the line of demarcation,
 in the full enjoyment of their liberties and
 property, according to the provisions the 9th
 article of the |Treaty. In other words, all
 now regarded as New Mexico which
 was possessed and occupied as New Mexico
 by the citizens of New Mexico at the date of
 the Treaty, until a definite line of boundary
 shall be established, and by competent au
 thority. This assertion of duty to protect the
 people of New Mexico from threatened vio
 lence. or from liability to be earned into
 I’exas for trial for alleged offences against
 Texan laws, does not at ail include any claim
 of oower on the part of the Executive to es
 tablish any civil or military government with
 in that territory. That power belongs ex
 clusively to the legislative department, and
 Congress is the sole judge of the time and
 manner of creating or authorising any such
 government. The duty oi the Executive only
 applies to the execution of laws, and the
 maintenance of treaties actually in force, and
 the protection of all the people of the United
 States in the enjoyment of the lights which
 those treaties and laws guarantee. It is ex
ceedingly desirable that no occasion should
 arise for the exercise of the powers thus ves
 ted in the President by the Constitution and
 the laws. With whatever mildness those
 powers might be executed, or however clear
 the case of necessity, yet might
 nevertheless follow which no human sagacity
 can foresee.
 1 have thus laid before Congress the com
 munication of his Excellency the Governor of
 Texas, and the answer thereto, and I have
 made such observations as 1 have thought the
 occasion called for respecting Constitutional
 obligations which may arise in the future pro
 gress of things, and may devolve on me to
 discharge. I hope I shall not be regarded as
 stepping aside from the line of my duty, not
 withstanding I am aware that the subject is
 now before both Houses, if I express my deep
 and earnest conviction of the importance of an
 immediate decision, oi arrangement, for the
 settlement of the question of the boundary
 between Texas and the Territory of New
 Mexico. All considerations of justice, gene
 ral expediency and domestic tranquility call
 for this. It seems to be in its character and
 by position the first, or one of the first, of the
 questions growing out of the acquisition of
 California, and New Mexico cannot be made
 either a State or a Territory, until it shall be
 first ascertained what New Mexico is, and
 what are her limits and boundaries. These
 cannot be fixed or known fill the line of divi
 sion between her and Texas shall be ascer
 tained and established. Numerous and weighty
 reasons conspire, in my judgement, to show
 that this divisional line should be established
 by Congress with the assent of the SweriV
 ment of Texas, in the first place. This seems
 by far the most prompt mode of proceeding
 by which the end can be accomplished. If
 judicial proceedings were resorted to, such
 proceedings would necessarily be slow ancT
 years would pass by, in all probability, before
 the controversy could be ended; so great a
 delay in this case is to be avoided if possible;
 such delay would he every way inconvenient
 and might be the occasion of disturbances and
 collisions; for the same reason 1 would, with
 the utmost defence to the wisdom of Congress,
 express a doubt of the expediency of the ap
 pointment of Commissioners and of examina-
tion, estimate and award of indemnity to be
 made by them; this would be but a species of
 arbitration which might last as long as a
 suit at law. So fat as lam able to compre
 hend, the general facts are now all known),
 and Congress is as capable of deciding it
 justly and properly now, as it probably would
 be after the report of the Commissioners.
 If the claim of title on the part of Texas
 appears to be well founded in the whole or
 part, it is in the competency of Congress to
 offer her an indemnity for the surrender of
 the claim. In a case lik this, surrounded as
 it is by many cogent considerations, all call
 ing for an amicable adjustment and immediate
 settlement, the States would be justi
 fied, in my opinion, in allowing an indemnity
 to Texas, not unreasonable or extravagant,
 —but lair, liberal, and awarded in a just
 spirit of accommodation. 1 think no event
 would be hailed W'ith more gratification by
 the people of the United States, than the
 amicable adjustment of these difficult ques
 tions, which have for a long time agitated the
 country, and occupied, to the exclusion of
 other subjects, the time and attention of Con
 gress. Having thus freely communicated the
 result of my own reflection on the most ad
 visable mode of adjusting this boundary ques
 tion, 1 shall, nevertheless, cheerfully acquiesce
 in any other mode which the wfisdom of Con
 gress may devise; and, in conclusion, 1 repeat
 try conviction, that every consideration of the
 public interest manifests the necessity of a
 provision by Congress for a settlement of this
 boundary question before the present session
 be brought to a close. The settlement of
 other questions connected with the same sub
 ject, within the same period, is greatly to be
 desired, but the adjustment of this appears
 to me to be ia thefiighest degveo important.
 In the tram of such an adjustment we may
 well hope there will follow a return of bamm
 ny and good will, an increased attachment t&lt;
 the Union, and the general satisfaction of-ik
 country,
 MILLARD Y
 Washington, Aug. 9, 1850
Executive Department,
 Austin, Texas, June 14, 1508.
 To His Excellency Z. Taylor. President o
 the United States.
Sir —By authority of the Legislature of
 Texas, the Executive of the State in Feb
 ruary last, dispatched a special Commissioner
 with full power and instructions to extend the
 civil jurisdiction of the State over the unor
 ganised counties of El Paso, Worth, Presido
 and Santa Fe, situated upon its north western
 limits. That commissioner has reported, in
 an official form, that the military officers em,
 ployed in the service of the United States
 stationed at Santo Fe, interposed, adversely,
 with the inhabitants, to the fulfilment of his
 object, by employing influence in faver of the
 establishment of a separate State Government
 east of the Rio Grande and within the rightful
 limits of the State of Texas. I tiansmit to
 you, herewith, the Proclamation of Col. John
 Monroe, acting under the orders of the Gov
 ernment of the United States, under the
 designation of Civil and Military Governor of
 the Territory of New Mexico, f have very
 respectfully to request that your Excellency
 will cause me to be informed at your earliest
 possible convenience, whether or not this
 officer has acted in this matter under the or
 ders of his Government, and whether his
 proclamation meets with the approval of the
 President of the United States.
 *VV ith assurance of distinguished considera
 tion, I have the honor to be your Excellency’s
 most obedien* servant.
Southern Chivalry. —A writer in the
 Hartford Republican says that it is amusing
 to ruad the boas's of the Southern Chivalry,
 particularly of that famous legion, whose
 head-quarters appear to be fixed in South
 Carolina—a Stale that has more negroes than
 whites, and contains almost as many inhabi
 tans as Ccnnecticut.
During the Mexican war, South Carolina
 was represented in Mexico by a volunteer
 regiment composed of as fine young men as
 the Slate afforded; in fact, the State took
 special pride in this regiment, and great care
 was taken in selecting the men for It.
 Now it is well known to many who served
 in the 9th, or New'England Regiment, that
 in the battle of Churubusco, this carefully
 chosen Regiment of South Carolina Palmet
 tos, had a most uncomfortable tremor of the
 nerves at one time, the consequences of which
 might have been disastrous, but for the su
 perior steadiness of the New England Regi
 ment.
The South Carolina Regiment, being in
 advance of the 9th was thrown into a panic,
 by the w histle of Mexican bullets, broke, and,
 like a flock of disorderly sheep, rolled back
 on the New’ England Regiment, and threw it
 into disorder. But the New Englandets recov
 ered, allowed the “chivalry” to pass through
 their ranks to the rear, ane under the direc
 tion of their officers, Ransom and Seymour
 formed again, amid the thickest of the fliyng
 bullets.—The “chivalry,” not having suf
 ficient nerve to follow this example, got be
 hind a wall and building, and there.
 Much has been said of the flight of the 2d
 Indiana Regiment at the battle of Buena
 Vista, and some of the “chivalry” papers
 have stigmatized them as “Northern sol
 diets,” but this feat of the Palmettos, at the
 battle of Churubsco, has been passed over in
 silence.— E/nan. Republican.
In doing benevolent things, there is, both
 as to the time and the manner, a propriety
 which gives value even to the least; the man
 ner in particular.has a marvellous effect. A
 charitable action, gracefully done, is twice
 done, To some people one would be willing
 to owe almost everything, so handsomely do
 they confer kindness, while from others a fa
 vour, for the opposite reason, is a load. i
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 15, 1850.
Thk IS orth Star is sometimes sent to friends
 who &lt;io not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see lit to subsorilie for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for, the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed 10/Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 n. y.
anted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
lo our Subscribers. —ln several contem
 porary anti-slavery journals, we have recently
 seen a notice to “subscribers.” We shall
 take the hint thus afforded us, and request Till
 airears for this paper favor
 us by remitting the amounts due, through the
 post. Let*coc/t friend, of the cjiu.se exert
 himsplfto increase the circulation of our pa
 per by obtaining one new subscriber.
Our English frifends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Star, for the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 JjQsCSl.’ ~rder, to Mrs. llenrv Riciiard
 «y'sS*otf^fdrh'ffr t/K)Ve, Newcastle-on
Tyne.—f. d
m We are happy to observe that the First
 bf August Celegration in Pittsburgh passed off
 very pleasantly. The speeches on the occa
 sion are said to have been highly eloquent
 aud impressive.
The Impartial Citizen. —This paper has
 not reached our office since its removal from
 Syracuse to Boston. We hope this neglect
 has been unintentional, and that the omission
 has not been in consequence of any difference
 of opinion which may exist between us.—
 F. D.
The New-Englander, published at Boston,
 and edited by Wm. A. White, and C. W.
 Slack, is now most beautifully printed aud is
 about the best looking weekly newspaper that
 comes to our editorial table. Fine in its out
 ward appearance as it is, it is no less fine in
 the talent, industry, and manly spirit with
 which ii is edited. We rejoice that such a
 paper can flourish in Boston.— f. d.
The Portland Inquirer.” —We notice
 with pleasure the improved appearance of
 this “Free Soil paper.” It is one of the few
 papers ot that party which seems to desire to
 do justice to. the characteis of the men and
 women of our land who are now boldly la
 boring for the' dissolution of the American
 Union, as the only means of freeing the
 Northern people from the ctime and guilt of
 supporting slavery.— f. d.
The New York Eclectic Medical and
 Surgical Journal. —The second number of
 this monthly periodical is on our table, and
 although we are perhaps too scantily informed
 on the subject of medicine and surgery to
 make an opinion of ours as to its merits of
 any consequence, we will venture to thank
 the publishers for sending it, and acknowledge
 the sa isfaction with which we have perused
 a part of the articles it contains. The two
 hist the one on the blood, and the other on
 dyspep^y—are written in a bold and truthful
 stvle, a.ud wijl. rß|iajt a careful perusal.— j.- n
.moke:
The Convention at Cazenovia, to be
Let no Fugitive Slave, within two hundred
 miles of Cazenovia, fail to be present at the
 proposed Convention: Public attention has
 already been directed to it; and pio-slavery
 malice has already pouted out the vials of its
 wrath upott it. With such a baptism, it
 deserves to he reared into influence and im
 portance, such as seldom falls to the lot of
 an ordinary anti-slavery meeting. We hope
 to see a very large assemblage on the occa
 sion.—F. D.
IE? The cause in Ohio is moving forw'ar
 under the energetic labors of our friends, A
 K. Foster, Parker Pillsbury, J. W. Walker,
 H. C. Wright, and Samuel Brooke. Con
 ventions are being held in various parts of the
 State, vast crowds attend, and the speeches
 made are of the most radical anti-slavery
 stamp. Meanwhile, the Anti-Slavery Bugle
 is blowing lively music. We have not yet
 heard of any mobs at their meetings but
 they are yet upon the Reserve—that may
 account for it. We shall watch their move
 ments with increasing interest, especially
 w hen they penetrate the Southern part of the
 State.— f. d.
P. 11. BELL.
It will be seen by a bill which has just
 passed in the. United Slates Senate, by a vote
 of 30 to 20, that Texas has succeeded in
 blustering the United States out of ten
 million dollars. This sum is to be paid by
 the Northern people, simply to induce Texas
 to relinquish a claim to a large slice of New
 Mexico, which no one seriously believes
 I exas had any right to make. Even now,
 with this advantageous offer, which they at
 the first could hardly have expected, it is
 doubted in some quarters whether that State
 will be satisfied with ten millions. Why
 should she be satisfied! If she wants ail
 she can get, and gets more only by claiming,
 why not press forward? Hereafter, with
 such a precedent, depend upon it, there will
 be more of these claims, and threats of dis
 union and rebellion will, as usual, bring the
 suple North to teims. f. d.
H? Robert Morris, Esq., of Boston, was
 adnntled to practice in the United States Cir
 cuit Court. The recommendation of Morris
 by the Boston Bar was unanimous, Mr. M.
 is the first black man admitted to the bar in
 the United States, and the first lawyer of the
 proscribed race admitted to a Federal Court.
 The above is from the Anti-Slavery Bugle
 Here is a colored young man, who, by patien
 industry and virtuous conduct, lias so far tri
 umphed over American prejudice as to be
 admitted to practice at the bar of the Unitec
 States Coutts. Yet encouraging as is the
 fact just stated, this same distinguished gen
 tleman may not even now go into the District
 of Columbia without being I.able to be sold
 into slavery as a fugitive slave; nor may he
 claim exemption from insult from any low
 white ruffian who may be disposed to offer it.
 A great step, however, has been gained.—
 When colored men are found doing the same
 things —all the same things that white men
 do, and doing them as well as white men do
 them, there will no longer be any prejudice
 against the colored man to combat.— f. d.
held the 21st and 22d.
Congressional.
Celebration at Medina.
The Fitsi of August was celebrated at
 Medina with commendable spirit and ending
 siasm. At an early hour of the day, large
 numbers from the adjoining and even distant
 towns, flocked into the village, dressed in
 such a manner as to assure all who saw them
 that they had come for no mean purpose.—
 From eight o’clock until eleven in the morn
 'ing, the streets were quite thronged—car
 nages whirled through the streets in great
 profusion—crow ds promenaded the side-walks
 —all indicating the first to be a bright day.
 The weather, which had been somewhat
 threatening, became propitious—not too warm
 nor too cool, too wet nor too dry, too clear
 nor too cl oudy; but a soft and beautiful com
 bination of all these qua.ities into a happy
 medium, spreading a reposing charm over
 fields, woods and village. At a few minutes
 past eleven o’clock, a procession was formed
 at the door-of a large hotel, and led by a hand
 of music. They marched to the grove, where
 seats had been arranged and a platform erected
 lor the accommodation of people and speak
 eis. The grove presented a delightful scene.
 It is always pleasant to see a large number of
 earnest people assembled in a shady gtove.
 There is something primitive and impressive
 about such scenes, such as cannot be seen nor
 felt in man's magnificent temples. The con
 gregation were entertained here by excellent
 music and speeches, until a late hour in the
 afternoon, when the assembly dispersed, with
 many evidences of satisfaction with the day’s
 proceedings.— f. d.
Important from Washington.
The Rochester Democrat says The tele
 graph informs us that the bill introduced by
 Senator Pierce has passed the Senate by a
 vote of 30 to 20. As no material amend
 ments are named as having been adopted, we
 presume it has passed substantially as at first
 repotted. The following is'lhe bill, by com
 paring which with the telegiaph report of t he
 boundaries, it can be*determined whether they
 are essentially changed
 Be it enacted, &amp;c., That the following
 propositions be, and tthe same hereby are,
 offered to the State of Texas, which, when
 agreed to by said State in ah act passed by
 the general Assembly, shall be binding and
 obligatory upon the United States and upon
 the said State of Texas Provided, That
 said agreement by said general assembly
 shall be given on or before the first day ol
 December, 1850
First. The State of Texas will agree that
 her boundary on the north shall commence at
 the point at which the meridian of 100 de
 grees west from Greenwich is intersected
 by the parallel of 36 deg. and 30 min. north
 latitude, and shall run from said point due
 west to the meridian of 103 degrees west
 from Greenwich; thence her boundary shall
 run due south to the 32d degree of north lat
 itude to the Rio Bravo del Noite; and thence
 with the channel of said river to the Gulf of
 Mexico.
SeGond. The State of Texas cedes to the
 United States all her territoiy exterior to her
 limits and boundaries, which she agrees to
 establish by the first article of this agreement.
 Third. The State of Texas relinquishes
 all claim upon the United States for the debts
 of Texas, and for compensation or indemnity
 for fije surrender to the United States of her
 ships,'-forts, arsenals, custom-houses, custom
 house revenue, arms and munitions of war,
 and public buildings, with their sites, which
 became the property of the United States at
 the time of the annexation.
Fourth. The United Stales, in considera
 tion of said reduction of boundaries, cession
nui|, u.,J of olaiuui^
 will pay to liie State of Texas the sum of
 ten millions of in a stuck beating five
 per cent, interest, and redeemable at the end
 of fourteen years, the interest payable half
 yearly at the treasury of the U. S.
 Fifth. Immediately after the President of
 the United States shall have been furnished
 with an authentic copy of the act of the gen
 er?l assembly of Texas, accepting these pro
 positions, he shall cause the slock to be issued
 in favor of the State of Texas, as provided
 for in the fifth aitide of this agreement.
 Provided, also, That five millions of said
 stock shall not be issued until the creditors of
 the said State, holding bonds of Texas, foi
 which duties on imports were specially
 pledged, shall first file at the Treasury of the
 United States releases of claims against the
 United States for or on account of said
 bonds.”
Mr. Frederick Douglass and the
 “Times.”—Mr. Douglass has addressed ihe
 following intelligent and manly letter to the
Times:
 “Sir, —Although I fear it may be an un
 warrantable intrusion upon your lime and at
 tention on my part, I must yield to the strong
 desire which moves me to tiiank you, in the
 name of and humanity, lor your timely
 remarks in the of June 11th, on the
 subject of Americamselavery, and more espe
 cially for your animadversions on the brutal
 assault made upon me by a mob while I w
 quietly and inoffensively walking on the B
 teiy at New York.
 “The influence exerted upon the more
 telligent class of the American people by t
 judicious expression of British sense of ju
 tice and humanity is immense, and I belie
 highly beneficial.
 “The outrage committed upon me in Ne
 !fork was the work of low and vicious pe
 pie. Yet, Sir, you were perfectly right
 taking that outrage, and the remarks mat
 upon it by the Globe as a far illustration
 the bitter antipathy which is entertained her
 even by the better class of white peop]
 against colored persons. Polished Ameiica
 gentlemen wmuld applaud a deed ofrufflanis
 like the-one in question, although they mig
 shrink fiom the performance of the deed
 self. My offence is alleged to be that of wal
 ing down Broadway in company of ‘twovvhi
 women.’ This, however, is not a fair stat
 ment of that offence. My offence was that
 walked down Broadway, in company wit
 white persons, on terms of equality. Had
 been with those persons simply as a servan
 and not as a friend, I should have been re
 garded with complacency by the refined, ant
 with respect by the vulgar class of white pe
 sons who throng that great thoroughfare
 The clamor here about human equality
 meaningless. We have here an aristocrac
 of skin, with which, if a man be coveied, ant
 can keep out of the State prisons, he pos
 sesses the high privilege or insulting a color
 ed man with the most ferfect impunity. Thi
 class of aristocrats are never more dispieaset
 than when they meet with an intelligent co!
 ored man. They recognise in him a contra
 diction to their ungenerous and unsound the
 ories respecting the negro race, and, not be
 ing able to reason him down to a level wit]
 the brute, they use brute force to knock him
 down to the desired level. I am, perhaps
 trespassing too long upon your time, ant
 although it may be a small matter to you as
 to how 1 may feel with respect to your noble
 defence of injured and insulted humanity,
 could not be satisfied with myself without ex
 pressing in my humble way my sincerest
 gratitude for that defence.”
 We have taken'the above from the Lon
 don Inquirer,” and the latter doubtless copied
 it from the London Times.” The letter
 was not originally intended for publication,
 but simply for the editor of the “Times,”
 for whom we experienced the grateful feel
 ings indicated in that letter. Their ptompt
 and able article, which was published a few
weeks since, exposing to the world the
 infamous conduct of a band of cowardly ruff
 ians on the battery in New York, and the
 still more ruffianly tone of the New York
 press ou the subject of that conduct, was so
 noble, that, poor as are the thanks of a slave,
 we felt encouraged to offer them. Since the
 London Times has taken up the subject,
 several other highly respectable and influential
 British journals have denounced the cruel,
 brutal and barbarous attack upon us. Among
 these, we gratefully remember the London
 Standard of Freedom, and the London
 Inquirer. Each of these papers has made
 that outrage the occasion for highly intel
 ligent comments upon American customs,
 civilization and freedom.— f. d.
ID 3 We have received the following aiticle
 from our esteemed friend, Mrs. Henry Rich
 ardson, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Her time
 and talents are now almost entirely devoted
 to the h ree Labor cause. Such industiy, de
 votion and perseverance as hers, cannot be
 employed in any cause without attracting
 attention. We are indebted to her zeal and
 untiring pen for many important facts bearing
 on the subject of free produce. Although we
 do not attach the first importance to this
 branch of the Anti-Slavery movement, we
 readily lay befoie our readeis such facts on
 the subject as may be found in the following
 article.— f. d.
Cotton from PoRT'N-ATAj..«-’An influen
 tial colonist and mercantile gentleman, has
 addressed a letter, of which the following is
 a copy, to an inhabitant of Newcastle-upon-
 Tyne; and as the subject of his communica
 tion is of vital importance to a great staple
 manufacture of this country, we (Gateshead
 Observer) gladly give it insertion in our
 journal:
Port Natal, March 1, 1850.
 Knowing that you take a great interest in
 the production of cotton produced by free
 labor, I have thought that a few lines from
 Natal would not be unacceptable; though I
 am sorry to slate, as far as that article is con
 cerned, it is rather retrograding than pro
 gressing and yet I am more than ever con
 vinced that cotton can be produced here equal
 if not superiot to any in the world, and that,
 if cultivated on a proper scale, by persons
 who understand the climate, and the peculiar
 nature of the cotton plant, it would yield a
 a large return for capital employed, besides
 throwing open a most beautiful country to the
 enterprise of. thousands of European families,
 who, through the means of this one article
 alone, would find employment at iheir various
 callings. But lam grieved beyond measure
 to see vessel after vessel arriving w r ith emi
 grants, most or all of whom are totally unfit
 for an undertaking like this. To give you a
 slight idea of the absurd notions formed in
 England by many, I may just mention that it
 is not an uncommon thing to find individuals
 provided with agricultuaal implements, and,
 actually, on their arrival here, have not the
 means to pay for the conveyance of them to
 their land. They appear never to have
 thought that implements were of no use with
 out cattle, and that months must elapse before
 they could expect a return for their labor.—
 Then there are certain difficulties that dis
 courage otheu—such as being afraid of not
 getting native labor. All new comers find a
 difficulty in getting natives. They spoil them
 in the first instance by over-kindness; and,
 not knowing their natural character, soon find
 themselves without a servant. So convinced
 am I that cotton will be a profitable article to
 cultivate, besides the immense good that will
 result from it in a variety of ways, 1 have
 thought that should you know any party that
 would be inclined to invest from one thousand
 to fifteen hundred pounds in this way, leaving
 the entire management to myself, i would, on
 certain conditions, give up the business I have
 rn town, lei my premises, and devote the
 whole o, tSy Uib-&gt; tu j energy to this one ob
 ject. This, lam certain OT, &lt;r* m. a one j
 successful, enterprising individual can show
 good returns for his mit'ay, there will soon be!
 plenty of followers; but for tiew comers with
 little or no means—no experience of the place)
 —and everything new about them, the diffi-j
 culties appear insurmountable. Should mv
 offer be approved of by any of your friends,
 my proposition would be this:—That not lessi
 than one thousand (or, rather, say fifteen*
 hundred) pounds should be placed in the!
 Cape of Good Hope bank at my disposal, for)
me to draw as occasion may require, for this
 efipecial purpose, purchasing land and carry
 ing on the plantation.
 Tho finest land for cotton is on the other
 side of theUmgeni river, where at the pres
 ent moment, I could purchase for cash the
finest cotton land foi 10s. or 15s. per acre.
 The land I would of course have registered
 m the party’s name who advanced the cash.
 In fact, all business of importance, such as
 yearly or half-yearly accounts and reports, I
 should wish to pass through the hands of Mr.
 D. D. Buchanan, who is an attorney of the
 highest respectability here, or any other per
 son that might be thought fit, and would be
 satisfactory to all parties. 1 should wish to
 purchase not less than six or eight hundred
 acres. From one tree of the green-seed va
 riety that I have growing in anything hut a
 good situation neqr my house, I have gather
 ed full six and a half pounds annually, for
 the last ihree years:—about three pounds the
 first year.* Six pounds of cotton, as it
 comes from the tree, yields two pounds of
 cotton. One thousand such trees can
 be grown on an acre of ground; and there
 must be some cause for it, if they should on
 ly produce half that quantity. However, for
 safety, I shall make my calculation on one
 pound only of clean cotton, instead of more
 than two; though I am persuaded that where
 there is a right selection of soil, and the
 seasons are favourable for both crops, two
 •housand pounds of clean coton will some
 times be produced to the acre. Tou yiust
 observe, that all the principal expenses fall
 in the first year. Afterwards, the profits, I
 trust, will be very great, These expenses,
 however, all tend to increase the value of the
 properly. lam not an advocate for putting
 up temporary buildings, but should use rough
 stone, procured on the spot, and should wish j
 to have fluted galvanized iron for the roof far-j
 warded whhout delay, as it cannot always he
 procured here. There are also some other
 articles which there might be a saving in
 shipping direct to Natal. No person in
 Natal lias taken moie interest in this subject
 than myself; and should any of your friends
 be inclined to further the cultivation of free
 labour cotton, and the interests of Natal, 1
 am prepared to give good security, if requir
 ed, lor the due fulfilment, on my pait, of the
 engagement, having valuable property both
 in town and near the town. Should my of
 fer be accepted, the first year I should ex
 pect a salary of .£l5O. After the first year
 i shall be contented with half the net profits.
 Allowing £SOO for the purchase of land
 I have calculated that there would not be
 much less than seven or eight hundred pounds
 expenses the first yedr; after which the
 expenses would be trifling—servants, wa
 ges almost the only thing. The first
 year’s crop T calculate at 4oz. clean cotton to
 each tree; which, at 4d. per lb., supposing I
 should get 200 acres sown, the return would
 he £833 os. Bd., oi £4 3s, 4d. per acre.
 The second year, 200 acres, or two hundred
 thousand trees at one pound each, at 4d, per
 lb., would be total value of cotton £3333 9s
Bd. This, you will observe, is considerably
 less tli3n halt what one tree produced—l
 mean in proportion. I will leave this subject
 now to your consideration.
A specimen of the “green seed cotton”
 enclosed in this letter is valued by a Liver
 pool broker at Is. per lb.
ID 3 Lopez, the runaway General, is at
 Washington.
The Death«Peualty in Michigan.
Ihe Prisoner’s Friend for August is be
 fore us. It is, as usual, full of interesting
 matter. The melancholy case of Professor
 W ebster occupies a large shaie of the present
 number. We copv the following correspond
 ence from the ‘‘Friend” as a satisfactory re
 ply to those who will contend that respect for
 human life by the government begets con
 tempt for human life in society:
Mr. Editor: In a recent conversation up
 on the Death-Penalty, and advocate of the
 satqe, staled as an argument in its favor, that
 in Michigan the experiment of its abolution
 had been tried and proved a failure, the Leg
 islature having been competed to restore the
 penalty, in consequence of the alarming in
 crease of capital crime resulting from its ab
 olition. Doubting the correctness of this
 statement, I immediately addressed a note to
 the Secretary of State of Michigan, request
 ing information upon the subject. Believing
 that Ifis highly satisfactory reply may seive
 to correct a great deal of misapprehension, I
 hand it to you for publication.
 Truly yours,
 A. G. CAMPBELL.
 .Lowell, May 11, 1850.
 ‘Office of the Secretary of State,
 Lansing, Mich., May 6, 1850. t
 Alfred Gibbs Campbell Esq. —Dear 'Sir:
 Your favor of the 11th ult., is before me. You
 desire to ascertain whether our State has ie
 turned to the practice of the death-penalty,
 also my opinion as to the general sentiment
 of our State with our present experience on
 this subject.
 In reply, I would state that our State has
 not returned to the practice of the death-pen
 alty. It has repealed at the time of the Re
 vision of our Statutes of 1846. There has
 been but one attempt to revive the law, that
 was in 1848, I think, and it signally failed.
 On examination of the journal, I cannot find
 that the question was ever brought to a vote
 in either house.
In reply to your second interrogatory, I
 have no hesitation in giving it as my opinion
 that the general sentiment of our State is be
 yond all question very nearly unanimous in
 favor of our present laws on that subject. In
 deed, in the whole range of my acquaintance,
 I do not know one individual in favor of a re
 turn to that practice. I am certain I have
 beard no one ex pi ess himself in favor of such
 a change.
I am not aware of there being any statistics
 on file on this office bearing upon this ques
 tion, By coincidence merely, there were
 committed in Wayne county within two vears
 from the revision, Jour murders. The Grand
 Jury of that county memorialized the Legisla
 ture in favor of a repeal. Counter memorials
 showed most conclusively that the increase of
 capital crime, startling indeed as it was, could
 not have had any connection with the change
 in the law; as in three out of the four eases
 certainly, the criminals knew not of the
 change. Since that time three certainly has
 been no increase of capital crime.
 Very respectfully yours,
 C. 11. Taylor, Sec. of State.
From the Liberator.
 Anniversary of Emancipation in the
 West Indies.
The twelfth Anniveisary of West Indie
 Emancipation was commemorated in Wor
 cester, on the Ist inst., by appropriate exer
 cises at the City Hall. The meeting, which
 was large, was called to order by Francig
 Jackson of Boston, and was organized bv the
 choice of the following officers:
PRESIDENT,
WM. LLOYD GARRISON of Boston.
 Vice Presidents —Edward Quincy of Bos
 ton, Francis Jackson of Boston, Bourne
 Spooner ol Plymouth, Effingham L. Capron
 of Worcester, William Whiting of Concord,
 George S. Flint of Rutland, Daniel Mitchell
 of Pawtucket, R. 1., E. D. Draper of Mil
 ford, Alfred Wyman of Westminster, and
 James B. Whitecomb of Brooklyn, Ct.
 Secretaries— Samuel May, Jr., of Leices
 ter, and Benjamin Snow. Jr., of Fitchburg.
 Mr. Garrison, on taking the chair, made
 some introductory remarks, referring chiefly to
 the great event this day celebrated, the peace
 ful emancipation of near one million of slaves,
 accomplished without the shedding of one
 master s blood or the destroying of one plan
 tation, without any act of violence, or anv
 civil commotion.—When he concluded, the
 audience united in singing a Jubilee Son&lt;r.
 Samuel May, Jr., followed with some
 statements in relation to the business concerns
 of the meeting, and then proceeded to lay
 before the audience evidence of the good
 effects of West India Emancipation, elicited
 by Geo. W. Alexander, in his recent visit to
 those Islands.
Charles C. Burleigh followed with a most
 eloquent impressive exposition of the
 working of Emancipation in the West Indies.
 Rev. Mr. Carpenter, of Bristol, England
 was then introduced by the and*
 made a very appropriate, spirited-, and pointed
 address, in the course of which he made said
 work with the arguments of the opponents of
 emancipation, as drawn from its operation in
 the West Indies. He had heard it said by
 them, that lamaica was not so well cultivated
 as it ought to be, but he had also heard it said,
 that the emancipated slaves weie not the
 laziest people there were in that Island. In
 allusion to ihe argument, that the exports of
 the West Indies had diminished, he said he
 had a great jealousy of exports, and when he
 saw pigs imported into his own city of Bristol,
 he saw in that, not an evidence of the re
 dundance of pigs in Ireland, but of the
 suffer ngs ot ihe people from whose necessi
 ties they were drawn. When he concluded
 another Hymn was sung.
 Mr. Carpenter again rose, and said the
 tune that had just been sung, was one of their
 National Anthems—they call it “God save
 ihe Qeen”— we cal! it “America”— there is
 another tune called Emancipation, sun® this
 day in chorus, by 800,000 souls, and he hoped
 the time was near at hand, when it would be
 sung by three millions in our own land.
 Charles L. Remond then made some hope
 ful remarks on the indications of the times
 and the meeting adjourned till 2 o'clock.
 In the afternoon, able and eloquet speech
 rs were made by Edmund Quincy, Wendell
 Phillips, Stephen S. Foster, and J. B. Syme,
 in which the question of Emancipation was
 placed upon its true ground of an absolute;
 tight on the part of the oppressed, and an ab
 solute duty on the part ot the oppressor, and
 of those, who have ths power of contributing
 j^ereto.
Slave Property. —The following state
 ment made by a Baltimore correspondent of
 the Tribune, illustrates an influence at workjiu
 the Middle slave States, more potential than
 abolition lectures or incendiary pamphleteer
 ing, to effect the rapid extinction of slavery
 within their borders. Slaveholders cannot
 afford to hold property long which has to be
 insured at such premiums:
“The papers from Western Virginia,
 Western Maryland and the Eastern Shore
 counties; teem with advertisements ef re
 wards for runaway slaves. The difficulty ot
 recapturing runaways has increased the
 amount generally offered vety much, S3OO
 and 350 each being very common. am
 informed by a slave-catcher and dealer that
 ihe loss of slave property this spring an-i
 summer, from Maryland and Virginia,
 ger than at any former peiiod. He showed
 me a list of advertisements he had arranr-ed
 in his note book for reference, offerino °re
 s*l2 000 e Tt! Uy on&lt; 7 an oun ir, g to about
 ii?°’-,T he lotal va ue of this number
 would be fully $50,000. A snug item for
 slave-owners, to post to ‘profit and loss ac
 count, a great majority of them never beinjr
 reeovered.”— N. Y. Evangelist.
ID 3 Vm. Lloyd Garrison says, 4t Tlie
 specious, dictatorial, clap-trap, audaaious and
 profligate speech of Clay on the Compromise
 Bin, demonstrates that the. Old Harry i*
 still in him!” 3
