Important from Washington
ARREST AND IMPRISONMENT OF
 WILLIAM L, CHAPLIN
The announcement that William L. Chap
 lin has been arrested, and is in prison in the
 Capital, on a charge of assisting slaves to
 escape fiom slavery, will fall with stunning
 effect upon vast numbers of the people of
 New York and New England, among whom
 he has long been distinguished as a talented
 and devoted advocate of Human Rights.
 V\ e have not yet obtained the particulars
 of this appalling and heart-sickening affair.—
 Enough, however, is known to assure us that
 another victim has fallen into the revengeful,
 cruel and remorseless jaws of Slavery and
 that that victim is none other than the tal
 ented, warm-hearted and zealous friend of
 humanity just named.
 His case comes home to every heart. We
 have seen him, heard him, and know him
 and if our brother had been seized at our
 side by a ferocious tiger, we could not feel
 more keenly than we now do for William L.
 Chaplin. He is charged with a high enme
 —even that of delivering the spoiled out of
 the hand of the spoiler—of ptactically re
 membering those in bonds as being bound
 with them”—doing to others as he would be
 done unto—all high crimes in this Christian
 and Democratic country, for which it is al
 most impossible to find adequate punishments.
 As to what will be the fate of Mr. Chaplin,
 the prospect seems now too dark—too fearful
 to contemplate. There is every reason to
 believe that he will be made another meal to
 feed the hungry and blood-thirsty revenge of
 the slaveholding South. He is too distin
 guished a mark to be allowed to escape the
 inhuman clutches of slavery. Yet something
 ought to be done. If money can bail him, it
 should be forthcoming. But if this will not
 do, there should be«petitions circulated in all
 directions, remonstrating against his impris
 onment on such a charge; and the authorities
 of the District of Columbia should be waited
 upon by thousands, and respectfully informed
 that if the prison doors are not thrown
 open, the walls of their infernal slave dun
 geons shall be stormed. The time has
 come for action. It remains to be seen
 whether there is sufficient manhood and heroic
 love of liberty left at the North to meet the
 present trying crisis. The ground which
 every right-minded man will take in respect
 'to the matter, is this that William L.
 Chaplin is guiltv of no crime that if he
 assisted slaves to escape, as charged, he has[
 but performed a highly meritorious and Chris
 tian act; that instead of being branded with
 the infamy of a slave-stealer, his name should
 be made glorious as a man-restorer; that
 they alone are nren-stealers who hold, buy
 ,and sell men, women aud children as property.
 The imprisonment of Wm. L. Chaplin
 otlghv* arouse the dormant energies of
 every ln 'he land. It should call
 forth one simultaneous and burst
 of unconsolabSe lament and settled indignation.
 We cannot write about it; the event is
 too painful, too monstrously cruel, and de- 1
 mands something more than longue or pen
 can express. We wish to consult, co-operate,
 unite, act, do something which shall look like
 saving a noble man from the wolfish and
 bloody prowlers of slavery.
 To this end we shall go, and do now call
 upon all in whose hearts there is one spark of
 human freedom, to go to Cazenoviaon Wen's
 day and Thursday next. We expect to meet
 there one of the mightiest anti-slavery gath
 erings that ever congregated in the State of
 2Sew York. —f. d.
[From the Liberty Party Paper.]
Great Meeting of Runaway Slaves at
Cazenovia.
Those thailhave escaped from Slavery,
 and those who mean to escape from it, and
 those who think it right for men to escape
 from it, and those who will help men to es
 cape from it, and all men who think Human
 Rights are the true capital of the country,
 will meet in caucus, at Cazenovia, on the 21st
 and 22d days of August, in respect to the
 call of Gerrit Smith, President of the N. Y.
 .-State Vigilance Committee.
 There let Douglass and Ward, and Bibb,
 Milton Clark, and 11. Box Brown,
 and William and Ellen Ciaft, &amp;c., &amp;c., who
 are clea't of the chains with which Southern
 villainy bo'und their infant limbs, meet the
 panting fugitives who have just escaped, and
 all together, }&gt;vith their white sympathisers,
 let them mingle their congratulations, and
 engage in wise council to break every yoke,
 to free every slave in Jhis outraged country!
 Come up to Cazenovia on the 21st, and stay
 through the 22d, and what true democ
 racy, and Jrue politics are, ye deluded parti
 sans of the State! And ye demagogues and
 deceivers of the people, come, and look on,
 and in the light of nobleness and true virtue,
 which will be there, see your own meanness,
 and demerits, and leatn to leap up from the
 degradation of the places you occupy, or
 aspire to occupy, to true manhood!
 This should be a great gathering. And
 from the making for it, from the
 novel character, and signal ability of the per
 sons to be present, it. cannot but be a great
 meeting! The mighty minds and great
 hearts' of the North, which have broke from
 the shackles of fa se Religion and false
 Government at the Noith, will meet there
 the rinrgeu bodies and daring spirits, which
 Slavery’couM not subdue, which broke its
 shackles at th'v?* South, and plunged into the
 mountains, and streams, and lakes, and
 wildernesses, and found a way here, where a
 Slave is hailed as a man, and embraced as a
 There has never been such a Convention
 before called in this country, not in the world
 perhaps. It is not long that it has been safe
 to hold such a Convention. It is safe now,
 thank God, in spite of Daniel Webster, and
 Moses Stuart, and others like them! Let
 Daniel Webster, and Moses Stuart, and
 others like them, come too, if they dare, and
 attempt to capture, hind, and give back to a
 Chnstless heathenism the emancipated bodies
 and spirits which will be there congregated.
 Let them come and dare to interrrupt the
 deliberations of this Convention, under a
 pretend ot a law or Constitution, that over
 rides Heaven’s law.?, and asserts that those
 noble spirits are the property of men, who,
 Tby virtue of law or constituCpn, may ride
 them through the world, and bruijfy them,
 erase God’s image which he has put upon
 them, and place their own names there, and
 turn them into their fields, and stalls, and
 kennels, as they do their hogs, and horses,
 and dogs!
 Should they come, we think they will cor
 xect their notions of law, in the face of the
 flashing eyes, and burning hearts, and strong
 frames, and iron sinews, there assembled
 about the body of F.reedom!
 Let the Senators and Congressmen also
 come, who propose to compromise the rights
 and liberties of the glorious hand of Slaves
 who shall collect there, and in the presence of
 the' T self-emancipated bodies, and their faces
 Heav.en-lit with the alternative “Liberty or
 Death 2nd l ie P re senceof the old body
 guards of Ai3 erican freedom, who will be
 gathered around fhem, decide whether they
can again, by any agreement, plan or com
 promise, lay Liberty in a quiet grave any
 where in this country!
 But we especially urge them to come, to
 lay on the altar of Freedom every principle
 or prejudice they have ever cherished against
 the equal brotherhood of man—to learn of a
 certainly that any compact men may make
 against such brotherhoed, will but increase
 the agitation it is intended to quell, and that
 legal Slavery is the foulest falsehood ever
 uttered under Heaven!
Villauous Post Masters.
Post masters should be truthful and trust
 worthy men. If the following facts be true,
 J. M. Rice, Post Master of Phoenix, is far
 trom being a truthful and trustworthy man.
 Indeed a man capable of such small wicked
 ness is much to be pitied. Such aie the men
 in power tho’. He represents his principal
 the head of hia party. Nevertheless, such
 heads don’t like their agents to manifest their
 integrity by open falsehood, aud when they
 do so, out of the ordinary track of party
 villany, they disown thes agents, and tun l
 them out of office. So ought Mr. Fillmore
 to do with J. M. Rice, Post Master of Phoe
 nix, if the following letters be true. If Fillmore
 does not ship him, he will be considered as
 approving the falsehood and fraud attempted
 on Dea. Chaffee, ourselves, and* the public.
For the Liberty Party Paper.
Gilbert’s Mills, July 22d, 1850.
 Friend Thomas:—l saw in the last num
 ber of your paper, a short article from a Post
 Master of our town, ordering the discontinu
 ance of the Liberty Party Paper, sent to Dea.
 Chaffee; and giving as reasons, that ‘‘he
 never ordered it sent to him, and refuses to
 take it from the office.” And furthermore
 that “he prefers to take a paper that has some
 regard for truth, not filled with libels on our
 best citizens.” You very wisely ask, “was
 that letter dictated by Dea. Chaffee, or is it
 the pioduction of the Post Master himself?”
 The facts in the case are these. Mr.
 Chaffee has taken some three or four papers
 from the office, and read them. He says “he
 likes the paper very much, believes it takes
 “right grounds, &amp;c.” But feeling unable
 to subscribe and pay for the paper just now;
 and being assured by the Post Master that if
 he took them from the office, he would be
 holden for the pay, therefore simply tequest
 ed him to send a uumber back, telling him at
 the same time “he likes the paper first tale.”
 Not expecting however, that the Post Mas
 ter (an ultra whig of course) would give his
 own opinion of the paper and make him re
 sponsible for them.
 In view of these facts, it does seem strange,
 that a man should thus attempt to injure a
 paper, so completely and entirely devoted to
 the cause of truth and tighteousnesa. While
 we too prefer an editor who stands by the
 right and tiuth, we should also “prefer” a
 Post Master who “has some regard for the
 truth,” and who is not so strongly pledged to
 the support of a wicked pro-slavery party,
 that he is unwilling that a thoroughgoing
 anti-slavery paper should be taken from his
 office.
 Hoping to see no more “libels” in the
 Liberty Party Paper, we shall yet deem it
 safe to remain a reader and sustainer.
Yours for the right,
 H. N. GILBERT.
Since we received the above, we have re
 ceived the following fiom Dea. Chaffee him
 self. We give them both to the public. No
 wonder the people are indignant when such
 men as Rice hold places of power. They
 are not safe in the light of these facts. How
 much better Post Master would Dea. Chaffee
 make, or H. N. Gilbert? I'lieymust be post
 poned for such ftien as Rice. There is the
 contrast between Whigs ami Liberty Party
 men the country over.
 Pennelville, July 24th, 1850.
Mr. Editor; —I see in the 51st, No. of the
 Liberty Party Paper, by J. *M. Rice, Post
 master of Phcenix, it is stated as fol'ovvs:
 “Dea. Chaffee wishes the Liberty Party
 Paper discontinued, he never ordered it sent
 to him, and refuses to take it from the office.
 He prefers to take a paper that haa
 gard for truth, not filled with libels on our
 best citizens.”
 lam the Dea. Chaffee referred td. I told
 Mr. Rice, I was suited with the paper, but
 under present circumstances, felt unable to
 pay for it, on account of los3 of property,
 &amp;c.
I am a Liberty Party man, and will advo
 cate its principles. I think Mr. Rice has
 been very unkind to me, and to yourself like
 wise. I hope he will write no more stuff
 unrequested.
 Yety respectfully yours, &amp;c.,
 JOSEPH CHAFFEE.
[From the Hamilton Intelligencer.]
The Fourth Frederick Douglass, the
 Fugitive Slave—His Eloquence— Ilis
 History.
Cincinnati, July 17, 1850.
Dear Intelligencer: Since my last
 communication with you, the great anniversa
 ry qf American Independence, the ever-mern
 oißble 4th of this month, has come and gone,
 with about the usual effervescence of patriot
 ism, and, if anything, more than the ordinary
 waste of gunpowder on the part of the boys.
 For myself, I took advantage of the holiday,
 to escape as far as I could from the dust,
 heat and tumult of the city, and go out into
 the woods —decidedly the best place to spend
 v day when the mercury stands at 95 degrees
 or more. There are a good many delightful
 places “of nestling green” in our neighbor
 hood—the beauty of which our scenery hun
 ters do not seem to appreciate altogether,
 for the teason chiefly that they ate too near
 home. These make up to the people iri part,
 the wants of gardens ox parks in the center of
 the city, and are very much fiequented dur
 ing the summer months.
 Appropriately at this lime, amid the gener
 al rejoicing at the advent of Independence
 Day—like the slave behind the car of a R
 man conqueror in his hour of triumph, with
 his boding cry Thou too are
 erick Douglass, the -well-known fugitive
 slave, and pronounced to be one of the most
 eloquent pf men, has been making a sojourn in
 the city, and lecturing on the subject of sla
 very and kindred ones, to large audiences,
 and I had the pleasure of hearing him on one
 of these occasions. I was a little disap
 pointed for a few minutes after he began.
 There was but little in bis appearance and
 manner that indicated anything above medi
 diocrity, and I have seen many colored men
 who were much more prepossessing. His
 articulation was slow for some little time, and
 apparently labored—not evidences, certainly,
 of the orator. However this did not last
 long, and he soon got fairly afloat and before
 the wind, when he seemed to be suddenly
 transformed, and for nearly two hours this
 man —beyond all cavil or question one of the
 most extraordinary of the age—poured forth
 a perfect torrent of eloquence, invective and
 satire, such as I never had the fortune to listen
 to befoie. He gave an account of his visit to
 England, which happened about the time that
 the Evangelical Alliance of ridiculous memory
 vasin session there. He gave the whole
 history of that godly assemblage and held the
 mirrior up to some of those reverend advo
 cates of American slavery, who went there
 wiili the determination to prevent any decided
 action of the Alliance on the subject of the
 “domestic institution” by which slaveholders
 should be excluded from its privileges. His
 description of the urfily in which these
 brethren dwelt for a few days, before the
 vexed question was brought up; of their beau
 tiful professions of Christian love for one an
 other; and how they endeavored to cast aside
 all inferior questions about the sins of the
 world, and fix there whole soui3 on the glor
 ious idea of union—“a union,” said ho, in his
 eainest and eloquent way, “without human
 ity, without morality, or without leligion”—
 was most laughable, and indeed the whole
 discourse was a masterpiece of dry humor
 and terrible satire.
 As people generally seem ignorant ol
-Douglass and his history, 1 will take the opt
 portunity to relate in a few words what I
 heard of it since lie has been here. He was
 a slave in Baltimore, where he picked up
 j Irom the boys in the street the letters of the
 alphabet, and he learned to put them together,
 when he got hold ot the Columbian Orator,
 the first book he had ever had ir. his hands,
 and he was then giown. In that book, no
 doubt, his first lessons in eloquence were
 learned, and his first ideas of freedom obtain
 ed which he soon put in ptactice; and fled
 from a yoke more galling than ever Roman or
 I urk imposed, to England; and now, with no
 other resources than those that God and Na
 ture and his own indomitable soul afforded
 him, he has risen up, asserted his manhood,
 and his claims and those of all his unfortunate
 race, to freedom and the enjoyment of their
 rights, with a power and cogency equalled
 perhaps, but not often surpassed. I do not
 hesitate to call him a most eloquent man, and
 more than that an earnest truthful and whole
 souled one. It is surprising how he has ac
 quired the use of our tongue so completely in
 so short a time.—His language is entirely
 lree from barbarism, and is full of strength
 and elegance. I trust you and your fellow
 ciziten? will have the opportunity of hearing
 him before he returns home.
 The people here intend to make some
 demonstration of respect for the President, o
 which i will tell you in my next.
 Yours, PLINY.
More about the outrage committed upon
ns at Columbus, Ohio.
We clip the following from the Ohio
 Standard:
Stage Co. and Frederick Doug
 lass. —The Editor of the Summit Beacon has
 been on a flying visit to our goodly city of
 Columbus. He compliments the capital for
 its enterprise and splendid improvements, and
 says it “will stand forth the beauty of the
 west and the pride of all Buckeyedom.”
 But there was one dark shade cast over
 this beautiful picture. While Mr. Teesdale
 was in our city, he was present at the even
 ing lecture of Frederick Douglass in the State
 House where the latter was interrupted and
 the auditory grossly insulted. After noticing
 the mobbish proceedings at the State House,
 Mr. Teesdale records another fact in rela
 tion to the treatment of Douglass while here,
 not heretotore adverted to in our paper.
 We copy from the Peacon of the 54th ult.
 “To crown all, it is said that the Ohio
 Stage Co. refused the next morning to allow
 Douglass a seat inside the Coach, although
 the passengers unanin ously requested that he
 be permitted to have one. Thev told him to
 ride on the outside. He declined, having
 paid for a seat inside. He then requested
 the re-payment of his money, and we were
 told that even that was refused For the
 sake of all that is decent we hope the last
 step was not persisted in. There is enough
 ot crowning infamy in the first to cause the
 Company to make a public disavowal of the
 acts of their agent, if they were unauthor
 ized.”
W« add that the Stage Co., through their
 agents here, persisted in their refusal to re
 fund the money, and that a suit is now pend
 fng tor its recovery.
An Insuit, though not Inteuded
Mr. Badgei, last Friday, In the Senate,
 made certain declarations, extremely offen
 sive to his Northern Whig brethren. Thev
 were in tact insulting, though he did not
 mean them to be so.*
He took the ground that the true policy of
 the South was to remain in the Union: for in
 that connection it had sufficient power to pro
 tect itself against all aggression. Though in
 a minoiity, it had in its hands a most effective
 means to bring the North to terms. North
 ern men needed protection for their manu
 factures. He was one who believed that
 Congress had power to impose prohibitory or
 protective duties to any amount, and he was
 in favor of the policy of protection. But it
 Northern men would insist upon forcing their
 »«.;itinaentalii.ie«r, their notions about Slavery,
 on the South, he now would give them fair
 warning; their factories might decay; their
 operatives might be turned out of employ
 ment; their streets might be filled with able
 bodied beggars, unable to maintain work:
 they must ask no favors from him. Never
 should his vote, or that of his colleague, and
 he believed he might say the same of his
 friends from Georgia, be given in support of
 any measure to protect or foster Northern in
 dustry.
 We-cannot seethe wisdom of such a menace
 as this—especially as more than one-half of
 the Northern Senators ask no such protection,
 their principles leaning to fiee trade.
 But by iiis Whig associates from the
 North, it must have been regarded as in
 sulting: for it assumed that their opposition to
 Slavery and ils extension yas either hypo
 critical, or, if the offspring of an enlightened
 moral sente, it might be overcome by an ap
 peal to their ayarice.
Mr. Badger is a moderate man, and gen
 erally courteous and good-tempered; but in
 his instance, he strangely forgot himself, and
 what was due to his political brethren.
 We know not how far the capitalists of the
 North may be prepared to gojbr the sake of
 securing a Tariff that shall double their prof
 its, but we know, that with the great majority
 of the people of the North, opposition to the
 extension of Slavery springs from a moral
 principle, a religious sentiment, that can nei
 ther be bribed nor intimidated. —N Era.
Emancipation in Jamaica —Mr. Alexan
 der, the efficient and benevolent Secretary of
 the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society,
 has been on a visit to Jamaica, with a view
 to ascertain the real effects which the emanci
 pation has had upon the people. His testi
 mony is that of an intelligent, sincere and
 houorabie man, who has taken ample oppor
 tunity to investigete, Whether emancipation
 has been successful or not, the reader may
 !udge lronx a single paragraph of a recent
 letter:
 “We have now been five weeks in Jamai
 ca, during which time we have traveled over
 a large part of the island, and are truly glad
 to find the condition of planters, merchants,
 and laborets better than we expected. That
 of the latter especially is iu general one of
 much comfort. This fine island is not at present
 hastening to ruin, notwithstanding the severe,
 trial to which it has been exposed by the
 cruel, injurious, and inconsistent Sugar Act
 of 1846. Ir has been delightful to us to see
 the large number of the emancipated peasant
 ry and their children who are brought under
 a moral and religious influence, by the good
 men who are scattered over Jamaica. There
 can, 1 think, be little or no doubt that.pi.pula
 tion is increasing, now that the dead weight
 of slavery is removed, and there are many
 indications of an increase of cultivation, which
 will, unless I am much mistaken,. be very
 shoitly manifested by laiger exports, unless
 checked by had legislation, or the operation
 of the decreasing scale of duties at which
 foreign sugar is to be introduced for consump
 tion in Biitain.” N. 1. Evangelist.
Colored People in Ohio.—A memorial,
 numerously signed by citizens of Hamilton
 county, was presented, in the Ohio Constitu
 tional Convention during its recent session,
 which prays that in the new Constitution pro
 vision may be made for the removal of all
 colored persons from that State. The reason
 given is that the geographical position ot
 Ohio makes the State the refuge of all the
 fugitive and manumitted slaves of a number
 of Southern States, in consequence whereof
 the colored population increases more rapibly
 than in any other free State. The memorial
 says in the year 1800 there were hut 500
 negroes in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
 Illinois; but in the year 1848 they we e esti
 mated at 30,000 in the State of Ohio alone.
Speaker Cobb has published a long letter,
 approving of Clay’s Compromise,
August Elections.
1 he returns from the North Carolina elec
 tion, which look place on the first instant,
 indicate the success of the Locofoco candi
 date for Governor, and a Locofoco majority in
 the Legislature. In 1848, Gov. Manly suc
 ceeded by only 874 majority, but the Slate
 soon after gave Gen. Taylor 8,650 majority.
 Ihe Slavery question has been involved in
 this canvass, and the most inflammatory ap
 peals made to slaveholders to vote against
 Manly because he was in favor of the ad
 mission of California and New Mexico. If
lie is defeated, his defeat will be owing to the
 tact that he maintained a position unsatisfac
 tory to the Slavery exfensionists. On the
 day before the election, the Raleigh Stand
 ard, a rabid Locofoco and Slavery organ said:
 “REMEMBER, friends of Southern rights,
 that Gov. Manly has declared himself, at
 Marion and elsewhere in the west, D3=“in
 favor of the immediate admission of Califor
 nia and New Mexico as States, with Consti
 tutions prohibiting, We make
 the statement on unquestionable authority
 and ate responsible for the facts.
 “Are the people of North Carolina with
 Governor Manly on this subject? Ifthey are,
 let them talk no longer of defending their
 just rights as involved in this Slavery 5 ques
 tion; but let them bow down at once, and re
 ceive the yoke and the lash of the hands of
 Northern aggression and Free soil arrogance.
 “On this subject COL. REID IS
 He has uniformly avowed himself in favorof
 keeping out these upstart sovereignties, un
 til justice is done to the South on the Slavery
 question; and he would-keep them out indefi
 nitely, rather-than sea them admitted at the
 expense ofonr rights and interest, and in de
 fiance of our earnest warnings and remnn
 strances. Charles Manly’s re-election,there
 fore, lEr'will be the triumph of the cause of
 California and New Mexico tn North Carolina
 and will be hailed in all the free States as a
 Free soil victory in the very bosom of the
 Siates.cQl Remember that, slaveholders of
 N. Carolina, when you go up to the ballot
 box to deposit your votes.
 Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri, lowa Ala
 bama, and Arkansas, held their elections on
 Monday.—All of them, except Kentucky,
 are decided Locofoco States. We have
 seen no signs of excitement in any of them
 except Missouri, and there it results wholly
 from the quarrel between the friends and en
 emies of Col. Benton. We shall so soon
 have the results, that speculation would be
 useless.— Democrat.
F*rst of Aug’»st.
West India Emancipation was duly cele
 brated on the first irftt., on the grounds of the
 late James Adams’ Estate, now occupied by
 Reece C. Fleeson, Esq., adjoining Green
 wood gardens below Manchester. A boat ran
 during the day every hour back and forth be
 tween the ground and the city; and omni
 buses left Alleghany every half hour, all
 crowded. There was fine music, crowds of
 well dressed people of every shade of com
 plexion, and abundance of refreshments. The
 colored people deserve great credit for the
 spirit in which the affair was conducted. The
 speakers appeared to be all colored. Our
 townsman, J. B. Vashon, delivered an address,
 which we did not hear, for it closed as we ar
 rived; but we heard patt of a speech from
 a colored Episcopal preacher, that was char
 acterized by much good sense, good humor
 and sound philosophy; and all appealed in fine
 spirits when we left.— Saturday Visiter.
Abducting Slaves.—An old negro named
 Benj. Savage, for some' years past a barber
 in St. Louis, was examined before the Re
 corder upon a charge of abducting slaves from
 tneir masters; and in default ofs 5,000 bail
 was committed to jail, f rom the confes
 sions of Savage tu a perion who represented
 himself as a abolitionist and desirous of af-
fording facilities in his operations, it appears
 that nearly all the negroes who, for years
 past, have run away from this city, have
 passed under the jgency and direction of Sav
 age, who has emissaries to take them in
 charge as soon as they aie landed in Illinois;,
 and run them through to Chicago and Cana
 da. The extent of his operations is unknown
 but presumed to be extensive. Savage made
 no de lienee to the charge, and was committed
 to jail to await his trial.— St. Louis Rqt. 25th.
Slave Escaped.—A correspondent of the
 Boston Bee, states that a valuable negro,
 who had been at work as a blacksmith on the
 dry dock at Pensacola arrived at Portsmouth,
 N. H., on the 29th ult., in a vessel from that
 place. Letters have been sent to Portsmouth
 to detain the black in order that he might be
 returned, and the pilots and others were on
 the look-out for him. But some persons got
 wind of the matter, and on the arrival of the
 vessel went down to hei, in the lower harbor,
 to obtain possession of the negro, but were
 resisted by the captain and were forced to
 leave. They then procured a warrant for
 assault and batteiy, went down the second
 lime with an officer, arrested the captain, and
 summoned the negro as a witness. As soon
 as they reached the city, the captain was suf
 fered to go at large, and the slave was taken
 care of by his friends. This affair created
 coii3ideiahle excitement.
Washington, July 30, 1850.
 “The four negro domestics of Mr. Toombs
 of Georgia, made a stampede night before
 last, and left the family [to cook their own
 breakfast yesterday morning. Bad for Mr.
 Toombs, and bad for the Abolitionists!”—
 Cor. N. Y. Herald.
Why had for either! We think it is good
 for both! Let those cook the breakfast who
 own it. The slaves have been cooking and
 feeding Toombs king enough with no break
 fast they can call theirs. VVe hope to see Mr.
 Tcomb’s slaves at our Convention in Caze
 novia! We want to see the flood gates open,
 and the Slaves rushing in that direction. It
 is time they all had started already. Let
 them come along!— L. P. Paper.
A Family Emancipated.—Othello Rich
 ards, a worthy colored brother, and local
 preacher, some time since visited this part of
 the country, to obtain aid towards delivering
 his wife and family from the bondage of sla
 very. In a letter just received from him he
 says; “On the 24th of June I finished the
 great task that I had on hand. Thank the
 good Master he has done great things for
 me. I have bought iny wife and five chil
 dren. I gave for them $1,115. and for my
 daughter Caroline $475. And, thank the
 Lord, in a lew daysl expect to start, with the
 entire family, to the land of my forefathers, to
 preach Christ to the people. —Christian Ad
 vocate.
Frederick Douglass is in &gt;ur city lectur
 ing to large audiences. He h the most elo
 quent speaker we have heard; calls down
 thunders of applause, as much by his manner
 as his matter. His oratory, like all that is
 genuine, is the natural offspring of intenso
 leeling. Coming from the hean it goes to
 the heart, with almost unerring certainty.
 We learn he is to remain here until the first
 of August lecturing, and canvassing for the
 “North Star.” —Pittsburgh Visiter.
The wealth of Sir Robert Peel was so great
 that the duty of tax on the prvhate of his will,
 amounted to sixteen thousand pounds and ten
 i housand on his legacies; giving to the re
 venue of Great Britain one hundred and twen
 ty-five thousand dollars for this year. The
 parliament has decreed, and public spirit has
 promoted a monument to this statesman in
 Westminster Abbey.
ID 3 Gen. Green, who has just returned
 from California, has a male and female griz
 zly bear of the Sierra Nevada which, if he
 succeeds in bringing them alive to the Atlan
 tic States, will be a curiosity indeed. The
 giizzly bear attains the enormous weight of
 2500 pounds,
To the Friends of Freedom in Rhode-
Island,
The time for our Annual Fair is drawing
 near. It is well known to vnu that this is
 our only dependence for funds to carry on tin
 necessary Anti-Slavery movement in oui
 State. Remembering your liberality in times
 past, we make bold once more to solicit your
 aid. We do this the more freely, knowing
 that you are w tiling for an opportunity to
 “help the cause along.” We trust you are
 inquiring, “What more can I*do?” In this
 way, friends, by contributing to our Annual
 Fair, you may assist the cause of Freedom
 and do more for Humanity. Yet there are
 bondmen, who are crying to us for help.
 W e are ever ready to give them our sympaA
 ihics; but they need something more substan
 tial. When they come to us from their pris
 on-houses, something more than sympathy
 and good wishes is needed to feed and clothe
 them, until such times as they can feed and
 clothe themselves. This substantial, tangible
 aid, is what we now give you an opportunity
 to furnish.
This manner of raising help is such, that
 all who are disposed to assist, can avail them
 selves of it. Those who cannot contribute
 money, can give us their time and labor, both
 in soliciting contributions from others, and
 manufacturing articles for sale. Anything
 we can turn into money, will be acceptable—
 especially provisions for our refreshment ta
 bles. Almost every person has something
 which can be contributed. Friends, will you
 let us have it! No matter how small it may
 be; if useful, send it along. When you
 iiave contributed, be so kind as to give us
 your presence at the sale, bringing with you
 as many of your friends as possible,
 jr Our desire is to make the approaching sale
 "more e;.ienryv« anti attiactivc than any former
 one. It is for you to say whether it shall be.
 This is our appeal. We wait for a response]
 The sale will be held in this city on Wed
 nesday, (commencement Day,) September
 4th.
Contributions will be received at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, and by the undersigned. If
 sent to the Anti-Slaverv Office, please direct
 Amarancy Paine, Anti-Slavery Office, Provi
 dence, R. I.
 Mary 11. Adams, East Greenwich,
 Ann F. Westcott, N. Providence,
 Susan R. Harris, Providence,
 Mary R. Clarke,
 Mary Steward,
 Sarah R. Smith
 Abby Thurber,
 Lucrevia Francis
 Elizabeth H. Smith,
 Olive Maber,
 Sophia D. Peck,
 Parthena P. Janes,
 Anna M. Scott
 Hannah B. Red way
 Sarah A. Foster
 Abby Burgess, Pawtucket,
 Sarah Gould, Coventry,
 Mary Anthony,
 Sarah J. Biown,
 Mary W. Greene, Apponang,
 Rebecca P. Aldrich, Greenville,
 Betsey F. Lawton, Cliepachet,
 Joanna C. Ballou, Cumberland,
 Sophia L. Little, Newport,
 Caroline A Robbins,
 Frances Clark,
 Priscilla Coffin, Olneyville.
To the Friends of impartial Education.
-The undersigned, on behalf of the colored
people, of the city ot Albany, do respectfully
 represent,
 That such of the colored children who, up
 to March last, attended the different District
 Schools of the city, were, by vote of the
 School Commissioners, excluded from said
 schools, and driven to the alternative of attend
 ing one set apart for their exclusive use, or
 li&gt;uc ihc benefit of the public school act.
 Feeling it to be wrong to permit our chil
 dren to be thus driven from the schools of the
 district in which they reside, without resist
 ing it, and knowing that this new outrage
 upon our rights, involved a principle which
 we should battle against, and which should
 lead us to unite our energies tor the purpose of
 having our children educated, promiscuously
 with other children: Therefore the people
 came together, and resolved to protest against
 the cause taken by the Board of Education, a
 memorial was drawn up setting forth in te
 3pectful terms, yet earnestly our views, and
 feelings upon theii course, and our determina
 tion to oppose them in their efforts to coloize
 our children in a district school. They took
 no notice of our appeal, and cur next resort
 was, to apply to the Secy, of State, who de
 cided he had no authoriry to interfere with
 the commissioners, arrangement, thus we were
 left to the counsel as to the manner best to
 proceed in order to gain our rights, and after
 several public meetings, concluded to test the
 legality of their act by prosecuting them at a
 court of law.
Our attorney and counselor, after carfully
 examining the question in all its bearings,
 have decided that there can be no doubt, as
 to law, or precedent, but that a decision must
 he given in favor of the prosecution.
 The object of this appeal ts to get pecuniary
 assistance front friends out of the city, believ
 ing it to be such an object as we may with
 propriety ask such aid, we do so hoping that
 all who can give, will give something. Of
 ourselves we ate not able (pecuniarily) to
 conduct this suit; and so far, we yet lack
 about two hundred and fifty dollars, and trust
 no one who feels any interest in promoting the
 principles of Free and Equal Education, will
 permit our case to be forgoten.
 w. p. Mclntyre.
 Chairman Committee.
 N. B. Please address—“ Fr. Van Yranken,
 Treasurer, 31 State St., Albany, N. Y.”
 Albany, Aug. 1850.
JG 3 Kossuth, the Hungarian leader,denies
 that the, “Farewell Address,” so generously
 republished in this country, was written by
 him.
Receipts
 For the North St ar, from the Bth to the 15 tk
 of August.
John M. Langston 25,00
 Corning Anti-Slaveiy Society 10,00
 Mrs. M. A. Harris 2,00
 Gen. William Larimer 2,00
 'Cavie Richardson 2,00
 .1. E. Grant 1,00
 P. Harris 2,00
 Hon. E. P. Tache 1,00
 From Samuel Brooke 4,00
 Sarah Huggins 1,00
From the Fall River Monitor, Mass,
\VISTAR.’S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY.
 This medicine, prepared by a long experienced
 and skilful physician, tested and approved by a
 great number of intelligent, distinguished and re
 spectable persons in various parts of the country, is
 now received, and used with entire confidence and
 with great success by those afflicted with pulmonary
 complaints. It is also recommended as a valuable
 medicine for other diseases, such as coughs, coids,
 and particularly diseases whose tendency is to con
 sumption.
IMPORTANT FROM CANADA.
Quebec, July 24, 1848.
 To all who are afflicted with Asthma:
 I have at different times been afflicted with severe
 colds, which produced in my case the Asthma, I
 have, on these occasions, used Dr. Wistar’s Balsam'
 of Wild Cherry. Two years ago I was quite sick,
 so much so that I could not rest nights. 1 procut
 ed of the agent of this city, a bottle of this Ba'sr.m
 of Wild Cherry. Before'l had taken the whole of
 it I felt relieved. 1 continued taking it, until I had
 used three or four bottles, wl ich completely cured
 me. The present season I took another* severe
 cold, and immediately resrored to this Balsam, and
 a part ofone hotile had the desired effect. I there
 fore cheerfully recommended my friends and ail oth
 ers who need it, to try this medicine for their coughs
 and colds, and particularly the Asthma.
 Kespeetfully yours,
 »VM McGRATII.
 None genuine nnless signed I. BUTTS on the
 wrapper.
For sale by Post Willis; also by Wm
 PiYkin.
35dcrti 0 c m c n 1 5
Job Printing!—Job Printing
CORNER OF BUFFALO AND EXCHANGE STS.,
 OVER I. BELDEN’S HARDWARE STORE.
SMITH CLOUGH,
Having recently madeariditions to their extensive
 Job I‘rinting Office, are prepared to execute all or
 ders with neatness and despatch, and on as liberal
 terms as any establishment in Western New Vol k
 —steam or no steam. With a new and improved
 card press from the works of Iloe Co., and all
 the late styles of type, we flatter ourselves that our
 work of this kind cannot lie surpassed. “Try Us.”
 Way Bills, Shipping Bills,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Books, fagphlets, &amp;c.,&amp;c.,
 Done in style, at short notice.
 C. SMITH. W. B. CI.OUGH.
Old Ladies Take Notice!
 I HAVE now on hand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BAN !)S, to cover up the
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of the
 head and temples—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can lie bought in the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India llair Dye, for coloring the
 hair black.
 OCf-Cash paid for Human Hair.
WONDERFUL BOOK.
NOW READY.
The Mysterious Noises
 TN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 A History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications &amp;c. &amp;c., —price, single,
 12$cts —10 copies for sl. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from sls to $25 rrquiree, and
 the agent will ba indemnified against loss.
 I). M. DEWEY,
 Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
mar 29—4t
Hope &amp;raud Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
THE HOPE GRAND UNION Dangliters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would tnoat respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the Statdof Penn
 sylvania.
Terms for Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. S. No: 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
NEW ENGLANDER:
A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, R&gt;form and Jn
telligonce gcnorally.
WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK
EDITORS.
IT is universally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stones,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Ltterary Notings
 and Pickings, and a eomplete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 (0- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Poston
From the New York Tribune
Water-Cure. —In another page of this paper
 wiii be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Dr. W. as a political lefnst-., from Dresden, and
 are now happy t«» chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,"will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
1)R. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS —Dr. MUN
 DE respectiully informs his friends and the
 public, that he has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Water-CureEstahlishment at Bensonville,
 miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Aibany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer ail the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his .writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO TIIE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks,
selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We w'ould say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at .§‘3,50
 each.
Our stock of rich Black Silks, '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The ©lMurosHy Slior,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell Hon. v and Store, Frrni
 ’ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed ali those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for whieli he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 ami despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Dental Surgery.
T would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 land surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
Thankful for past favors in die line of my profes
 sion, and battering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous cj having operations performed on the teeth or
 of Imving teeth inserted to call on me and satin!)
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on die
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848* V*
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
All the medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post Willis, Winslow Young, Ro
 chester S. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Lewiston; T. A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nyv, Pittsford; W. Williams, Buffalp; and by
 mo't druggists throughout the Uuited States.
 family ointment.
Q LOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally ac,’
 knewledged to lie an infailiible remedy, in every
 case wheru it has I men faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 ot the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, back, and the
 ti* ICr U art f; l ,e system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40JLake si., Chicago, 111.
doctoring in galena.
Mr. Sloan:-— Dear Sir. ALout three years age
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by the
 tailing of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment iny other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again- but in order
 that I might neglect no means tviliim my reach, 1
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o’’ my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
ju 6 3*
1 liese tacts I make known, that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using to -rokrable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
Mr. W. R. Sir: I hereby Certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in bis feet from the time be first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skillfull of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times lie was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft am! free from cracks, all
 from one application of your v)intnient, l would say
 the boy put it on himself as au experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy cute, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other*
 wise. Yours, &amp;c.
ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Str: In my opinion,
 Ihe greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest, resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to l&gt;e a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 ootild not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much if any lienefit, w hen
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 in Vhe world.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS^
W. D. Sloan:—
Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to lie. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses-
 SlOn*
I feel jindedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN 11. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Purity, Mildness, Safety, fdertainty i
 L and Thoroughnesi SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases:
Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalis, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the liodv; and
 lias proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
Cannot lie said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our.neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastify their approbation in no
 ordinal-)- terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures,almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 1849.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
Extract from the Waukesha Democrat Wit.
 May 9,1849.
“Sloan’s Medicines.” —A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Iloise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the lavorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are piepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir —Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher liill, Indiana, had k
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied yonr
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In less than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse w-as not only fit for use, but was actually put to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Vours, respectfully
L. S. BARTLETT.,
 Cmicaoo',XlU June 9, 1950,
Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
TOO MUCH
