floetra.
DEATH OP SIR ROBERT PEEL
[by martin f. tuppek.
Struck down at noon amid the 3tartled throng,
 An eagle *bot while soaring to the sun;
 A wounded gladiator dying strong,
 As loth to leave the glories he had won;
 A life-long patriot, with his work half done,
 .Of thee, great statesman, shall my mourning, song
 Arise in dread solemnity!—of thee,
 Whom the wide world, so lately and so long
 Thine acolite, would crowd to hear and see
 Their intellectual Athlete, their high name
 For eloquence, and prudence, gifts, and powers:
 But lo! that starry mind, a heavenly flame,
 Is well enfranchised from this earth of ours,
 Translated in the ze iitli of its fame!
 Albury, July 4, 1830.
[From Burritl’9 Christian Citizen.]
 THE LAND OF SLAVES.
Tell me where the star-gemmed banner floats upon
 the western breeze,
 Where the eagle fromliis eyrie looks on earth’s two
 mightiest seas;}
 Where the giant Mississippi to the deep its tribute
 pours;
Where, untiring, unceasing ever, great Niagara’s
 thunder roars;
 Where on fertile plains unmeasured bright the
 golden harvest waves,
 Tell me this, and I will tell you where there is a
 I.AND OF SLAVES 1
There the white man forges tetters for his dark
 skinned brothel*f&gt; hand,
 There he hunts him with the bloodhound, scars him
 with the burning brand;
 There the wife, torn from her husband, bartered is
 for glittering gold,
 And the mother from her children into distant bond
 age sold;
 There no hope for millions corneth till they slumber
 in the grave,
 There, accursed by his traflic, e’en the white man
 is a slave!
True, his limbs are fiee, unshackled; but the great
 and deathless mind,
 That should travel with the lightning, soar unfetter
 ed as the wind,
 Touched by slavery’s blighting finger, blackened by
 its burning heat,
 Prostrate falls before the idol, lowly crouching at
 its feet.
In alternate links combining, prejudice and pride
 can roll,
 A* it were, a chain of iron firmly round the immor
 tal soul.
Ho, Columbia! is the spirit of thy Pilgrim Fathers
 fled 1
Slay! are Truth and Justice buried with thy great
 and noble dead
 Could the heavy clank of fetters raise those patri
 ots from the grave,
 Would they breathe the air polluted by the pres
 ence of the sieve”?
 No! their eager Jiands outstretching, down the man
 acles should fall,
 And the sun shine on a country where the men were
 free men all.
Oh! how are the mighty fallen from the heights
 they climbed of yore!
 Loudly boasting still of freedom—they are Free
 dom’s sons no more.
 One, the pride of Massachusetts, has eclipsed a life
 won fame,
 And the dark cloud of dishonor rests upon his well-
known name:
 Aye, and in the Empire City mobs the freeman's
 voice can drown,
 While the powers that be” stand idle, quailed
 beneath a ruffian’s frown!
And—oh! shame' upon thee, city! there the noble
 Douglass stood,
 With the Christian’s holy patience, and a hero’s
 fortitude,
While tb e heavy blows descending fell upon his
 noble form,
 Firm, erect, unyielding ever, as an oak amid the
 storm.
 Empire City! thy dominion none will envv&gt; none
 will crave;
Thou, not Douglass, art degraded! thou to slavery
 art a slave!
O Columbia! I would warn thee: Rush not blindly
 on thy fate!
 God is just; and th nigh lorffr-suffering—not forever
 will he wait.
Read and ponder well the story, how in Mizriam’s
 ancient land,
 We the suffering slaves delivered with a mighty,
 outstretched hand.
 Stay not till the plagues are on thee,lest, perchauco,
 a funeral cry,
 Rond and long, strangely mingle with the shout of—
 Liberty!
Medbury, England
[From the New York Tribune.]
 “LET THERE BE LIGHT.”
BY MRS. F. H. COOKE.
God said, ‘‘Let there lie light!” the glorious ward
 Thrilled to the bosom of primeval Night,
 And hovering choirs of listening angels heard
 And echoed back the mandate with delight.
 They hailel the boon those simple words con
 ferred,
Let there be light!”
Still though uncounted years have rolled away
 Since Earth first reveled in a gift so bright,
 Some lingering clouds obstruct the rising day,
 The powers of Darkness are not vanquished
quite.
 Humanity hath often missed the way
 Let there be light!”
Light for the sons of bondage; for the slave,
 hose fate degrades hirn from his manhood’s
height:
 Light for the master, too, to bless and save
 From the dark curse that palsies half his might.
 For him, the tempted, Heaven’s best boon we
crave,
 Let there be light!”
Light for the doomed one in his lonely cell,
 Waiting Conviction’s last, most fearful rite:
 Light from the brother-bands that pealed his knell,
 Claiming the Avenger’s office to requite.
 Law-makers! Jurors! Judges! where ve dwell
 Lei there lie light!”
Light for the poor down-trodden, as they toil
 Long hours, with weary limbs and aching sight:
 Light for the revellers in the costly spoil
 Torn from their brethren, On their forehead#
 write,
“The Oak shuts not the Daisy from the soil.”
 Let there be light.”
Light for the injured, wheresoe’er they dwell,
 And the sweet ties that suffering hearts unite:
 Light for the injurers, too, for none may tell
 How much their hearts have struggled for the
 Right.
 Guilt is mistake., Then bid the chorus swell,
 “Let there be light!”
They are slaves who fear to speak
 For the fallen and the weak;
 They are slaves who will not choose
 Hatred, scoffing and abuse,
 Rather than in silence shrink
 From the truth they need must think;
 They are slaves who dare not be
 In the right with two or three.”
NEW MEXICO—ITS POPULATION.
The timely movement of the people
 of New Mexico, by which they have
 placed themselves in the position of
 State sovereignty, enabling them to
 demand as their constitutional right ad
 mission into the Union, on a footing of
 equality with the other States, seems
 to give entire satisfaction to all save
 the slavery-propagandists of the South
 and their allies at the North. The for
 mer class of opponents openly deny the
 right of the people of New Mexico to
 exclude slavery. The latter are not
 exactly prepared to take this ground,
 and are under the necessity of present
 ing objections to the admission of the
 new State, drawn from the character
 of its population. Accordingly we are
 told, by men professing to be the ad
 vocates of ultra democracy and the lar
 gest liberty that the Indian and Mexi
 can voters of New Mexico are unfit for
 political freedom, and the exercise of
 the rights of self-government.
 The delegate from New Mexico, N.
 H. Smith estimates the population of
 the territory in round numbers at 80,000
 Of these some 15,000 are the descend
 ants of the Aztecs, the semi-civilized
 founders of those ancient cities, the
 ruins f which, scattered over Mexico,
 attest their original splendor and the
 skill of their artificers. They are the
 best farmers of New Mexico, living in
 compact villages, surrounded by fruit
 trees, gardens, and great fields of corn
 and melons. The report 01 Lieut. J.
 W. Albert,of his “Examination of New
 Mexico, in the years 1846—’47,”
 gives minute descriptions ofsome of the
 principal Pueblo or Indian towns.
 The houses are from two to three sto
 ries high, firmly constructed of sun
 dried bricks, or rough stone, plastered
 with clay or the glittering white of sel
 enite. Each village has its church, its
 padre, an alcade, or chief magistrate.
 The inhabitants are industrious, peace
 able, and kind-hearted. They are
 lovers of flowers and fruit trees, and
 Lieut. Albert says he could at first
 sight distinguish an Indian from a Span
 ish town, by the green clump of trees
 which enclosed it. They raise large
 numbers of common domestic fowls,
 and, like their Aztec ancestors, have a
 fancy for taming birds. In dress and
 appearance they scarcely suffer
 in comparison with their Castilian
 neighbors. Col. Emory, in his report
 to the Secretary of War of his Explor
 ations in New Mexico, gives the por
 trait of an Indian woman, painted from
 life, in the parlor of the Indian alcade
 of Isoletta. It is a picture of remarka
 ble beauty; the figure full and grace
 fully moulded,and the features delicate
 ly chiselled. The women are very tol
 erable housewives, and our officers,
 who during the late war had occasion
 to partake of their hospitality, speak of
 their well-loaded tables, their sponge
 cakes, fine wheaten loaves, and do
 mestic wines.
 These Pueblo Indians were the first
 to welcome the American troops to
 New Mexico. Thoy disliked the Mex
 ican rule, as it constantly reminded
 them of the days of the Conquest and
 the subjugation of their ancestors.
 Colonel Emory does not hesitate to pro
 nounce them “the best and most peace
 able citizens of New Mexico.” It
would certainly be a most ungrateful
 return to these people, if their State
 should be denied a place in the Ameri
 can Confederacy on the ground that
 they are unworthy of the rights of citi
 zenship.
 As to the Mexican or Spanish part
 of the population, they are, to say the
 least quite as well fitted for the duties
 and responsibilities of State govern
 ment as the old inhabitants of Louisiana
 and Florida, when those States were
 taken into the Union. They are not an
 enterprising hard-working people—the
 majority content themselves with the
 simple necessaries of life—they have
 neither the thriftiness nor the shifti
 ness of Yankees. They have a few
 books, and no newspapers. Yet they
 are by no means deficient in the rudi
 ments of education; each village has its
 padre, more or less learned, and Lieut.
 Albert says it is rare to find a New
 Mexican boy or girl who is unable to
 read. Many of the old landed propri
 etors are wealthy, living in a style of
 rude magnificence: exhibiting upon
 their tables massive silver plate, the
 product of New Mexican mines and the
 work of New Mexican artizans, and
 hanging their walls with mirrors and
 paintings. Their sons are educated in
 the United States or Mexico. Several
 have graduated at the St. Louis col
 lege. Some of their private residences
 are spacious, and not without archi
 tectural pretension. That of Senor
 Ortoiro, at Peralta, has a front pertail
 or pi&amp;zza of five hundred feet in length.
 At Peralta Albuquerque, El Paso, Pad
 dilla, and Bernallilo, our officers found
 polite and intelligent society. All
 classes are courteous and civil in their
 social intercourse; crimes of the high
 est degree are unfrequent, but, as in
 all parts of Mexico, gaming is a prev
 alent vice. In the Northern part of
 the Territory there is a good deal of
 intemperance, and the famous Taos
 whiskey is too freely used. Lower
 down, the light, delicious wines of E
 Paso are in common use. The Amer
 icans who visit them have the reputa
 tion of hard drinkers, and when Col
 Emory on one occasion, declined the
 proffer of a bottle of whiskey, the as
 tonished Mexican exclaimed, “What
 no whiskey! then you are no Ameri
 can!”
ELIZABETH.
To the restless, unsatisfied, grasp
 ing Anglo-Saxon, the careless ease and
 listleness and simple pastoral habits of
 'the New Mexicans are well calculated
 to awaken a feeling of contemptuous
 superiority on the part of the former.
 But it may be a question, after all,
 whether the dolce far niente, the quiet
 indifference of the one is n'ot as pro
 ductive of happiness as the goading ir
 ritability and habitual unrest of the
 other.
livery year, the tide of emigration
 setting towards us from the old world,
 brings to our shores the poor, the ig
 norant, and vicious, in numbers far
 greater than the entire population of
 New Mexico. These are incorporated
 in our body politic, and in the new
 Slates, and Territories, speedily be- j
miscellaneous.
BY J. G. WHITTIER.
come voters. We would not, if we
 could, close our ports against them,
 and refuse them an asylum in our,
 broad territory. But who would notj
 prefer to the refuse and squalid over
 plus of crowded European cities, and
 the annual disgorgements of their jails
 and work-houses, the quiet home-lov
 ing and pastoral life of New Mexico,'
 who for the last quarter of a century
 have exercised the rights of citizens ofj
 a republic, apd whose insulated posi-i
 tion, if it has deprived them in some
 measure of the benefits of the general
 progress of civilization, has at the same
 time preserved them from some of the
 worst vices which that civilization has
 carried in its train.
But, as things are, what avail all
 facts and argument on this point! It
 is not manifest to the wisdcm of this
 great Republic,in Congress assembled,
 that these New Mexicans are incapa
 ble of duly appreciating our cherished
 institutions, inasmuch as they have
 prohibited forever domestic slavery in
 their State Constitution? They have
 left out the key of the arch, they have
 rejected “the corner-stone of the re
 publican edifice.” They need to wait
 yet longer in Territorial limbo—pros
 elytes of the gate, tarriers at Jericho
 until the beard of their democracy has
 grown to cover the shame and folly ol
 their anti-slavery partialities. Their
 task just now is plainly that which
 Senator Webster has assigned to
 Massachusetts. They must “conquer
 their prejudices.” Whenever they
 shall have accomplished this, and are
 ready to present themselves at the
 door of the Union with a Constitution
 modelled after that of South Carolina,
 they will find their present opponents
 transformed into chivalrous friends,
 with whom a recognition of the rights
 of the peculiar institution will prove as
 the “open sesame” of Ali Baba did to
 the Forty Theives. —National Era.
A FABLE.
In ancient times, when flowers, and
 trees, and fairies were on speaking
 terms, and all friendly together, one
 fine summer’s day, the sun shone out
 on a beautiful garden, where there
 were all sorts of flowers that ye could
 mention, and a lovely but giddy Fairy
 went sporting about from one to the
 other, (although no one could see her,
 because of the sunlight,) as gay as the
 morning lark; then says the Fairy to
 the rose—“ Rose, if the sun was cloud
 ed, and the storm came on, would you
 shelter and love me still?” “Do you
 doubt me?” says the rose, and redden
 ed up with anger. “Lily,” says the
 Fairy to another love, if the sun was
 clouded, and a storm came on, would
 ye shelter and love me still? Oh?
 do you think I would change?” says
 the lily, and she grew still paler with
 sorrow. Tulip,” said the Fairy, “if
 the sun was clouded, and a storm came
 on, would ye shelter and love me still
 Upon my word,” said the tulip, mak
 ing a very gentlemanlike bow, Ye’re
 the first lady that ever doubted my
 constancy.” So the Fairy sported on,
 joyful to think of her kind and bloom
 ing friends. She revelled away for a
 time, nnd-tlven she thought on the pale
 blue Violet that was almost covered
 with its broad green leaves; and al
 though it was an old comrade, she
 might have forgotten it, had it not been
 for the sweet scent that came up from
 the modest flower. “Uh, Violet,” said
 the Fairy, “if the sun was clouded,
 and a storm came on, would ye shelter
 and love me still?” And the Violet
 made answer, “Ye have known me
 long, sweet Fairy, and in the first
 spring-time, when there were but few
 other flowers, ye used to shield from
 the cold blast under my leaves; now
 ye’ve almost forgotten me—but let it
 pass—try my truth if ever ye should
 meet with misfortune—but I sav noth
 ing. Well, the at that,
 and clapped her silvery wings, and
 whisked singing off on a sunbeam; but
 she was hardly gone, when a black
 cloud grew up at the north all in a min
 ute, and the light was shrouded, and
 the rain fell in slashings like hail, and
 away flies the Fairy to her friend the
 Rose. “Now, Rose, says she, “(he
 rain has come, so shelter and love me
 still.” I can hardly shelter my own
 buds,” said the Rose, “but the Lily
 has a deep cup.” Well, the poor little
 Fairy’swings were almost wet through,
 but she got to the Lily. “Lily,” says
 she, “the storm has come, so shelter
 and love me still.” I am sorry,
 says the Lily, but if I were to open
 my cup, the rain would beat in like fun,
 and my seed would be spoilt—the Tulip
 has long leaves. Well, the Fairy
 was down-hearted enough, but she
 went to the Tulip, whom she always
 thought a sweet-spoken gentleman.—
 He certainly did not look as he had
 done in the sun, but she waved her lit
 tle wand, and, “Tulip,” said she, “the
 rain and storm are come, and I am very
 weary, but you will shelter and lovo
 me still?” “Begone,” says the Tulip,
 be off,” says he; a pretty pickle I
 should be in, if I Jet every wandering
 trollop come about me.”
 Well, by this time she was tired,
 and her wings hung dripping at her
 back, wet indeed—but there was no
 help for it, and, leaning on* her silver
 wand, she limped off to the Violet;
 and the darling little flower, with its
 blue eye, that’s as clear as a kitten’s,
 saw her coming, and never a word she
 spoke, but opened her broad green
 leaves, and took the wild wandering
 little creature to her bosom, and 'dried
 her wings, and then breathed sweetest
 of perfumes over her, and sheltered
 her until the storm was clean gone.—
 Then the humble Violet spoke, and
 said, “Fairy Queen, it is bad to flirt
 with many, for the love of one true
 heart is enough for earthly woman or
 fairy spirit; the old love is better than
 the gay compliments of the world of
 flowers, for it will last when the others
 fade away.”
 And the Fairy knew that what the
 Violet said was true; and she contented
 herself ever after, and built her downy
 bower under the wide-spreading Violet
 leaves that sheltered her from the rude
 winter’s wind and the hot summer’s
 sun, and to this very day the fairies
 love the violet beds
Id? 34 We should be cautious how we
 indulge in the feelings of virtuous in
 dignation. It.is the handsome brother
 of anger and hatred,
From the Louisville Examiner.
 GROWTH OF COFFEE AND PEP
 PER IN JAVA.
In extent Java is about seven hun
 dred miles in length, and it varies from
 eighty to one hundred and forty miles
 in width. Its area is less than twenty
 thousand square miles. The face of
 the country is more or less broken by
 mountains, but the soil generally is
 rich and productive. The products
 are rice, sugar, coffee, peper, spiees,
 and a profusion of the finest tropical
 productions growing. Coffee is culti-j
 vated here to as great perfection as in
 almost any other part ot the world. It
 grows upon large bushes, that very
 much resemble our large chairkapin
 bushes, and the grains of coffee are
 formed two in a berry, about the size
 and shape of our common plum The
 skin of the berry is about as thick as,
 that of the plum, and the color, when
 ripe, a pale scarlet.
 The bush is very productive. Every
 branch is loaded with the berries,
 which grow two jn a place, on opposite
 sides of each other, and about an inch
 and a half apart. When ripe, the skin
 bursts open, and the grains of coffee
 fall out upon the ground; but a more
 way is to spread something
 under the bush, and shake the coffee
 down. After the outer skin is taken
 off'there remains a kind of husk over
 each kernel, which is broken off’, after
 being well dried in the sun, by heavy
 Rollers. The coffee, after this, needs
 winnowing, in order to be freed from
 the broken particles of the husk. It
 has been said by some writers that
 one bush will not, with another, aver
 age more than a pound of coffee;
 though it seemed to me, judging from
 appearances, that this was too small
 an allowance for each bush.
 Biack pepper is also raised to some
 extent on the island of Java; but Suma
 tra, which lies just across the straits, is
 by far the most celebrated for this com
 modity. Her pepper is, perhaps, the
 finest and most abundant of any in the
 world. Black pepper grows on a vine,
 very much like our grape vine, and the
 pepper vineyards remind me very much
 of our American vineyards of grapes.
 The pepper grows, and looks, when
 green, a good deal like our currants.
 There is this difference, however; the
 currant has each its own distinct stem,
 but the pepper has not. Every grain
 grows hard on to one common stem,
 just as each grain of Indian corn does
 on the cob, or husk, as Virginians in
 correctly would say. The color of
 pepper when first ripe, is almost a
 bright red, and changes to the dead
 black, common to us, by being exposed
 to the heat of the sun.
The famous white pepper is nothing
 more than the common black, with the
 outer skin taken off. It is first soaked
 until this skin bursts open, which is
 then rubbed off and the grain dried.
 The white is not considered so pungent
 as the black, though, it is nicer and
 more expensive, as more labor is ne
 cessary in order to prepare it.
Replying to a Beggar.— The Duke
 of Wellington is famous for his pithy
 arid laconic style of speaking and writ
 ing, almost as much as for his vigorous
 and decisive mode of acting on the
 battle-field. His military despatches
 and his speeches in Parliament were
 always remarkable for their directness,
 brevity, and point. Here is a a speci
 men of the “refreshing” Abernethy
 like coolness and brevity which some
 times characterize his notes. A rector
 of a parish in one of the midland
 counties of England, wishing to collect
 subscription to repair his church,
 begged assistance by letter of many of
 the most distinguished men in the coun
 try, the “Iron Duke” included. The
 following was Wellington’s reply. An
 autograph hunter, it is said, on being
 shown the communication, promptly
 offered five guineas for it, which was
 accepted, and the sum set down as the
 Duke’s contribution. Rather cute idea,
 that, wasn’t it? —Yankee Blade.
“F. M. the Duke of Wellington,
 presents his compliments to Mr.
 As Mr. feels that his letter needs
 apology, the Duke will say no more on
 that subject, but he must add that,
 there is not a church, chapel, glebe
 house, school, or even a pagoda, built
 from the North to the South pole, or
 within the utmost limits of the earth,
 to which he (the Duke of Wellington)
 is not called upon to contribute; the
 Duke is surprised that Mr. hav
 ing already raised £7,500 towards the
 restoration of his church, should make
 application to the Duke, who has noth
 ing to say either to or to
 shire.”
Jenny Lind.— A letter from Stock
 holm, of the 24th ult., says:
 “The day before yesterday Mdlle.
 Jenny Lind arrived here from Lubeck,
 by the steamer Gaulhioa. At the land
 ing place, the celebrated cantatrice was
 received by a great number of young
 girls, all clothed in white, who offered
 flowers and wreaths to her. A carrage
 drawn by four white horses, sent by
 the Philharmonic Society, conducted
 Mdlle. Lind to her hotel, where some
 appartinents had been prepared for her.
 In the evening the. houses adjoining
 the hotel were illuminated by lights
 placed at all the windows; a chorus of
 professors and dilletanle executed a
 sernade under her windows, and hun
 dred of young men promenaded the
 principle streets of the town in proces
 sion, carrying flambeaux. Mdlle. Lind
 will give six concerts at the Royal
 Theatre at Stockholm. According to
 the custom here when a noted artist ar
 rives, the tickets for the places are put
 up to public sale; more then 15,000
 persons disputed their possession, and
 they have been sold, at exorbitant
 prices.—Mdlle. Lind will quit. Stock
 holm towards the middle of July for the
 waters of Ems. Her engagement in
 the United States commences on the Ist
 of October; but she will not embark for
 that country before the month of Sep
 tember.”— Gem of the Prairie.
Genius, invention, rends
 the veil that separates existence from
 possibility, peeps into the dark, and
 catches a shape, a feature or a color
 in the reflected ray.—Talent though
 panting pursues genius through the
 plains of invention, but stops short at
 the brink that separates the real from
 the possible.
'TYboertiscments.
Asylum for the Sick.
DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange-Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas ethat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
This Establishment i 3 designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk-or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astouisherl at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they fjrst came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the VV'oinb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspe|isia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kindß,Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 •The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need lie to any
 expense in this Institution without being hanefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 nay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before lie com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepresentatious and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor knbw what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, beoause
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and car. have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it’up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over f-vtn-y t)if
 ferenfsyslem of practice.
All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 ■HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortiie proprietor to meet the above expenses if;
 required.
ATHOL WATER PURE.
r OIIE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 A of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistilled.” The location is quite eligible, being-but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for w’alks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The follow ing case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to w alk half aj
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel j
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets]
 a dozen towels marked, with old linen for
 bandages.
_ Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection oi
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 wilhothers, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Roods.
IyrANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 lTi. duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 t itth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored•
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding-
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. j u J tf
Colored Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street, Neio York,
L RIENDS of the slave, and strangers on a visit
 J to New l ork, can now’ be accommodated with
 as good Board, ami at as low'a price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons,
 r amiltes can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 ■L vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 7 hey warran e tilde satis)actum
REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sep!4 6ia
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers w-e would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their w ives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 V\ e are using water in all the various w ays in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH 12 I, E CTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 halt the time it takes under arty other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to lie successful, w hich is not
 the case one time in ten.
Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 w-hicli are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 inlior, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not w alked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
Such n our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
PROPOSITION:
W r e. will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are rwt helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their ow n
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking without
 finding it; that here they will not spend weir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties si
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 7 he most helpless and feeble cases, who have been conj
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ud
 a:id down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is s übjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. 8.-—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system ol treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty- can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free ol
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves iu curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toIIALSTED
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Kev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
TOHN D. REYALLON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 •ntHPerftmrery Emporium, 144, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width,
 line and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
C, r^“i C lico Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 leduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fi-atul heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.&amp;
 ÜBin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 I tunnels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton 1 willed Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 colm-ed COUOJ1 Vari Uß Nod bleached, brown,and
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar,
 isrown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 I he whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 ol country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 loduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large tlie assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
TUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 (J of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37£ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those w ho purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal o{
 Women from various authors, 12£ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture lie fore the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by 11. M.
 Parkluirst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsoin
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefii
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to tie directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j u tf
“Every Wan tils own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
TUST PUBLISHED, a new.and valuable book
 O for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailvfpractice, bv
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12J cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes”
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate,|for both
 malt and /smalt.
The book has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and hv a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. \Ve can recommend
 it with entire conn%tice, as being a work superior
 in all respects to Hiiy other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy aud have it at all limes at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive ami protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a liook
 should lie in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 m tune ..1 need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should lie
 without it.
The liook is pm up in Paper binding, and can
 easily lie sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aart of the United States.
 Any person sending us one dollar bv mail and
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall’ have four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 Sum in your orderss, there is no risk iu sending
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and the l&gt;ooks
 always reach tlPir destination.
 OCU Four families can chib together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four hooks sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it il
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from #2O
 to #SO will lie necessary for each agent. Address
 oost paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved tint this
 1 UNIVERSAL remedy* L not iu iSll
 on the list ol popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 dertul efleets on the animal economy is almost ,hj| v
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 pow-ers in the cure of
DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it lias been successfully- employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed-
 RHEUMATISM. PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from focal causes, Caked*
 Breasts, ontractionsof the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;e.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 V istula, Sitjast, Strains, Lameness,
 ni? Feet, Scratches,
 OR CREASE, MANGE, E'ARCY, fyc. §-c.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,*nd others who have used the Oil
 ol cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in npecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 1 lieceltUrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where externa!
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. 1„ such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 I'rom the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 S£ £ii PARMER and STAGE PRO
 FRIEiOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered
 "behave been so well adapted toftie prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it lias bees
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 r or instance, read the lollowing:
TO OWNERS OF HORSES
 1 his is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses
 and have made use of Merchant’3 Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per month, and re
 eonunend it to the public as the best medicine for
 horses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will b«
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 bold by respectable dealers generally in the I’ni
 ted States and Canada.
Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. &gt;Vadf
 Rochester.
H E Gay ord Henderson Panderson, Cleve’
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 n Vt-'T McClure Co, Albany
 p l nn r°’ Greeill «»n Smith, Util
 la, 1 D Orris Co, I roy, NY. July 13—Cm]
British Periodical Literature.
il he London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 1 he JSorth British Review, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackieood’s Edinburgh Magazine,
 THE wide-spread fame of these" splendid period.
 I cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 is literary organs, they stand far in advance o
 ay thing o! the sort now published, while the polit
 ■al complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 indor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 l a parly character.
 1 hey embrace the views of the three great parties
 i England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Blark
 ood and the London Quarterly are Tory the
 dinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 er Review Radical. The North British Re
 lew is more of a religious character, bavins been
 iginallv edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 s death, being conducted by his son-in-law Dr
 anna, associated with Sir David Brewster. ld
 erary character is of the very highest order. The
 estininster, though reprinted under that title only J
 pubhseed in England under the title of The FoV
 gn Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 ion of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 printed under separate titles, it has, therefore
 e advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 irk the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 'I he above Periodicals are reprinted in New York*
 mediately on their arrival by the British steamers’
 a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 faitldiil copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 igazine, being an facsimile at the Edinburgh
 itiou. 6
 ICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 r any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum,
 r any two do 5 00
 r any three do 7 00
 r all four of the Review s, 8 00
 r Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 i- Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 r Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 ay merits to be made in alt cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 our copies of any or all the above works will
 l to one address on payment of the regular sua
 ption lor three—the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tne British publishers of
 Blackwood s Magazine secures to us early sheets ot
 tliat work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire numlier in the hands of subscribers before am
 portion of can be reprinted in any of the Americau
 Journals, lor this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may lie compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. 7 herefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the^price is low. J
Remittances and communications [.should a wave
 be addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publisher
 LEONARD SCOTT Co.
 Street, New York,
