The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 35. Buffalo Street.
 (OppotiUtk* Arcade.)
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS, F.dito*.
 TERMS.
 Two annum, alumys in advance. No
 ■ulnta iption will Or received for n lea. term than
 A&lt;ivertisement* not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three time* for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-W»e cent*.
 The object of the North Star will be to üboitsh
 SLAVERY in all it* form* and aspects; advocate
 UifivKßSAl. EuAitcirATioit; exalt the standaid
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec-1
 ual improvement ol the Color to People and j
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Threei
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 QtP* All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscriber*^remit
 tances, he., should be addressed to Frederick
 Dotiglass, Editor, Rochester, N.
 fa*- Agents, and ftU others sending names are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 ora. Any person sending in payment for Tour sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a nnh copy for o .e year.
 gey- All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. R.V \Valkut,2l,Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; June* S. llnffum, Lynn;
 Bourne' Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 tjos s k cticut.—Jabe* Cogswell, orooKneiu.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Hamad, Anti-Slavery Ollice, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watt* Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Uueeu Comity; Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elia. D.ty, Macedon; VVif
 lelts Keene, Pern, Clinton County; J. F- b
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina,Orleans Co.; V\ llliam Brom
 fßH odSu ff d. —a marancy Paine,l*rov ideuce.
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. M Rim, 81, N° f tlh
 Fifth Street, Phiiada; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Bm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton r&gt;i
 Ohio.— J. J- Gaines, Cmcimvati (bare*
 Hand, llarvcysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. "Huntingdon, Cbard-m, Geauga to.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Ur ana, 'hampaign county.
 Mic it to an.— Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J.
 B. Bai nes, Ow *so, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Heniy O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa.— Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.— John James Carey, Toronta.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH. PRINTER
Select ions.
Another Victim or the slave
 holders. —“John M. Barrett, Esq.,
 wbo was arrested in South Carolina on
 suspicion of being opposed to slavery,
 and subsequently released on bail, died
 at Dublin, Ind., on the 23d ult. The
 m ew-Castle Courier says, he died ot a
 disease brought on by long confinement
 witnin the damp and unwholesome
 walls of a southern prison, and ‘fell a
 victim to the dark and bloody spirit of
 slavery, whose path is strewn with hu
 man lives and crushed hopes and
 bleeding affections, and the fearful ag
 gregation of every human woe and
 misery.”
DnTY of Avoiding Slave Produce.
 —“lf the friends of freedom would ab
 stain entirely from the use of slave
 grown cotton, it would have a tendency
 to diminish this horrible traffic. En
 courage the free-laboring farmers of
 ihe South, and decline the products of
 sweat and toil, and it may exert a mor
 al influence over the slave-holder, while
 it will gain the good will of the poor
 white citizens of the South to the cause
 of human freedom.
 “Whatever may be the difference of
 opinion as to the moral right to pur
 chase slave labor products, all anti
 slavery men ought to feel the obliga
 tion to encourage the free laborer,
 rather than the master of slaves. And
 even should we pay a cent or two more
 on the poun-J or yard, we should feel
 that the interests of humanity demand
 it, and therefore do it oheerfully.”
 The above is extracted from The
 Crisis, a paper published at Cincin
 nati, and edited by an individual who
 was long a citizen of a Slave Sue.]
The Ingenious Slave Catcher.—
 “On the last Sabbath in February, a
 local preacher of the M. E. Church,
 named Mayhew, from Kentucky, gave
 out an appointment to preach near An
 trim, Guernsey Co., Ohio, and a large
 encourse assembled to hear him.
 “After the sermon, he deliberately
 walked from the stand to the outskirts
 of the congregation, and laid hold of a
 colored sister in the church, who had
 a child of her own in her arms, and
 proceeded to draw a rope from his
 pocket to tie her, claiming, at the same
 time, that she was a fugitive slave of
 one ot his neighbors; and saying that
 he was sent after her, and took this
 plan to find her, in order to secure the
 reward of 75 dollars offered for her.
 Upon remonstrance by some of the
 bystanders, he played the bravado, by
 displaying sundry revolvers and bowie
 knives in his pockets; and stated that,
 if any one would dare to interfere they
 would feel the effects of them; then de
 liberately put her in his buggy, tied
 her, and drove off. The wuinan, 1
 learn, is a widow that has resided in
 the country for several years.”— Letter
 to the true Wesleyan.
 “Calhoun is dead It is cer
 tain that all the energies of his life
 were given to the extension and perpet
 uation of human bondage; and, in a
 speech which he rose from his death
 bed to deliver in the U. S. Senate, he
 claimed more extension of slavery,more
 security from the pestilent attacks of
 the hated abolitionists, more facilities
 for the catching oi the escaped bond
 men, and, finally, more political pow
 er for slavery—or that the Union would
 be a thing that was. He has been foi
 years a phrenzied fanatic, fighting'
 with desperate madness and gigantic
 powers,against the fiat of the Almighty
 —that slavery shall cease. His speech
 es are amongst the greatest ‘cariositiet
 of literature’ that we have seen thii
 side the Atlantic. They deny th&lt;
 greatest and best authenticated facts
 and state the most glaring falsehoods
 with the air oftruth. They make th&lt;
 most arrogant demands, with the ap
 parent humility and simplicity of child
 hood. Calhoun was little fees than at
 archangel ruined. He has for t wentj
 years ruled the slave states to
 ruin. Whether his death will produo
 or conduce to any better state of feel
 ing or action in the South, remains t&lt;
 be developed.” —Letter from Willutx
 p, Whiting, e»f t doled April 15, 1860
VOL. 111. NO. 37.
Slavery.—Here is a profile of our
 national action on the subject now be
 fore the people:
 In 1774,' we agreed to import no
 more slaves after that year, and never
 i formally repealed this act of agree
 ment.
 In 1776, we declared that all men
 arc qpeated equal, and endowed by
 their Creator with certain inalienable]
 rights, among which are life, liberty,
 and the pursuit of happiness.”
 In 1783, we formed the Confed
 eracy,” with no provision for the sur
 render of fugitive slaves.
 In 1787, we shut out slavery from
 the Northwest Territory forever, by
 the celebrated proviso of Mr. Jefferson, j
 In 1788, the Constitution was formed
 with compromises” and guarantees.
 In 1808, ihe importation of slaves
 was forbidden; but
 In 1809, we annexed Louisiana, ancl
 slavery along with it.
 In 1819, we annexed Florida, with
 more slavery.
 In 1820, we legally established sla
 very m the territory west of the Miss
 issippi, south of 36 deg. 30m.
 In 1845, we annexed Texas, with j
 326,520 square miles, as a slave State, j
 In 1848, we acquired, by conquest!
 and treaty, the free Territory of Cali
 fornia and New Mexico, containing]
 528,078 square miles. Of this 204,-
 383 square miles are south of the slave
 line—south of 36 deg. 30m. Here isj
 territory enough to make more than
 thirty slave States of the size of Mas-*
 sachusetts.
 Universal Suffrage. —We boast]
 of being freemen—of having free in-]
 stitutions, and equal laws—yet in this
 state we refuse to giv:&gt; the right ofi
 suffrage to a certain class—no matter
 how intelligent, or how virtuous! One
 man may be so drunk that it will take
 three sober ones to get him to the polls
 or he may be so ignorant that he can
 not tell one ticket from another, but
 none questions his right to give an
 equal voice with the wisest and best,
 in the elections. But here comes 1
 anotiier wlio’se character is without a
 stain—his intellect is highly cultivated
 —but he is told to stand hack —he is
 disfranchised by our Free Constitution.
 But says he:
 “Do I not possess sufficient intelli
 gence to vote
 “Doubtless you do.”
 “Have I rendered myself unwotthy
 of the elective franchise by any viola
 tion of law, or as an enemy to Free
 dom?”
 “No.”
 “Do I not pay taxes to pay the sala
 ary of the officers for whom I wish to
 vote?”
 “Yes.”
 “Am I not to be governed by the
 laws which you refuse me any voice in
 making?”
 “Yes.”
 “Am I not worth'as much—do I not
 know as much—am I not as honest—
 as the candidates of either party?”
 “Very possible
 “Why, then, am I disfranchised in a
 State always boasting ofits Republican
 institutions?”
 “Because a Free Republican, Amer
 ican Constitution says you shall be.
 Get out of that drunken white man’s
 way, nigger!”
 And this we call Democracy! a Free
 Government! Free to disfranchise a
 portion of our citizens, who help pay
 our taxes, and are amenable to the
 laws, merely because there is African
 blood—though hut a drop—in their:
 veins! Ought we not to blush till we;
 are ourselves “black'in the fact?,” that
 in this Christian age of Free Principles
 we have so long suffered so disgrace
 ful a prohibition in our Constitution? I
 If we are to have a test of citizen-j
 ship in our Constitution, let it be one
 of equality, and not of color. If any
 class is to be disfranchised, let it be i
 those who are disqualified by ignorance l
 or vice. No good, even plausible rea
 -1 son can be given why a black freeman
 should not have a privilege at the bal
 j lot-box. We doubt whether any one
 1 will attempt to give any. And yet
 j there will be enough in the Constitu
 tional Convention willing to deny them
 the right. They will hardly dare to
 give the true motive (we will not say
 reason in the case,) for their bitter hate
 of the colored man. Some perhaps
 could not give it. They could only
 say
 “Tins reason why I cannot tell—
 But liii* I know, and that full well
 do not like iliee, Dr. Fell.”
 And t ey will vote without a why or
 therefore,to have the Constitution read
 “every white male citizen!”
 j Freemen of Michigan shall this be?
 H Shall not a free, liberty-loving, oppres
 mon-hating people demand th*t the
 word “white” be stricken from the con
 stituiion to be formed? Let public
 1 meetings be called, petitions circulated
 r and such public expressions made, as
 our Delegates will feel boun4 to obey.
 This is a subject upon which all par
 t ties may unite. Let ’the people act,
 The progress of Free Principles may
 not be stayed. The man or party that
 s j throws itself in the way, ought to be
 2 J crushed. The man who would refust
 i a colored man his right, would do the
 same to any other man against whon
 e he entertained prejudice,
 Some of the States have always con
 sidered color no test of competency foi
 a citizenship. Others have come along
 F half way to their principles in theii
 r Vy*«**co t apd allow the blacks to vot&lt;
 e it they powete ««n«ui amount o
 -property. Others, among those
 o ing the highest seat in the Democrat!'
 a family, disfranchised every man in an;
 l. way related to Africa. Let Michigan
RIGHT 18 OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
in her advance in liberal principles,
 wipe out the feul stian from the Const!-;
 tution, and tell the .blacks they are men
 if they behave like men—thus cresting
 one of the strongest inducements for
 them to be intelligent, industrious and
 virtuous.— Adrian Michigan) Erp.
 FRIENDSHIP.
 f* r s
 Friendship is the Cordial of Life, the
 lenitive of our ***l the multi
 plier of our equally ot
 animation and of repose.. He who is
 destitute of this blessing, amidst the
 greatest crowd and pressure of society,
 is doomed to solitude; and however sur
 rounded with flatterers and admirers,
 however armed with power, and rich
 in the endowments of nature and offor
 tune, has no resting place. The most
 elevated station in life affords no ex
 emption from those agitations and dis
 quietudes which can only be laid to
 rest on the bosom of a friend.
 The sympathies even of virtuous
 minds, when not warmed by the breath
 of friendship, are too faint and cold to
 satisly the social cravings of our nature
 their compassion is too much dissipa
 ted by the multiplicity of its objects,
 and the varieties of d’stress, to suffer
 it to flow long in one channel; while
 the sentiments of congratulation are
 still more slight and superficial. A
 transient tear of pity, or smile of com
 placency equally transient, is all we
 can .usually bestow on the scenes of
 happiness or misery, which we meet
 with in the paths of life. But man nat
 urally seeks for a closer union, a more
 permanent conjunction of interests, a
 more intense reciprocation of feeling;
 he finds the w ant of one or more with
 whom he can trust the secrets of his
 heart, and relieve himself by imparting
 the interior joys and sorrows, with
 which every human breast is fraught.
 He seeks, in short, another self, a kin
 dred spirit, whose interest in his wel
 fare bears some proportion to his own,
 with whom he may lessen his cares by
 sympathy, and multiply his pleasures
 by participation.
 The satisfaction derived from sur
 veying the most beautiful scenes of
 nature, or the most exquisite produc
 tions of art, is so far from being com
 plete, that it almost turns into uneasi
 ness, when there is none with whom
 we can share it; nor would the most
 passionate admirer of eloquence or po
 etry consent to witness thefrmost stu
 pendous cxeitions, upon the simple!
 condition of not being permitted to re
 veal his emotions. So essential an in
 gredient in facility is friendship, apait
 trom thwmnone solid and permanent ad-;
 vantag-dncADprbcures, and when viewed
 in no cMWP lig4tt than as the organ of
 communication, the channel of feeling
 and of thought. But if joy itself is a
 burden which the heart can ill sustain,
 without inviting others to partake of it,
 how much more the corrosions of anx
 iety, the perturbations of fear, and
 the dejection arising from sudden and
 overwhelming calamity!— Rev, Robert
 Hall.
 Ignorance is Bliss. —Were the time
 of our death foreseen, what a melan
 choly character would it impart to the
 pursuits and occupations of the human
 race! If every man saw the moment
 of his death continually before him,
 how would his thoughts be fixed to that
 fatal spot; and, upon its near approach,
 the consideration of it would probably
 absorb every other. With respect to
 our fellow-«reatures, how would it poi
 son the springs of enjoyment were
 parents and children, husbands and
 wives, brothers and sisters, able to cal
 culate with certainty the peried of eachi
 other’s lives! We should seem to be
 walking among the victims of death—'
 the scenes of hum &lt;n existence would
 lose ail cheerfulness, animation and
 beauty.—The interests of society would
 also sustain more serious injury Many
 grea* and noble etacrprises would nev
 er have been begun, could the persons
 who, in the hope of life, engaged in
 them, have foreseen that, before they
 could be concluded, they themselves
 would be snatched away by the hand
 of death. Many discoveries, by which
 great benefit has been conferred on the
 world, would not have been elicited.
 Few efforts probably would be made
 to attain any object, the consequences
 j ot which terminate with the lite of the
 party, if he foresaw that they would be
 intercepted by death. Who would
 venture to engage in any lucrative em
 oloyment, it ho certainly knew that the
 benefit would not be even partially real
 ized during the term of his mortal
 existence? But happily for mankind
 events are concealed—duties only are
 made known.— R. Hall.
 Fastidiousness. —With, respect to
 that fastidiousness which disturbs the
 right conduct of the understanding, it
 must he observed that there are two
 modes ot judging of anything; one, by
 the test of what has actually been done
 in the same way befom; the other by
 what we can conceive may be done in
 this way. Now this latter method ol
 mere imaginary excellence can hurdly
 t be a just criterion, because it may be
 i in fact impossible to reduce to practice
 s what it is perfectly easy to conceive;
 s no man before he has tried, can tell how
 i difficult it is to manage prejudice, jeal
 ou*y, and delicacy, and to .overcome
 all that faction whiefi the world oppo
 r sea to speculation. Therefore, tht
 fair practical rule seems to be, to com
 r pare any exertion with all aimihir ex&lt;
 ertions which haws preceded it, and tc
 f allow merit to anyone who has impro
 JjEfj or at least, who has not deteriora
 c tea Uie •Gtudard of excellence in hit
 f own department of kuuwl««Jg*.—Smi
 aey Smith. 4
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1850.
THE WAY TO BE HAPPY.
 A story is told of two travellers in
 Lapland, which throws more light on
 the art of being happy than a whole
 volume of precepts and aphorisms.
 Upon a very cold day in the winter
 they were driving along in a slidge,
 wrapped up in furs from head to foot.
 Even their faces were mostly cover
 ed; and you could see scarcely any
 thing but their eyebrow*, aad there
 were white and glistening with frost.
 At length they saw a poor man who had
 sunk down benumbed and frozen in the
 snow.
 “We must stop and help him,” said
 one of the travellers.
 “Stop and help him!” replied the
 other; “you will never think ot stopping
 on such a day as this! we are hall
 frozen ourselves, and ought to be at
 our journey's end as soon as possi
 ble.”
 “But I cannot leave this man to
 perish,” rejoined the more human trav
 eller; “I must go to his relief;” and
 he stopped his sledge. “Come,” said
 he, “come help me to rouse him.”
 .“Not 1,” replied the other, “I have
 too much regard for my own life to ex
 pose myself to this freezing atmosphere
 more than is necessary. I will sit here
 and ktep myself ns warm as I can till
 you come back.”
 So saying, he resolutely kept his
 seat, while his cutnpanion hastened to
 the relief of the perishing man whom
 they had so providentially discovered.
 The ordinary means for restoring con
 sciousness and activity were tried with
 complete success. But the kind-heart
 ed traveller was so intent upon saving
 the life of a fellow creature, that he
 had forgotten his own exposure; and
 what was the consequence? Why, the
 very effort which he made to warm the
 stranger wanned himself! and thus he
 had a twofold reward. He had the
 sweet consciousness of doing a be
 nevolent act, and he also found himself
 glowing from head to foot by reason of
 the exertions which he had made. And
 how has it with his companion, who
 had been so much afraid of exposing
 himself? He was almost ready to
 freeze, notwithstanding the efforts he
 had been making to keep warm!
 The lesson drived from tins little inci
 dent is very obvious. We are all
 travellers to a distant country. At
 every step of our journey we find ether
 travellers who need our friendly aid.
 Nay, God has brought (hem around
 our path in great numbers; and, far as
 the eye can reach, we see their dense
 and gloomy ranks. Now there are two
 ways of meeting these objects of Chris
 tian sympathy and brotherly regard.
 We can go forward with the stern pur
 pose of a selfish and unloving spirit,
 saying in reply to every appeal which
 is viddressed to our better feeling,
 “Depart in peace; be ye warmed and
 filled;” or wo can say, with the warm
 hearted traveller, “I cannot see this
 tuan perish;! must hasten to his relief.”
 And the rule which we adopt for our
 guidance in such cases, will determine
 the question, whether we are to be
 happy or unhappy. The man who
 lives only lor himself cannot be hap
 py. God does not smile upon him;
 and his conscience will give him no
 peace. But he who forgets himself in
 his desire to do good, not only becomes
 a blessing to others, but opens a per
 petual fountain of joy in tm own bosom.
 Dayspring.
 The Duty of Prayer. —lf there is
 a Supreme Being, author of this world
 which we inhabit, who sustains it by
 the power of his word, and who would
 be known and adored by bis creatures,
 it is the first duty of man to lift his
 eyes to heavep, to recognize the
 to whom he owes allegiance, to offer
 him homage for all he has received at
 his hands. What, then, is the man
 who, acknowledging the Supreme Be
 ing, never prays to him He is a
 wretched being who has no God, who
 is living alone in the world, attached to
 no being but himself; who falleth back
 upon his own heart, finds nothing there
 with which he may commune, but his
 pains, his disgusts, his troubles and
 fears. He is that unhappy man who
 expects nothing beyond the tomb,whose
 hopes and desires are all confined here
 below; who regards himself a vapor
 formed by chauce, ready to dissolve
 and vanish forever in the immensity of
 non-existence; who believes himsell
 created only for the fleet days that he
 is to appear on the earth; who looks
 abroad in the world as a man whom
 chance has cast alone upon some iuac
 cessabie island, where he may live
 without a master, without a sovereign,
 .without care or discipline expecting no
 assistance, anticipating no better des
 tiny importuning heaven with no future
 desires, sending no wish or hope across
 the abyss that surrounds him, and
 seeking no alleviation of his wretched
 condition, but in a listless indolence.—
 Such is the man who never communes
 with the God who made him.— Mas
 sillon.
 1 Poet Politicians. —Kossuth, Maz
 ziui, Lamartine, the three heroes o
 1848, were all, though with enormous
 r differences in their relative values ant
 positions, men belonging to the race o
 poets—men in whom the heart though
 —men who were moved by great im
 pulses and lofty aspirations—men wh&lt;
 carried away by their itnngina
 lion”—-men who were dreamers,
 but whose dreams were of the stuff o
 which our life is made.— Lon. Leader.
 s A wife full of truth, innocence, ant
 love, is the most beautiful flower a mat
 can wear next to his heart.
GOD IS THE FATHER OP US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN-
FAST EATING*
 The practice of eating our weals in
 a hurry, so common among us Ameri
 cans, has long been a fruitful theme of
 ridicule with foreigners. It is a trite
 observation that we do not eat our
 food, in this country; we bolt it. The
 celerity with which our business men,
 especially, stow away huge quantities
 of fish, flesh, and fowl into their stom
 achs, is perfectly astonishing. Were
 it not so general a practice, one would
 conclude that they were engaged in
 some disagreeable mechanical process,
 which it was desirable to get through
 with as expeditiously as possible—or
 else, that they were cramming upon a
 wager. Certain it is, that you rarely
 see a live Yankee sit down coolly and
 deliberately to a meal, as if he appre
 ciated the appetizing qualities of the
 delicacies and luxuries before him.
 He regards all the different dishes in
 the same light, viz: as so much gross
 material to fill a void; and not as sub
 stances gifted with rich essences—hid
 den flavors, that require to be brought
 out and analyzed. Not so with John
 Boll; however large the quantity of
 food he gorges at his meals, he never
 dispatches it in a hurry. He sits
 down to his roast beef as “to a day’s
 work,” and proceeds calmly and care
 fully to discuss each slice, as if he were
 fully sensible of its delicious qualities,
 and profoundly thankful to the gra
 cious Providence that thus ministered
 to his most earnest cravings.
 Speaking of fast eaters, a modern
 writer has the following remarks upon
 the intellectual characteristics of this
 class of men, which are quite novel and
 original:—
 “A fast eater may be a man of infor
 mation, but he will never be a man of
 taste; for why—he lacks the gift of ap
 preciation. He may swallow the con
 tents of many books, and gorge any
 given quantity of facts in the same
 manner as he gorges his food, but he
 will never be a man that loves the
 beautiful, either in art or nature. He
 will not care a whit about sunsets, or
 ihe choicest groupings of wood and wa
 ter; and a panoramic exhibition, or
 ihe scenery of a play-house, will suit
 hirn better than the delicate graces and
 minute finish of a Leslie or a Newton.
 He may enjy the rich humor of a
 Smollett, because it is at the same time
 broad and obvious, but he will never
 detect the subdued, quiet manifestation
 of the same quality iri a Goldsmith, or
 relish the the exquisite pleasantries, or
 yet finer pathos of Charles Lamb; and
 as for nothing the lights and shadows,
 or feeling the'more subtle beauties of
 poetry, how can it be expectetf of a
 person that eats shad just as fast as he
 eats halibut?”— Yankee Blade.
The Poetry of Steam.— This ‘lron
 Age,’ we are told, is unfavorable to the
 cultivation of poetry; its machinery is
 incompatible with imagination; its rail
 ways are the antipodes of nature; it is
 ridiculous to think of putting Parnassus
 under the plough, and starting a steam
 boat on Helicon. All this mav be very
 wise and very witty; but to* say that
 industry and poetry are antagonisms,
 (for this is the sum of the whole,) is to
 confound poetry with verse making.
 If the ancient Greek were evoked
 from his toomb of ages, and set to wan
 der through the wonderful country we
 term unpoetical, he would be thrilled
 with mingled delight and awe, and his
 impressions would gush forth in a tor
 rent of song. The manufactory would
 be to him a world of poetry; the thun
 der of its machinery would be more
 truly than that of the tempest, the
 voice of viewless but intelligent spirits;
 and its productions, changing from
 rude, shapeless masses, till they come
 forth perfect in form and beauty, would
 appear the woik of enchantment. The
 fiery locomotive, skimming like the
 wind along the surface of the earth,
 gliding by the side of precipices, span
 ning gorges and valleys, and plunging
 with a rush and a roar into caverns as
 black as Erebus, would take away hfa
 breath; while the steamship, with her
 banner of smoke, attempting impossi
 bilities, yea, getting the better of them,
 sailing defyingly up into the very eye
 of the tempest, and laughing at the
 laws of common nature, would seem
 the realization of a dream that could
 have haunted only the brain of a poet.
 Chambers Journal.
 Indestructibility of- Enjoyment.
 —Mankind are always happier for
 having been happy; so that if you make
 them happy now, you make them hap
 py twenty years from hence, by the
 memory of it. A childhood passed
 with a due mixture of national indul
 gence, under fond and wise parents,
 diffuse* over the whole of life a feeling
 of calm pleasure; and in extreme old
 age, is the very last remembrance
 which time can orase from the mind of
 man. No enjoyment, however incon
 siderable, fa confined to the present
 momeut. A man is the happier for
 life, from having made once an agreea
 ble tour, or lived for any length ol
 time with pleasant people, enjoyed any
 considerable interval of innocent plea
 sure which contributes to render old
 men so inattentive to the scenes before
 them, and carries them back to a
 world that fa past and to sceneß never
 to be renewed again.
 Courtship is often made up of the
 fact that the girl call her beau a nobk
 youth, a hero, a genius, while he calk
 her a paragon of beauty and gentle
 I ness, and so they keep tiikling eaci
 i other until they get married, and tbei
 the ipnMina
WHOLE NO. 141.
SHAKSFKARE* MIRROR FOR
 WOMEN.
As in the tall glass called a psyche, a
 lady gains a full length view of herself,
 so that no point of person or dress may
 be left disregarded, so, in Shakspeare’s
 Mirror, a woman may obtain a psycho
 logical reflex of her nature, that may
 aid her to its spotless array, and to the
 utmoat perfection in adornment of which
 if is^ susceptible. She may learn how
 4® preserve its intrinsic graces of puri
 ty and innocence; It the same time she
 is instructed how to deck it with becom
 ing ornament of accomplishment and
 refined culture.—She may be taught to
 perceive how native charms are height
 ened by suavity of demeanor; how a
 fine understanding and a capacious
 mind are set off by modest bearing; j
 how external beauty is enhanced by
 sweet manners and cheerful ease,
 how intellect and good sense consort
 with placability, forbearance and affec
 tionate submission; how the gaiety of
 heart and the gift of wit are tempered
 with gentleness; how highest dignity
 shows itaelF more truly in courtesy,
 generosity, charity, kindness.
 From the lady of the highest rank, j
 to the humblest among women—from
 her who is “crown’d the most imperial
 monarch,” to her who “does the mean
 est chores,” we all may read in his de
 lineations our feminine resemblance.
 From the virtuous majesty of Hermione
 ar a Katherine of Aragon, down to
 the homely coarseness of an Audrey,
 ora Mopsa, each essentially bears the
 generic stamp of womau. His scep
 tred queens, his princesses, hts duch
 esses, his gentlewomen, his yeomen’s
 views, his young maidens, his serving
 damsels, his country wenches, his
 hostesses, his most delicate lady, his
 mos blushing girl, his most reserved
 vestal, his arrantest coquette, his wild
 est spirit-sparkler, his sedatest thinker,
 his most loving and loveable female
 impersonation, or his vilest and most
 odious one, however infinitely they
 may vary, have all one feature in com
 mon; they are pre-eminently womanly
 iu all they do and say. The wit of
 Rosalind and Beatrice, the ambition of
 lady Macbeth, the conjugal faith of
 Imogen, the wickedness ofGoneril and
 Regan, the constancy of Helena, the
 reticence of Cordelia, the intellect of
 Portia, the wiles of Cleopatra, the inno
 cence of Miranda, the charms of Tiola,
 the gentleness of Desdemoou, tha sanc
 tity and inoral purity of Isabella, the
 anguish of Constance, the maternity
 of Voiumnia, the shrewishness of
 Katharine, ’he affection of Celia, the
 flippancy ofLucetia, the passionate
 love of Juliet, the sprightliness ofNer
 issa, the insanity of Ophelia, are all as
 markedly constrasted as day and night;
 but they are all in themselves and in
 their action and circumstances true to
 the spirit of womaukind.— Mary Cow
 din Clark.
FEMALE CULTURE.
 The great entertainments of all ages
 are reading, conversation, and thought.
 If our existence after middle life is not
 enriched by these, it becomes meagae
 and dull indeed. And these will prove
 sources of pleasure, just in proportion
 to previous intellectual culture. How
 is that mind to have subject matter of
 pleasurable thought during its solitary
 hours, which has no knowledge of the
 treasures of literature and science,
 which has made no extensive acquaint
 ance with the distant and the past
 And what is conversation between
 those who know nothing? But on the
 other hand, what delight is that mind
 able to receive and impart, which is
 able to discuss any topic that comes up
 with accuracy, copiousness, eloquence
 and beauty! The woman who possess
 es this power can never fail to render
 herself agreeable and useful in any cir
 cle into which she may be thrown, and
 when she is so she cannot fail to bo
 happy. A full mind, a large heart, and
 an eloquent tongue, are among the
 most precious of human things. The
 young forsake their sports and gather
 round, the old draw nigh to hear, and
 ail involuntarily bow diown the su
 premacy of mind. These enuowments
 add brilliancy to youth and beauty,
 and when all other charms are depart
 ed, they make old age sacred, venera
 ble, beloved.
 Proper use of Wit. —lt fa beauti
 ful to observe the boundaries which
 nature has affixed to the ridiculous,and
 to notice how soon it fa swallowed up
 by the more illustrious feelings of our
 minds. Where fa the heart so hard
 that could bear to see the awkward re
 sources and contrivances of the poor
 tui ned into ridicule Who could laugh
 at the fractured, ruined body of a sol
 dier? Who is so wicked as to amuse
 himself with the infirmities of extreme
 old age? or to find subject for humor
 in the weakness of a perishing, dis
 solving body Who fa there who does
 not feel disposed £o overlook the little
 peculiarities of the truly great and
 wise, and to throw a veil over the ridi
 cule which they have redeemed by the
 magnitude of their talents, and the
 splendor of their virtues? Who ever
 thinks of turning into ridicule our
 great and ardent hope of a world to
 come? Whenever the man of humor
 meddles with these things, be fa aston
 ished to find that, in all the great feel
 ings of their nature, the mass of man
 kind always think and act aright; that
 they are ready enough to laugh—but
 they are ready enough to drive away,
 with indignation and contempt, the
 light fool who comes with the feather ol
 wit to crumble the bulwarks of truth,
 enrl In Kivtfllr tKa TtimnU.
Th* Would’* ExmsifibN.—The
 Washington correspondent of the N.
 Y. Commercial says:
 "The world’s exhibition of produc*
 tions of science, art, and general fa.
 dustry, to take place in London, in the
 year 1851, occupies the attention of m
 large class of citizens of the United
 States, and any useful information fa
 regard to it, therefore, cannot fail to
 interest your readers. It has been
 promulgated in this country through
 the official correspondence of the Sec
 retary of State with Sir H. L. Bulwer,
 the British Minister, that the arltdee
 which may be imported into England
 for the purpose of this greet exhibition
 will be exemnt from duty on certain
 conditions. T\&gt; entitle them to (his pri
 vilege, they must have received some
 thing, a certificate, given under the
 sanction of the Federal Government,
 that the articles are worthy of admis
 sion to the proposed great fair as speci
 mens of skill or excellence, or as ob
 jects of national curiosity. I learn
 that the National Institute has been
 designated by the State Department,
 with the approbation of the President,
 to take charge of everything connected
 with this subject requiring the attention
 of Government.
 This learned and useful association
 has referred the matter to a special
 committee, at the head of which ts tha
 Vice President of the United States,
 and among the members of which is
 the active and energetic superintendent
 of the census, Mr. Kennedy. The
 special committee have determined to
 recommend that some prominent and
 well-known society or public body in
 each State shall be requested to decide
 upon the appropriateness of articles
 proposed to be sent to the exhibition,
 and that decision so given shall have
 the required authority of Government.
 The American Institute, will, I pre
 sume, be selected as the referee for
 New York.
 A particular lot of ground will be
 set apart in London for each country
 sending articles to the fair, aud the ex
 pense of exhibiting them wiil be borne
 by the British Government.”
 Fear or Ridicule. —l know of no
 principle which is more important to fix
 in the minds of young people than that
 of the most determined resistance to
 the encroachments of ridicule. Give
 up to the world, and to the ridicule
 with which the world enforces its do
 minion, every trifling question of man
 ner and appearance: it is to toss cour
 age and firmness to the winds, to com
 bat with the mass upon such subjects
 as these. But learn from the earliest
 days to ensure your principles against
 the perils of ridicule; you can no more
 exercise your reason, if you live in the
 constant dread of laughter, than you
 can enjoy your life, if you are in the
 constant terror of death.—lf you think
 it right to differ from the times, and to
 make a stand for any valuable point of
 morals, do it, however rustic, however
 antiquated, however pedantic it may
 appear—do it, not for insolence, but
 as a man who wore a soul of his own
 in his bosom, and did not wait till it
 was breathed into him by the breath of
 fashion. Let men call you mean, if
 you know you are just; hypocritical, if
 you are honestly religious; pusillani
 mous, if you feel that you are firm; re
 sistance soon converts unprincipled
 wit into sincere respect: and no after
 time can tear from you those feelings
 which every man carries with him who
 has made a noble and successful exen
 tion in a virtuous wuse.-Sydney Smith.
 Good Listeners. —There are a few
 good listeners in the world who make
 all the use they might make of the un
 derstanding of others, in the conduct of
 their own. The use made ’he great
 instrument of conversation is the dis
 play of superiority, not the gaining of
 those materials on which superiority
 may rightly and justly be founded.
 Every man takes a different view of the
 question as he is influenced by consti
 tution, circumstances, age, and a thou
 sand other peculiarities; and no indi
 vidual ingenuity can sift and examine a
 subject with as much variety and suc
 cess as the minds of many men, put in
 motion by many causes, and affected
 by an endless variety of accidents.
 Nothing, in my humble opinion,* would
 bring an understanding so forward, as
 this habit of ascertaining and weighing
 the opinions of others; a point in which
 almost all men of abilities are deficient,
 whoso first impulse, if they are young,
 is too often to contradict; or, if the
 manners of the world have cured them
 of that, to listen only with attentive
 ears, but with most obdurate and un
 conquerable entrails. I may be very
 wrong, and probably am so, but in the
 whole course of my life, I do not know
 that I ever saw a man of considerable
 understanding respect tjie understand
 ings of other as much as he might have
 done for his own improvement, and as
 it was just that he should do.— Sidney
 Smith.
 Heaven. —Do not the fair objects
 with which even this ruined earth ia
 brightened, tell ua that there must be
 somewhere a heaven! From them we
 get passing gleams of the beautiful
 and the perfect. Like stray particles
 of gold, they indicate the treasures of
 the mine beneath. Like lights gleam
 ing from some place window, they make
 i known something of the splendor with
 in. The various objects of sky and
 earth point to scenes of excellence and
 blessedness, of which they can only
 shadow forth the cold outline. The
 stars above us, as they give forth their
 never-ceasing radiance,{unite in saying,
 “there is a heaven—a heaven to which
 our brightness is as darkness itself.”
 The fields, the flowers, the streams of
 earth all tell us, "there fa a heaven—a
 lost paradise of which we are but the
 faded relics—a paradise yet to be in
 herited, of which we are the certain
 pledges. Bonar.
 The Asia and Euboea.— The last
 outward passage ol the Euiopa from
 this port to Liverpool was made in fen
 days and twenty hours, uuquestionably
 the shortest time ever made between
 the two places, and beating by some
 four or five hours the late voyage of
 ihe Asia from Liverpool to Boston. The
 Ama made her outward voyage from
 Boston to Liverpool in nine days and
 eighteen hours, which gees beyond any
 thing that has yet been accomplished.
 In the morning think what thou hast
 to do, and at night ash thyself what
 thou hast done.
