IJottra.
MANJTELA.
 A BALLAD OF CAU FORMA.
 ■T BAYARD TAYLOR.
 From the doorway, Manuela, in the sheeny April
 mcrn,
 Southward look* alone the valley, over league* of
 gleaming corn i
 Whet* the mountain’s misty rampart like the wail
 of Eden towers.
 And the isles of oak are sleeping on a painted sea
 of flowers.
 AU the air is lull of music, for the winter rains an
 o’er,
 Anil the noisy magpies chatter from the budding
 sycamore;
 Blithely frisk unnumbered squirrels, over all the
 gTassy slope;
 Where the airy summits brighten, nimbly leaps the
 antelope.
 Gentle eyes of Manuela! tell me wherefore do ye
 rest
 On the oaks enchanted islands and the flowery
 ocean’s breastT
 Tell me wherefore, down the valley, ye have traced
 the highway’s mark 1
 Far beyond the belts of timber, to the mountain
 shadow sdarkl
 Ah, the fragrant bay may blossom, and the sprout
 ing verdure shine,
 With Urn tears of amber dropping from the tassels
 of the pioe,
 And the morning’s breath of bclsam lightly brush
 her sunny cheek—
 Little recketh Manuela of the tales of Spring they
 speak.
 When the Summer’s burning solstice on the moun
 tain-harvests glowed,
 She had watched a gallant horseman riding down
 the valley road;
 Many times she saw him turning, looking back with
 parting thrills,
 Till amid her tears she lost him, in the shadow of
 tire hills.
 Ere the cloudless moons were over, be hau passed
 the Desert’s sand.
 Crossed the rushing Colorado aad the dark Apache
 Land,
 And his laden mules were driven, when the time ol
 rain began,
 With the traders of Chihuahua, to the Fair of San
 Juan.
 Therefore watches Manuela—therefore lightly doth
 she start.
 When the sound of distant footsteeps seems the
 beating of her heart;
 Not a wind the green oak rushes or the redwood
 branches stirs,
 But she hears the silver jingle of bis ringing bit
 and spurs.
 Often, out the hasy distance, come the horsemen,
 day by day,
 But they come not as Benardo, site can see it far
 away;
 Well she kaows the airy gallop of his nettled
 yum,
 Light as sny antelope upon the hills of Gavilaa.
 She would know him ’mid a thousand, by his free
 and gallant air;
 By the feat’y knit twrapt, such as wealthy trader*
 wear;
 By his broidered calxonerot, and his saddle, gaily
 spread,
 With its canlle rimmed with silver, and its horn s
 lion’s head.
 I
 None like him tire light titUa on the maddened bull
 can throw;
 None amid the mountain-canons, track like him tht
 stealthy doe;
 And at all the Mission fcstals, few indeed the rev&gt;
 elers are
 Who can dance with him the jota—touch* with bin
 the gay guitar.
 He has said to Manuela, and the echoes linger still
 In the cloister of her bosom, with a secret, tender
 thrill.
 When the bay again has blossomed, and the valley
 stands in corn,
 Shall the bells of Santa Clara usher in the wedding
 morn.
 lie has pictured the procession, aU in holiday attire,
 And the laugh amf look of gladness, when they set
 the distant spire;
 Then their k&gt;v»* shall kindle newly, and the world
 be doubly fair,
 In the cool, delicious crystal of the Summer morn
 ing air.
 Tender eyes of Manuela' what has dimmed your
 lustrous beam 1
 ’Tie a tear that falls to glitter on the casket of her
 dream.
 Ah, the eye of Love must brighten, if its watches
 would be true,
 For the star is falsely mirrored in the rose’s drop ol
 dew!
 But her eager eyes rekindle, and her breathless
 bosom stills,
 As she sees a horsetna moving in the .shadow ol
 the hills;
 Now in love and fond thanksgiving they may loose
 their pearly tides—
 ’Tis the alaxan that gallops, 'its Bernardo’s self
 that rides!
 [From the N. Y. Tribune.]
 TO THE MEMORY OFMARGARET FULLER.
 BY E. OAKES SMITH.
 We )tailed thee, Margaret, from the sea—
 We hailed thee o’er the wave.
 And little .thought, ia greeting thee,
 Thy home would be a grave.
 We blessed thee in thy laurel crown,
 And in the mirtle's sheen—
 Rejoiced thy noble worth to own.
 Still joy, our tears between.
 We hoped that many a happy year
 Would bless thy coming feet;
 Aad thy bright fame grow brighter here.
 By Fatherland made sweet.
 Gone, gooe! with all thy glorious thought—
 Gone with thy waking life—
 With tfa* green chaplet fame Lad wrought,
 The joy of Mother, Wife.
 O! who shall dare thy harp to take,
 Aad pour upon the air
 The clear, calm music, that should wake
 The heart to love aad prayer!
 The lip, all eloquent, is stilled
 And silent with its trust—
 The heart, with Woman's greatness filled.
 Must crumble to the dust:
 But from thy great heart we will take
 New courage for for the strife—
 From petty ills our bondage break,
 Aad labor with new life.
 Wake up ia darkness though it be
 To better truth aad light;
 Patient ia toil, as we saw thee,
 Ia searching for the light;
 And mindless of the acera it brings,
 For His ia Desert laud
 That Angels come with sheltering wings
 To lend us by the band.
 one! thou art not hr*,
 Though sleeping v» wave—
 Upoa its ebai stees billows teased,
 For thee is fitting grave.
 BrmMym, Jmly, 18(0.
JHistrUontous.
LORD BROUGHAM COMING TO
 AMERICA.
 The roost eccentric member of the
 most eccentric peerage extant is about
 i coming among us to examine this de
 mocracy a little more closely than he
 has yet had an opportunity of doing.
 Brougham is an old fellow—near sev
 enty —but he is in astonishing preser
 vation and seems determined to live
 another score of years at least. Not
 that
 He husbands out life’s taper to ihe close,
 And saves the flame from wasting by repose.
 for he is one of the most restless and
 vivacious men in the world. The ener
 gy of his younger years still accom
 panies him. In the domains of Litera
 ture and Science, be has been a sort
 of *‘Admirable Crichton.” He has
 tried his pen at everything. His ene
 mies used to say of the ex-Chancellor
 that if he only knew a little law, he
 would have a smattering “of all the
 knowledge that was ever known.” But
 Harry Broom knows the law too, and
 can talk as well upon it, as upon the
 Differential Calculus, or the Palarity o(
 Light. In his youth he helped to found,
 with Sydney Smith and Francis Jeffrey,
 the Edinburgh Review. This was
 when he and they “cultivated litera
 ture on a little oatmeal.” Brougham
 WBs the writer of that famous critique
 upon young Lord Byron’s “Hours ol
 Idleness”—though the public, and we
 believe, the poet himself, attributed it
 to Jeffrey, the Prases. Byron, how
 ever, ranked Brougham among his foes
 —as will be seen in the English Bards
 and Scotch Reviewers, and may t»e
 gathered from the line in Don Juan:—
 A legal broom's a moral cbimuey-aweeper.
 One of the most notable of Brough
 am’s stepping stones to renown was
 his eloquent and angry defence ol
 Queen Caroline when brought to trial
 before the House of Lords. Mr. Brough
 am behaved on that momentous oc
 casion with the greatest interepidity,
 not sparing in his advocacy, the char
 acter of the King himself. Under the
 Reform Administration .of Lord Mel
 bourne, Henry Brougham was made
 Lord High Chancellor of England—
 the keeper of the conscience of Wil
 liam the Fourth. During the time he
 held the seals of that high office, the
 peculiarities of his lordship, instead of
 being represented by the grave duties
 and circumstances of his situation, were
 exhibited as remarkably as ever. He
 astonished the officials and lawyers of
 the Court of Chancery, by the energy
 and rapidity of most of his decisions.
 People who were accustomed to the
 doubts, delays and general prolixity of
 Lord Eldon—the preceding Chancel
 lor, —were astonished at the innovating
 spirit of Brougham. He was at that
 time in his element, and went through
 his various duties with an intellectual
 agility perfectly unparalleled. He was
 President of the Society for the Diffu
 sion of Useful knowledge, and was
 ceaseless in his labors to support it.
 AAer having passed hours in literary
 correspondence concerning the works
 it was publishing, or making alteration!
 or suggestions in them, he would gc
 down to the House of Lords, where he
 would electrify that grave senate with
 some eloquent exposition of politics
 f principle, or some withering tirade
 aunched against some rash opposition
 ist who had ventured a fling at the
 wool sack. Leaving the House, some
 times at three or four o'clock in the
 morning, he would be found in his seal
 nt Court by nine o’clock, looking a*
 fresh as a daisy, and go to work at his
 adjudications and decisions as if he had
 just then only begun to exercise his
 faculties in that particular line of busi
 ness. In everything he treated his
 lofty station as if it was entirely sub
 servient to the wilful personality ol
 Henry Brougham. For this he was
 caricatured at a great rate, and filled
 the prints and paragraphs of the nation
 with pleasantry. He is still the object
 of incessant sarcasm and satire. He is
 part of Punch’s stock in trade. That
 venerable joker could better spare his
 indispensable Judy. His writers make
 it their pastime to “gird at” the some
 time Lord of the Woolsack on every
 occasion. Like Falstaff, his is “not
 only wity himself, but the cause of wit
 in others.”
 A thousand scapes of wit
 Make him the father of their idle dream
 And rack him in their fancies.
 His nose is known to all the world
 —it is as famous as the nose of Slaw
 kenbergins, recorded in the veritable
 history of Tristram Shandy. A million
 of conceits have hung by that nose as
 from a peg. Reports have been spread
 in England, that weary of the British
 aristocracy, like Lord Edward Fitz
 gerald, he intends to renounced his
 title, and claim a naturalization here
 as a citizen of the republic. It will be
 remembered that in the hey-day of the
 French Revolution of 1848, he wrote
 to the Provincial Government for let
 ters of French citizenship. Lamartine
 was then at the head of affairs, and
 refused the request —apprehensive, it
 is said, that if Brougham came into the
 revolution at all, ho would work the
 poet out of his prominent position and
 occupy it himsfelf. But we are not
 quite sure that Brougham really intends
 to throw off the bindings of the peerage
 and become as one of us. There is a
 matter of 25,000 dollars a year (life
 pension of an ex-Chancellor) which
 he should sacrifice, as a preliminary;
 and this, we think, is a grave obstacle,
 in the way of such a consummation.
 In apite of his eccentricities,
 Brougham is a man of splendid and
 general genius, and will be recognized
 and remembered as Aich by posterity,
 when these are forgotten. We have
 no doubt he will will receive from the
 American people a favorable reception,
 such at they are never backward in
 giving to men of genuine intellectual
 power.— Yankee Blade.
 Quick Wit. —A gentleman travel
 ling on horseback “down east,” came
 upon an Irishman who was was fencing
 in a most barren and desolate piece ol
 land
 What are you fencing in that lot
 for, Pat?” said he, “A nerd of cows
 would starve to death on that lend.”
 “An, sure yer honor, sir; wasn’t I
 fencing it to kape the peer bastes out
 of it?”
All ENEMY Ilf CHASE—A PROVI
 DENTIAL SUCCOUR*
 Many an uneasy look was thrown
 orer our shoulders as we struggled
 down that slope. Our strength was
 urged to its utmost; and this was not
 much, for we bad all lost blood in the
 encounter with the sleuth-hounds, and
 lelt week and faint. We were baffled,
 too, by a storm; a fierce, tropical
 storm. The rain, thick and heavy,
 plashed in our faces, and made the
 ground slippery under our feet. The
 lightning flashed in our eyes, and the
 electric sulpher shortened our breath
 ing. Still we coughed, and panted,
 and staggered onward, nerved by the
 knowledge that death was behind us.
 I shall never forget that fearful race.
 I thought it would never end. I can
 only liken it to one of those dreams in
 which we are always making endea
 vours to escape from some horrible
 monster, and are as often hindered b)
 a strange and mysterious helplesness.
 I remember it now as then. I have of
 ten repeated that flight in my sleep,
 and always awoke with a feeling ol
 shuddering horror. We had got with
 in five hundred yards of the timber.
 Fivo hundred yards is not much to a
 fresh runner; but to us toiling along
 at a trot, that much more resembled a
 walk, it seemed an infinity. A small
 prairie, w th a stream beyond, separa
 ted us from the edge of the woods, a
 smooth sward, without a single tree.
 We had entered upon it; Raoul, who
 was light on foot, being in the advance,
 while Lincoln, from choice, hung in
 the rear. An exclamation from the
 hunter caused us to look back. We
 were too much fatigued and worn-out
 to be frightened at the sight. Along
 the crest of the hill a hundred hors
 men were dashing after us in full gal
 lop, and the next moment their venge
 ful screams were ringing in our ears.
 “Now, do yer best, boys,” cried Lin
 coln, “an I’ll stop the cavortin of that
 ere foremost feller afore he gits much
 furrer.” We trailed our bodies ou,
 but we could hear the guerilleros fast
 closing upon us. The bullets from
 their escopettes whistled in our ears,
 and cut the grass among our feet. I
 saw Raoul, who had reached the tim
 ber, turn suddenly round, and v»alk
 back. He had resolved to share our
 fate. “Save yourself, Raoul I call
 ed with my weak voice; but he could
 not have heard me above the din. I
 saw him still walking towards us. I
 heard the screams behind. I heard
 the shots, and the whizzing of bullets,
 and the fierce shouts. I heard the
 clatter of hoofs, and the rasping of
 sabres, as they leaped out of tho iron
 sheaths; and among these I heard the
 crack of Lincoln’s rifle and the wild yell
 of the hunter. Then a peal of thunder
 drowned all other sounds; the heavens
 one moment seemed on fire, then black,
 black I felt the stifling smell of sul
 phur, a hot flash, a quick stroke from
 j some invisible hand, and 1 sank sense
 i less to the earth Something cool in
 jmy throat and over my face brought
 back the conciousness that I lived. It
 was water. I opened my eyes, but it
 was some moments before I could see
 that Raoul was bending over nrc and
 laving my temples with water from his
 boot I muttered some half-coherent
 inquiries. “It was a coup d'eclair, cap
 tain,” said Raoul.— Good heavens
 We bad been struct by lightening
 Raoul, being in the advance, had es
 caped. The Frenchman left me and
 went to Clayley, who, with Chunc and
 ’.he hunter, lay close by, all three,
 as I thought dead. They were pale as
 corpses, with here and there a spot of
 purple or a livid line traced over their
 skins, white their lips presented the
 whitish, bloodless hue of death “Are
 ‘hey dead I asked, feebly. “I
 think not; we shall see;” and tho
 Frenchman poured some water in Clay
 ley,s mouth. The latter tighed heavily,
 and appeared to revive. Raoul passed
 on to the hunter, who, as soon as he
 felt the water, started to his feet, and,
 clutching his comrade fiercely by the
 throat exclaimed, “Yer cussed cata
 mount yer wud hang me, wud ye
 Seeing who it w as, he stopped sudden
 ly, and looked round with an air of ex
 treain bewilderment. His eye now fell
 upon the rifle; and all at once, veetn
 ing to recollect himself, he staggered
 towards it and picked it up.—Then, as
 if by instinct, hi? passed his hand into
 his pouch and coolly commenced load
 ing*! While Raoul was busy with
 Clay ley and the Irishman, I had risen
 tp my feet and looked hack over the
 prairie, The ran was falling in tor
 rents, and the lightning still flashed at
 intervals. At the distance of fifty
 paces a black mass was lying upon the
 ground, motionless, a mass of men and
 horses, mingled together as they had
 fallen in their track* Here and there
 a single horse and his rider lay pos
 trate together. Beyond these, twenty
 or thirty horsemen were gallopping in
 circles over the plain, and vainly en
 deavouring to head their frightened
 steeds towards the point we were.
 These, like Raoul, had escaped the
 stroke. “Come,” cried the French
 man, who had now resuscitated Clay
 ley and Chane, “we have not a mo
 ment to lose. The mustangs will get
 over their fright, and these fellows will
 be down upon us.” His advice was
 instantly followed, and before the guer
 illeros could manage their scared
 horses, we had entered the thicket and
 were crawling along under the wet
 leaves.— The Rifle Ranger s.
 JCJ* A China man in San Francis
 co, by the name of As-Sing, keeper
 of a restaurant left open a cess-pool on
 his premises, into which one of the
 citizens chanced to fall, and the result
 was an action for damages. To the
 note addressed by the sufferer’s law
 yer to John Chinaman, the following
 reply (in good Chinese) was returned
 immediately “By the laws of the
 Celestial Empire, which have been in
 force since the reign of Confucius to
 the reign of the present illustrious
 Taukwang, it is provided that where a
 man trespasses upon another’s property
 and thereby faileth into a sink, he shall
 get nothing but dirty clothes, unless he
 shall happen to be an outside barbari
 an, in which ease he shall also get
 laughed at. As-Sing believes those
 laejs still in foree in all parts of the
 world, and also in California. But, if
 Mr. E. thinks otherwise, he can trot
 that officer along with the writ.”
THE DUKE OF WELLIHGTONr
 The London papers contain the fol
 lowing ludicrous account of a game of
 cross-purposes played by the great
 Duke of Wellington, the great Bishop
 of London, and the not quite so. groat,
 but somewhat great-.sh Mrs. London,,
 the authoress:—
 “A remarkable story has besn in
 circulation in private circles for some
 days past, which, we think, is too good
 to be l:.st to the “general public,” par
 ticularly as it numbers among its dra
 matis persotye no less personages than
 Field Marshal his Grace the Comman
 der-in-Chicf, the Metropolitan Bishop,
 and an accomplished authoress. It is
 only necessary to mention the name of
 Mrs. London, to recall to tho reader’s
 memory, the clever writings of that
 lady on horticulture. She was lately
 in the neighborhood of Strathfieldsaye,
 and being.anxtous to visit spots remark
 able for fine specimens of the vegeta
 ble world, she wrote to the duke, con
 veying her desire to see some “beech
 es,” for which the gardens of bis Grace
 were celebrated. Tho letter was duly
 delivered, and the duke, raising his
 glasses and glancing at the contents,
 his eye caught hastily the signature of
 the note, “C. J. London,” and he at
 once came to tho conclusion that it
 i came from Charles James, Bishop of
 of London, more particularly as the
 i hand writing bore a close resemblance
 to that of the right rev. prelate. But
 whilst there was nothing remarkable in
 the fact of a note from the bishop, the
 object of it did raise his Grace’s most
 especial wonder, for that same rapid
 glance which had converted an amiable
 i lady into a bishop, metamorphosed the
 majectic beeches of Strathfieldsaye in
 to the nether garments of their illustri
 ous owner; in fact the note ran thus:
 that “C. J. London” (the ordinary
 laconic mode in which Charles James,
 Bishop of London, sums up his hon
 t ors and dignities) was desirous of
 i viewing the Duke of Wellington’s
 “breeches.” How the Duke looked
 t as he eyed the note, is notour province
 i to picture, but with his usual despatch,
 and thinking that the request applied
 I to the Waterloo inexpressibles, and
 that they might be wanted for artistic
 i purposes, he directed his valet to look
 r out the article, and forward it in a
 polite form to his lordship.
 II The packet arrived at the bishop’s,
 I and the amazement with which the pre
 late received with “F. M. the Duke of
 1 Wellington’s compliments,” his “Wa
 terloo breeches,” may possibly be con
 st ceived. But the ludicrous was soon
 f changed into the painful, as the idea
 i flashed through the mind of the bishop
 s! that all was not “quite right” with the
 I great veteran, and to solve the painful
 r. doubt his lordship started off to the
 i premier to make Lord John a party to
 the extraordinary present he had re
 ceived. Now it happened that after
 i the parcel had been despatched, the
 Duke was struck by a similar thought
 i as to the mental state of the right rev
 t erend prelate, and he, too, thought it
 t his duty to report to the premier the
 t probable state of one of the heads of
 the church militant. His Grace arrived
 f most apropos. The bishop was with
 tlie premier, Lord John was pondering
 t’over the mystery of the breeches,
 when up rode the noble owner of them.
 How he ar.d the bishop looked at each
 other, is again one of those matters in
 which the imagination of the pencil
 1 must come to the duty of the pen. But
 I the climax of the scene was, that the
 letter, the source from whence all the
 a mischief had arose, was produced,
 f conned over, and at length rightly in
 r terpreted, C. J. London was substitut
 i ed for the Bishop of London, the beech
 es of Strathfieldsaye for the Duk’s
 breeches, and to suin up, Mrs. London
 i received by return of post a polite com
 pliance with her request. We have
 given the above facts as they have
 I been related in different quarters as au
 thentic.
 I BARNES, EDITOR OF THE LON
 DON TIMES.
 Equally good scholar, but of a less
 zealous temperament was Barnes, who
 I stood next me on the deputy-Grecian
 I form, and who was afterwards identi-
 I lied with the sudden and striking in
 ,l crease oi the Times newspaper in fame
 and influence. He was very handsome
 when young, with a profile of Grecian
 regularity; and was famous among us
 for a certain dispassionate humor, for
 his admiration of the works of Field
 ing, and of his delight, nevertheless,
 in pushing a narrative to its utmost,
 and drawing upon his stores of
 fancy for intensifying it, an amusement
 I for which he possessed an understood
 I privilege. It was painful in after-life
 j to see his good looks swallowed up in
 I corpulency, and his once handsome
 mouth thrusting its under lip.out, and
 panting with asthma. I believe he was
 eriginally so well constituted, in point
 I of health and bodily feeling, that he
 fancied he could go on all his life with
 out taking any of the usual methods to
 preserve his comfort. The editorship
 ot the Times, which turned his night
 into day, and would have been a trying
 burden to auy man, completed the bad
 I consequences of bis negligence, and
 he died painfully before he was old.
 Barnes wrote elegant Latin verse, a
 I classical English style, and might as-
 I suredly have made himself a name in
 wit and literature, had he cared much
 for anything beyond his glass of wine
 and his Fielding.
 What pleasant days have I not pas
 sed with him, and other schoolfellows,
 bathing in the New River, and boating
 on the Thames. He and I began to
 learn Italian together; and any body
 not within the pale of the enthusiactic
 might have thought us mad, as we
 went shouting the beginning of Metas-
 I tasio’s ode to Venus, as loud as we
 could bawl, over the Hornsey-fields.—
 Light HurU. j
 Icy 6 -They hare a newspaper-folding
 machine attached to the press of the
 Boston Transcript, which will fold 60
 papors per minutd We wish some
 Yankee would iov Ma machine to di
 rect papers, and make subscribers
 pay up.”

 A friend of ours, say* he is growing
 weaker eod weaMur every day. He
 has got so now thfct h« cant’ raise five
 dollars.
2tt&gt;utrtiottnrato.
Asylum for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 A.-ylum, N«» 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orph:ui Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This I net initio*
 t« how firmly established and in rucre*sful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every disea? ethat it
 admitted there, aiid applies the natural sod appro
 priate remedy. Altltougii water ia uaed in every way
 that is applied io any water-care establishment in
 the United Staten, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it ta not relied on at the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class o(
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems af practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever heittg any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is jmrticularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise op speak aloud, t
 2d. Weakness and faßi»g of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, SlkmßerdpSeck and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages. Piles, Postiveness, I)i
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and i I ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Klicum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Contumptiod is
 its first stages, General Weak ness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country*; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are Ids remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfiicient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor wjll enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 nay all the expenses from any part of the United
 Mt'ites here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co’ sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay tire expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, lie cause
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be moi
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid*
 that have 9pent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without mpeh or any
 t&gt;enefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tin
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 1 situation, and can have it cost tliem nothing onfen
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefoi e the
 1 proprietor does not solicit the. patronage of slight ami
 ordinary cases which may 1* easily helped bg othei
 systems of practice; nor doeH he want any one tc
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day ii
 p succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much lalxir and fatigue as most of peopk
 I that call themselves well, as lie means that ever}
 l one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 1 creased strength, elasticity of motion, hrmnesß o
 texture, capability of endurance, and iraprovei
 health, that the treatment iu this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, am
 1 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 l ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to I)r. THOMAS
 HAMILTON', Rochester, post paid, will receivi
 immediate atleuiion. If requested, reference wil
 lie made to those who have been helped in this lusti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 nrtiie proprietor to meet the above expenses if,"
 I required.
 atlTol water CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attentioi
 of Invalids, especially those suffering fron
 1 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment ii
 Athol, Mass.
 H is house was opened for the reception of patient*
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 1 dies for a philosophic and tliorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and ii
 Surity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 istilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bu
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. Th&lt;
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and hai
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So tlia&lt;
 with die water, suitable regimen, mountain air,*anc
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain tlu
 1 heahhlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 IL, wife of Dea. 8.,. of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fasi
 August. Her case presented .the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell hackward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 etfort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the coutrary, would cross the
 other. She bad been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatibenl commenced the 16lb of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered ms to lie able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aotneslic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 withothers, will be charged less.
 Athol. March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT*
 Free Labor (roods,
 jUTAN UFACTUREU by the American Free Pro
 dace Association, and for sale at No. 81,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Cheeky Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, uafiMsbed; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslm for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black anti white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 fcc. he.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 f ifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. iui—tf
 Colored Sailors’ Bone,
 330, Pearl Street New York.
 T?RIENDS of the-afarve, and strangers on a visit
 A to New YorX, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low* a price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tidn paid to their comfbit. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in Ibis country,-in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is
 urugiicis.
 Drs.lLktm.Tos and Sr bag be, of Buffalo,
 Dr. Uabsoh, Batavia.
 Dm. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Pott in, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hobgh, s*pJ4 6m
■fclstet’s Eclectic Metical Iwttttie,
 a*4 Water-Care EstiMlslafit.
 'T’HIS Institution has been in Mwouafnl operation,
 JL daring fo.nl*** year*. for ewaoff all Quranic
 and such a* cannot Wc removed by medi
 cine akme.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tinite have hem restored to health and mefbhtes*
 by the treatment punned at ihie Institution, who
 could not find relief Iw any other course of medi
 cine. Hundred# who had been confined to their
 bed# lor year*, and who were almost in dtsnair,
 hare bad renewed hope and courage when they hare
 learned that others, laboring uuder a* many discour
 agements as them#*lre#, tew been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHROMIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptom# ol almost all otlier
 diseases, with their accompaniment*—a# DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would my, we are curing hundreds rest
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wive#
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time aud money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are genera llv understood and applied; hut a
 COJtBIN ED TREATMF 5T WITH KI.ECTRtCITT,
 and a new inode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sore to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the ease one time in ten.
 Female Diseases— Prolapsus Uteri (failing
 of the womb,) Leucorrliea, [whiles] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life*—involuntary
 discharge of .trine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at mosc a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to'tfte
 happiness of other*. This has never failed to lie
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Tlxtee
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaviog file
 Institution.
 Suck u our knowledge and confidence fa this unpar
 alt Ued treatment for all long landing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever hind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, •■'ltd
 give them our professional services, free of charge,-y
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it;is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism fnim
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and w ill lie a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking without
 finding it; that here they will not spend meir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will t«e practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties ss
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The, most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go od
 and down stairs in 48 flours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard totheir original dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure u performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post |&gt;aid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free ot
 charge—togctlier with tile most respectable refer
 ences in the city ami country.
 P. H.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured ut home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll alstkd
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. VV. Montgomery, Rocliester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 style*.
 1 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.J
 Muslin dc Laine, plain and neatly figured, ail wool.
 Liuen», warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cottou Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and cobred Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 A lie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tlie Managers of Else Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cberry-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of cloee
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12$ rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touchin|
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 184 cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A 8.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Park hurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 Aiti-SUnry Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a band so m
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and uselu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to he directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jut—tf
 “Every Man bis own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR. j
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book 1
 for ovary fu.nify in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page 1
 indicates, it THE HOME DOCTOR, or Faintly j
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment J
 of Diseases; with an account ol the system while in f
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen- f
 dedto which are recipes for making various medi-
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The f
 whole written for general use and daihflpractiee, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.” 1
 Also, accorapanyMUt this book, or separate, is
 ‘&lt;THE HERB BOOK,» book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every ftun-
 iiy to know, and written expressly lor family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 c»t Botany, and will furnish on that pomtail the J
 nesired information wanted f
 «T*ra«c P*
 at 12$ cents. J
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given ot
 sotnatuoemnybe rfW^£°®« u *‘*r,topce
 vent practising in dm dark; also the treatment, a n
 t k Z2 U

TW bookhufam written with pwteut, ia
 plain, ftfospte, etwranewat etyte easily to h* to
 l«n«iiod by every per,-on, am! hv a practical pbypte.,
 cmn »al Ji thorough botanist. W« can reonneitd
 w th entire ronfideiwe. feeing a wr.rk superior
 in all rMsecta to may other hook at the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families ia the country, and especially those Hr*
 lag in aew countries and unhealthy eitaaates, should
 tot tail to procure a copy aad hare it at all times at
 itancf, in caae of sickness a.« they might thereby hy
 some aimpie remethr an an expeotive and pttfttar
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, snch ft bo.4'- 1
 should he ia ererr house. he a Aft and ttSS ftdNtaM
 ta time of nee.l, the direritioo given for pereoaa ia
 health cannot lie too strictly alluded to by aIL
 The price at which the liook is sohl ia so low that
 trery family may hare a copy, and none ihoasd ha
 without it.
 The book te put up in Paper binding, and can
 easiWbesentby nail. Postage oah «4 cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
 Any person sending u. dollar by moil, and
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall hare four
 copies sent him pet sfpostage.
 Sena ia voor orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th ir destination.
 Otj- Four families cas dub together and send a
 dollar bill, and hare four books sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sail
 this work, almost erery family will purchase it il
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from f*o
 to $BO will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 wwr pmd, OEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THS HOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience hare fully prorad that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its eoual
 on the list of popular medicines, haring been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its rirtuet first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts snd philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Expert-
 cnee of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 i Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most rases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil lias lieen completely successful and in which olh
 er pretended remedies liave completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coras,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises,Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes. Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and otlier
 animals,fmcli .is
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c, *r.
 N uinerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that werethey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they couki hardly have lieen credited.
 'flte cekg rated I&gt;r. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,and would com
 nicmi it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where tlie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment, in such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within die circle ol means uow in*
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is uo
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, ami to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner, iu bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use sf Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eoniiuend it to the public as the beat medicine for
 hoises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will bs
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see wbat won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally iu the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B,
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wadi
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson A Panderson,
 land, O.; GkDing A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany t
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Green man Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July 13—9 m
 British Periodical Literature.
 Tkt London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread Rune of these splendid periotli
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand for in advance o
 anyu&lt;ing ol' the sort uow published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of u party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having bees
 originally edited by Dr. Chahasssv and now, mm
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character mof the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only
 is puhliseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster —it being in foct a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of unitiag in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on tine white paper, aad
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact foc-nmileof the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICK* FOR 1849, (if suwcrjbkdfor kakly.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $S 00 per annum
 For any two do 600
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 800
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood ami the Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 wnt to one address on payment of the regular suo
 Kriptton for three—tlie fourth copy befog grift i*.
 A ,nI
 [Hiurkwin-f’it aoomoa to as early sheets ot
 ghiiii U* hMc* to pk&lt;* tlfcfe
 nlire number in the hand* of*oWril*r* before any
 lortmn ot ti can tie reprinted in ungjtjfre American
 fournals. For this and oilier advantages seeurad to
 mr subscribers we pay m large a consideration, that
 ve may be compel*to raise the price of the Map
 une. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early orfie
 be price u tew, 7-
 Remittance* and ewumuaieutteas should awws
 4d, '“tfcSS.iHi'3cS#"itr “fSb'
 lA.Fri».s u 1 S«.»«l« fc
 1
