Mr. Douglass introduced hi* by a
 reference to the. means of ridding the nation
 from the accursed slave system .declaring them
 u&gt; he available to one and aH, whether their j
 influence in the community *vas great or email, j
 whenever, wherever, or However the system J
 presented any of its evil», it wm their appnv
 priat minion to give it battle. They should
 make themselves acquainted with the sustain
 ing influences of the system, that they might
 ]ab*r the more efficiently for its annihilation.
 He would not attempt to deepen their hor
 ror of the slave system for many, like him
 s&lt; if. were familiar w ith its realities; the vic
 tim of .Southern oppression was doomed to
 a long life of injury, from which there was
 no escape, no progress or advancement. Sla
 very in sustained to the present time by a com
 bination of wicker! infludnees, at the North
 a* well as at the South, a perverted moral
 sentiment, for which the .American church is
 responsible. Only think of a ehveholdmg
 minister alt-mpting to preach morality, taking
 t h. a tii-i liilu of Ambassador of Christ,
 aud at the same time, the robber of men,
 wuuien and children, made in the image of
 burs with him to the same immortality,
 the tame judgment!
 Henry Clay assert* that to be property
 which the laws declare such, and estimates
 the value of slaves in the E. States at $12,-
 000.000. and self-styled Christians responded
 a;nt n to this God-d&lt; tying doctrine. Man can
 only be his own owner, lie is no other than
 a thief w ho calls mn or you hi* ow n property
 and if one sinner is such above all others, it is
 he who would inflict stripes upon a human
 being, and quote scripture in justification, as
 did a master of mine, w hen brutually flogging
 a female slave They who know their mas
 ter's will and do it not, shall bo beaten with
 many stripes.”
 The slaveholder is a depraved man. His
 heart is corrupt; it is a citadel of whips,
 chains and thumb-screws. They originate in
 the heart before they are used by the hand.
 Mr. I). here narrated several instances of
 cruelty p -rpetrated under his own observation
 bv slaveholders at the South, many of whom
 were active church members.
 When Southern slaveholders and their
 No-t.i rn abettors received no countenance
 from the community when they would be
 rebuked and shunned by respectable and
 Christian people, there would be reason to
 expect a speedy downfall of the entire
 system.
 The colored people at the North possess a
 potent means of changing public opinion on
 this gn at question. Their conduct is ob
 observed by friend and foe. They should
 therefore ami at a high standard of morality
 and self-respect. That they may command
 so n‘thing more than sympathy, they must
 earn the respect of n community, of a nation
 while they could never do this by exclusive
 organizations, but by making themselves of
 the people, inter*'Sled in ami for what con
 cerns the whole people. They must be tem
 perance people, otherwise they may expect
 to remain in degradation.
 It is pro-slavery policy to keep the
 colored man in a subordinate position, mental,
 moral, and physical, We must declare our
 independence of such trammel, and avail our
 selves i,f' the various avenues to improvement.
 .Mr. I)., as a means of encouragement to
 bis amln uce, and to strengthen himself, de
 tailed his experience in learning to read, when
 a slave at Baltimore and during his residence
 in Neu Bedford; that while laboring at the
 blacksmith's bellows, lie stationed his book or
 paper where at intervals lie might learn a sen
 tence, and bv similar efforts being persevered
 in, he succeeded. He subscribed for the Lib
 erator and the first lesson he received
 from ii* mono, and which has ever since
 been impressed upon his mind, was the noble
 and sublime sentiment, My country is the
 world—mv countrymen, mankind.” It was
 all-inspiring to him. It was a new idea, and
 one w orthy the cause to winch the Liberator
 w as zealously devoted. The warm panegyric
 here bestowed upon William Lloyd Garrison,
 to whom the colored man owed tlte largest
 gratitude, was loudly approbated by the audi
 dience, reminding us of a distinguished colored
 clergyman, al a New England Anti-Slavery
 Convention, in May, 1836, who thus bore a
 testimony to the pioneer in the cause of eman
 cipation ‘‘Yes, the friend of the colored
 man lives Blessed be God, Garrrison lives!”
 To the uttermost j arts of the earth, w.ierever
 the colored man ran hear this, he would
 raise his hands to heaven, and thank God
 that he lived to plead the cause of the slave.
 This prayer Was the slave's language His
 heart yearns towards those who plead in his
 behalf.
 Mr. 1). alluded to bis first impressions of
 Charles Lenox Remond and Henry H. Gar
 nct, who each addressed New Bedford audi
 ences. 1 he effect produced on tlte citizens
 by therr arguments and eloquence,excited in his
 breast a new hope for the elevation of his
 downtrodden rae*. Mind will always com
 mand respect. elored men and women
 should aspire to the highest intelligence, and
 re.n -mb r that knowledge is power. They
 should earn’ money, and be prudent in ex
 penutures, curtailing their amusements, con
 tnaute rather to the education of themselves
 and children in all those pursuits calculated to
 i ’vaie them m the opinion of an observing
 community.
 Many other points were illustrated and en
 lerei d at the time but perhaps enough is
 to enable the reader to gather
 a
 wupresKtou ot the occasion. Those
 iiMulur wW.,
 f if ,u «l**cos me meetings were bold,
 felt abufidainu
 Warded and gratified. May
 the good seed h
 H t v n M wisely unproved.
 A ct.I’TABLE Worship..—e.
 bi Sunday after
 iusiii hist, a respectable audience came to
 gather at thu Court House, to bear Frederick
 Douglass fci»eak on Anti-Slavery
 y: P, showing that there are those among ut
 who believe that striving to bring peace o®
 earth uiui good will towards men, is aoeeptu
 Lie worship, in Judea, eighteen centime;
 ago, the threat 1 ear her, in one of those heau&lt;
 mul parables by which he uttered (ruths, fa
 *M*-h persuasive words, that the bystanders
 r,nM not choose but lie.tr,*’ taught that trim
 r« iigiou was to f‘od the hungry, clothe the
 naked, vimt those m prison. Han Christian**
 tv eh angl'd smee that day Verily not—Ujat
 v'.trw liruttanity not the faith barren of
 wtjrks, and, at l**»t, but a poor, weak fa.th,
 in u “any &lt;&gt;f the pulpits of thenino
 p.'.ntli century. I rue religion, then, is that
winch dots g—dto man, m the test, the only
 way to answer, the great and of existence, the
 truest way to obey the will of Him who loreth
 all, and would that each should live for the
 happiness of all. Lotus hare rrvimi of
 the earnest faith of the Nsaarene let «e often
 gather on the Sahbath to remember those in
 bonds as bound with them: to hear the stir
 ring words of Douglass ;to rup each other a
 minds to retnembrauce of oar brethren in
 bonds 0- B* S.
 MElf Altl) PARALLEL.
 The following paragraph is floating about
 among the Whig papers, and may therefore
 probably be understood to ex pres* the aeuti-j
 ments of thoee papers
 Fsct Taxor, is G«eat. Britain.—.Not*iiV
 rtart line ih* rhetorical fiourbbe* on thi« stile tiie
 water, »&gt;n free trade in Great Britain, it an enta
 bliitmi fart that Airan icaa Tobacco cnlriLslr* an
 annual revenue to the ruflcm of that country of ap~
 ward* of fifteen million* of dollar*.
 The precise intention of this sentence does
 not quite appear. It may bo understood in
 two ways—either as intending to show that
 the duty on tobacco is an advantage to Great
 Britain, nr that a similar impost would he an
 advantage to this country. Both ideas are
 equally fallacious. With respect to the for
 mer, it has been proved almost to nausea, by
 facts and figures which defy every attempt at
 contradiction, that all indirect taxation is an
 injury—an injury to commerce and to public
 morality. This very article of tobacco is a
 C3se peculiarly in point. Scarcely a week
 passes in which we do not hear of some
 seizure at the English custom-house for an
 attempt to defraud the revenue. The doc
 trine of Free Trade has now become almost
 universally allowed in Britain, as a matter of
 theory; and it is also in a fair way to be
 allowed as a matter of fact. With respect to
 the latter construction of the sentence quoted
 above, it will not be disputed, that if people
 will have governments, it is the most reason
 able tiling in the world that they should sup
 port them and if they are alive to their own
 interests, they will do so in such a way as
 will best answer the purpose. The wise, it
 is said, learn by other people’s experience,
 while fools scarcely learn by their own. An
 erroneous principle in Britain docs not change
 its character by being transplanted across the
 Atlantic. What has been proved to be a
 mistake there will be equally so here. If a
 tax on tobacco were to hare the effect of
 checking the consumption of this mischievous
 drug, one might almost be led to desire that
 such a tax were imposed. Experience; how
 ever, does not teach this: it teaches that all
 legislation for the purpose of checking vice, is
 vain and nugatory.
 But the mere money interest is not the only
 nor the most important matter to be consi-'
 dered in relation to what are called “Pro-!
 tective duties.” It is in every one's mouth,!
 that the free commercial intercourse of
 nations is very effective in producing friendly)
 relations between them. While the admis
 sion of foreign goods only on payment of a
 duty has an influence directly the reverse of
 this. The selfish idea of mine and thine—

 my country and thy country —the money in- 1
 terest, as it is thought, of one particular spot;
 on the globe, in opposition to the rest of the;
 world, is the idea fostered by all duties on
 foreign, for the protection of home produce.
 It is out of this sentiment that w ars, and jea
 lousies, and hatreds between nations oiiginate.
 When this narrow policy is adopted by one i
 nalion, other nations reciprocate the benefit. 1
 A reciprocity of taxation is a reciprocity of
 robbery. 1 once witnessed a striking instance!
 of such reciprocity in a zoological exhibition.
 When the apes were fed, each tried to pos-j
 sess himself of a share of his neighbor’s meal, j
 and left his own for that of another; and so
 the game went round —ape stealing from ape. i
 and scratching and quarrelling after the most;
 approved ape-fashion everyone thinking that i
 he was getting more than bis own share, and
 his neighbor less. Poor mistaken apes 1 all
 that you gained by the bargain Wo* a few
 bites and scratches. —j. n.
 llow Rochester and the adjacent
 COUNTRY WERE BOUGHT FROM THE INDIANS.
 —lt appears from the valuable manuscript of
 Judge Porter, that about tiie end of June,
 17H8, Oliver Phelps, of Granville, Mass., at
 tempted, at a treaty held with the Indians at
 Butialo, to purchase all their land held within
 the Massachusetts Pre-emption Claim. But
 the Indians were unwilling to sell any portion
 of the country west of the Genesee river, al
 leging that the Great Spirit" had fixed that
 stream as the boundary between the white and
 the red man. Mr. Phelps finding them quite
 immovable on that point, represented to them
 that he was very desirous to get some land
 west of the river, at the Great Falls, for the
 purpose of building thereon mills for the use
 and convenience of the white settlers coming
 into the country, and these mills when built
 would be very convenient forthc Indian* them
 splvos. The Indians then asked how much
 land he wanted for his mill site. He replied
 that he thought a piece about 12 miles wide,ex
 tending from Conewagas village, on the west
 side of the river to its mouth, (about twenty
 eight miles) would answer the purpose. To
 this the Indians replied that it seemed to be a
 good deal of land for a mill site, but as they
 supposed the Yankees knew best what was
 required, they would let him have it. After
 the treaty was concluded, the Indians tokl Mr.
 Phelps that it being customary for them to
 give the man with whom they had dealt a
 name, they would give him one. They also
 said they should expect from him a treat”
 and a walking staff, (meaning some spirits,)
 to help them home. The name they gave Mr.
 Phelps on this occasion, was that by which
 he was ever afterwards known among them,
 viz: Scaw-gun-se-ga, which means “The
 Great Full.” The purchase included w hat is
 now the city of Rochester, and was thereafter
 called The Mill-Site Tract.” Its contents
 are about 200,000 acres. The result of this
 treaty was the purchase of the Mill-Site
 Tract, ami a region bounded on the North by
 Rake Ontario, East by the East line of the
 Massachusetts claim—which passed through
 a pari of the Seneca Lake at Geneva—on the
 South by the Pennsylvania North line, West
 by the Genesee river as far up as the mouth
 of the Canaseraga Creek, and by aline run
 ning due South from that point to the Penn-
 line. The lands thus purchased are
 Phelps’ and Gorham's Indian pur
 It b is ro W rapidly.
 j has no theatre b burche and
 !freedom, *wl w 5° fhs
 f shall be Uughtiiv S?« VT C,traCFTiS
 Ir-JV, O, /V. h 4 aefenoi *1 morals,”
 Afiuc A Umted
 States.—This religious ihcKmuinuwa now
 numbers nearly 40,000 communicant*. They
 have recently undertaken to establish a lu*ra
 ry institution, and for that purpose have par
 chased a piece of ground about twelve miles
 from Columbus, in FrankMn county, Ohio.
.foreign Neto9.
Most of th« reader* of the North Star axe
 doubtless already in possession of the rcry
 unexpected intelligence on European, and
 particularly French affairs, by the steamer
 Cambria. Still a brief statement of the rnosi
 prominent (acta may not be unacceptable.
 Another revolution has been enacted in
 France. But how it will terminate cannot
 yet with aay certainty be predicated. The
 immediate cause of the outbreak was the
 preventing of a reform banquet from being
 held. Probably it would hare come to pass
 in soma other way, if not thua. On the 22d
 of February, prodammatioos were issued by
 the prefect of police, forbidding the banquet
 and all assemblages of the people. An order
 of the day was also published by the com
 mander of the National Guaida, forbidding
 their appearance in uniform, unless ordered
 by their chiefs. Thereupon the opposition
 Deputies met. and resolved that the banquet
 should not take place, and that a motion foi
 the impeachment of Ministers be made in the
 Chamber of Deputies. Ju the meantime, an
 army of more than a hundred thousand men
 was collected in Paris. As the day advanced,
 dense crowds filled the principal thorough
 fares, and large bodies of police and military
 were called out, to preserve order. The
 house of M. Guizot was attacked the mili
 tary dispersed the crowds, which speedily
 reassembled, barricaded the streets, tore up
 the pavement, and prepared for a protracted
 resistance. In the Chamber of Deputies, the
 impeachment of Ministers was submitted,
 signed by fifty-three membeis; M. Odillon
 Barrot at the head. The Ministry are ac
 cused under seven articles, as follows
 1. Of having betrayed abroad the honor
 and the interests of France.
 2. Of having falsified the principles of the
 constitution, violated the guarantees of liber
 ty, and attacked the rights of the people.
 3. Of having, bv a systematic corruption,
 attempted to substitute, for the free expression
 of public opi the calculations of private
 interest, and t is perverted the representative
 government.
 4. Of having trafficked, for ministerial pur
 poses, in public offices, as well as in all the
 prerogatives and privileges of power.
 5. For having, in the same interest, wasted
 the finances of the state, and thus compro
 mised the forces and the grandeur of the
 kingdom.
 G. Of having violently despoiled the citizens
 of a right inherent to every free constitution,
 and the exercise of which had been guaran
 teed to them by the Charter, by the laws,
 and by former precedents.
 7. Of having, in fine, by a policy overtly
 counter-revolutionary, placed in question all
 the conquests of our two revolutions, and
 thrown the country into a profound agitation.
 The Guizot Ministry, seeing their unpopu
 larity, gave in their resignation.
 In the night, barricades were erected at the
 comers of every street, gentlemen, shop
 keepers, clerks, workmen, all laboring at the
 work.
 On the 24th, it is stated in a Telegraphic
 report, that Louis Philippe had abdicated in
 favor of the ount of Paris, and it was pro
 posed by M. Odillon Barrot, that a regency
 should be formed under the Duchess of Or
 leans, (mother of the Count of Paris.) This
 was rejected by the populace, and a republic,
 on the model of the United States, proposed.
 All Paris was in the hands of the National
 Guards and the people, as were also the rail
 way stations.
 On the 24tli, M. Odillon Barrot was for
 mally installed as minister, and the following
 proclamation was posted, amid universal
 acclamations:
 My Dear Comrades, —I have been in
 vested by the new Cabinet, with the superior
 command of the National Guard of the De
 partment of the Seine.
 By your energetic attitude, you have
 asserted the triumph of liberty. You have
 been, and will ever be, the defenders of order.
 I rely upon you, as you may rely upon me.
 ‘Your comrade,
 (Signed) Gen. LAMORICIERE.
 (Countersigned) ODILLON BAHIiOT.
 And not long after that the follow ing:
 Citizens of Paris, —The King has abdi
 cated. The crown, bestowed by the revolu
 tion of July, is now placed on the head of a
 child, protected by his mother. They are
 both under the safeguard of all the honor and
 courage of the Parisian population. All
 cause of division amongst us has ceased to
 exist. Orders have been given to the troops
 of the line to return to their respective quar
 ters. Our brave army can be better employed
 than in shedding its blood in so deplorable a
 collision.
 My beloved fellow-citizens From this
 moment, the maintenance of order is entrusted
 to the courage and prudence of the people of
 Paris, and its heroic National Guard. They
 have ever been faithful to our noble country.
 They will not desert her in this grave emer
 gency. ODILLON BARROT.
 This proclamation produced a temporary
 calm.
 The Chamber of Deputies met at one
 o'clock. The greatest agitation and uproar
 prevailed, and when silence was restored,
 M. Dupm announced to the assembly, that
 the King had abdicated in favor of his grand
 son, and conferred the regency on the Duchess
 of Orleans. A voice from the public gallery,
 It is too late.”
 The Daily News of the 26th of February
 has the follow ing:
 A Republic has been proclaimed. The
 King and his family are gone to the chateau
 d‘Ku. A provisional government has been
 confirmed. The following are ministers
 Dupont del’Eure, President; Lamartine,
 Foreign Affairs; Arrago, Marine; Ledru
 Rollin, Interior; Marie, Public Works;
 Carnot, Public Instruction Bethraont, Com
 merce Lamonciere, War; Gamier Pages,
 confirmed as Mayor of Pam; Cavignar,
 Governor of Algiers; Decouririas, Com
 mandant of the National Guard.
 All communication by railway and dili
 gence suspended. The station of the North
 ern Railway has been burnt. It is impossible
 to get out of Paris by that line. All is tran
 quil in the quarter of the Tmleries.”
 Thus has been accomplished another revo
 lution in France; w hether or not with any
 good rebolt, may well be doubled. France is
 not shaken ah&gt;ne. There art movements in
 nearly all the States of Europe. People art
 everywhere finding out that there is some
 thing wrong, and fancy that a more popular
 form of government would mead the matter.
 All this is good it is a movement in the
 oght direction, if the change of government
 «»n bo effected by peecesMe means—not
 otherwise. But the real difficulty lies not
 I
bare. It is not ao much the kind of govern
 meat that people tore to rompliin of, as ib&lt;
 answer Ewiy country ia 100 biicli fof«v
 ed—«tw United States not excepted. Pfeoph
 imagine that the wodd ie fax ad weed it
 knowledge and etrihaaboo. What a mistake
 The world k»H b leading-strings. It ia hk«
 a child in Ha infinity, that cannot walk alone,
 i and feds no confidence ia iiaelf. Perhaps
 the world ia right; probably it could no&lt;
 1 walk alone; but only because it baa not prae
 Used. Governments, hitherto, hare bees
 fruitful in wars, oppressions, and cranes;
 they hare, in truth, been Utile else but vast
 i machineries for the robbery of the weak by
 the strong. They will always continue so.
 It is not in -human nature to hare power,
 without abusing it; such is the leaching oi
 i Experience. But there is something higher
 and better, to which we will do well to look
 forward. There arc doubts, and fears, and
 misgivings os all hands. Few indeed have a
 j firm and unwavering confidence in the simple
 power of Truth. Political action and the
 ballot-box are considered the grand panaceas
 for all social evils. How fallacious! Laws
 are nothing more nor less than the expression
 of public sentiment. The form of govem
 tnent that obtains in a country is nothing else.
 Even a despotism is nothing else. A des
 potic form of government could scarcely
 exist a single day in a country where the
 idea of human equality is in any measure
 recognised by the people. It would be
 thrown aside at once, as a badly fitting gar
 ment. The expression of public sentiment
 now in Russia, id for a despotic form of
 government; in England for a limited mon
 archical and it may r.ow, perhaps, be in
 France for a republican in the United States
 the expression is undoubtedly democratic.
 The balance wonderfully adjusts itself. So
 will it be when the sentiment of the Ameri
 cxn or any other people, stretches forward to
 a better than either of the abovementionod
 j forms—that, too, will find an appropriate ex
 pression. Onward!—j. d.
 From die Lowlon Daily Xe»».
 FALL OF LOUIS'FIIILIPPE.
 The fall of Louis Philippe from the throne
 of July, and his exit from the Tuilertes in a
 brougham, is an event which, however mo
 mentous, will be welcomed with contented
 laughter by perhaps three-fourths of mankind.
 With some, the exultation will ba keener
 whilst fears of the future will with others
 overshadow anything like satisfiction. But
 the whole rise and rule of Louis Philippe is
 so like a fable, and the close at once so preg
 j nant and so just, that we can conceive it writ
 ten in letters of gold, and put into every child's
 hand, in order to teach, how disloyalty in a
 prince cannot prosper, how cunning overreach
 es itself, and how' retribution, though tardy,
 overtakes not merely the knave in rags, but
 him in royal robes. French history will in
 deed be rich in examples: Louis XVI., Na-j
 poleon, Charles X., Louis Philippe—feeble-j
 ness, audacity, bigotry craft, —all rejected.—
 Is France like the ancient kingdom of the
 Jews, for which so many men and races were 1
 tried and found unworthy, that it was the will:
 of Providence to leave them a republic?
 After all, the quarrel would be but about a
 name, for government in France henceforth, I
 if not a military despotism, must b 3 in the I
 sense and in the nature of a republic. And
 bad Louis Philippe understood this necessity,
 he would not have fallen into the horrible blun
 der of his administration. He was elected to
 the throne by the middle classes, and as their
 king his reign was as stable as that of any j
 monarch in any country.
 But he could nfit tolerate these classes—
 could not meet them. Had he kept up the
 National Guard of the capital, reviewed it,
 mingled now and then in its ranks, conciliated
 their not arrogant demands, he would have
 had a body of armed citizens at his order to;
 have put down by the bayonet, as they did
 from 1830 to 1233, every effort of the anarch-,
 ist and republican. But he neglected the Na
 tional Guard, shut it from his sight, and in
 stead of a citizen king, became a king of func
 tionaries and conservatives. Of these lie
 made a majority in his chambers, and thus se
 cure, according to the letter of the constitution
 he thought he might neglect and brave the j
 popular voice. He at last provoked the peo- j
 pie to collision and court and parliament,!
 army and functionaries, were but so many
 reeds before the storm of unpopularity, which j
 has swept all, even the very dynasty, before
 it. j
 Future events remain exceedingly doubtful.
 We will not say that a republic is impossible in
 France. But most certainly the persons nam
 ed upon the provisional government are not
 such as are likely to win the adhesion or com
 mand the respect of the influential classes
 either in Paris or the provinces. But the pro
 visional government, as it is called, is more the
 representative of that party which has triumph
 ed in the streets, than a body of men assum
 ing the government. As representatives of
 the victorious people they may sit in the Ho
 tel de Ville, and have a very potential veto up
 on any resolve of the Chamber of Deputies;
 but to govern France of themselves would be
 an audacious and vain attempt. The Duchess
 of Orleans aud her son, as well as the Duke
 of Nemours, are at, or under the protection of
 the chamber, which has declared its sitting
 permanent. And it is pretty evident, that in
 order to get rid of the Orleans family altogeth
 er, the republicans of the Hotel de Ville must
 march upon the chamber, and like Cromwell,
 dissolve it and disperse it. This, perhaps,
 they may have had the power to do. But in
 doing this the Hotel de Ville people will have
 deprived themselves of authority over the
 provinces, and raised obstacles almost insur
 mountable to their designs. Funds must be
 procured to pay the army, and to carry on the
 administration, which the Hotel de Ville can
 no longer pretend to do, as in the davs of the
 revolution. The government of France is
 now a highly centralised and intricate piece of
 machinery, requiring both skill, experience,
 and respectability to manage and any de
 rangement of the centre wheel would cause
 all to stop and fall asunder. Hence, the acts
 of the Parisian authorities in 1791 and 1792
 could not be repeated. And Ihe republicans
 of the Hotel de Ville, convinced of this, will,
 in all probability, accept the reign and the tu
 telage of the Count oi' ran*.
 Should tliey not accept, should they disperse
 the Chambers by force, aud put revolutionary
 law and measures iu practice, there would be
 a terrible reaction against the republicans; and
 this not only in the provinces, hot in Paris it
 self. General Lamoricurre is popular and
 able, and would rally a groat majority both of
 the regular army and the National Guards.—&gt;
 Tim Prince de Joinvdle is also popular, and
 not the man to submit to he set asule without
 a struggle; so that however the reign of
 Louis Hiitippc may be irrevocably over, his
 family appear to us to have still a very good
 chance of retaining or recovering the crown
 and the supreme authority.
 It while, however to speculate or indulge
 in conjecture as to events that, perhaps, have
 already occurred, and that each coming hour
 will probably disclose. The present state of
 things is doubtful and deplorable bnt we ean
 not think the French people to blame for Hie
 folly and provocation of their rulers. The
 rery republicans were tranquil, rill aroused?,
 and placed by enromstanees, rather than their
 own ambition, is the front rank. That they
 stay have shown mors wisdom and modera*
 tion than we anticipated we sinesseiy desire.
 But Franee, we fear, has much to Mum ere it
 can form a peaceable and regular republican
 Hath.
TAXATION IN ENGLAND.
 More iapoatni ifmmmbke, than c*m the
 moo* moo* errata «T Pam, ta the iofluwce of
 1 those crests upon os. Krtl that there is aitp
 aumlarhty hetatera the poraioa of the two
 eontnea, nor that any daaa here is tainted
 with disaffection, or inclined to tmnit. Bet,
 BCTerthrieas, the epidemic of popahu excite
 ment, prevalent throughout Europe, and berat
 ing into resolution so near os, is not without,
 its efitti erra upon our mere staid and sober
 temperaments. Questions, seldom before ask
 ed, am now uttered and repeated aspiration*
 seldom rentored come forth boldly with every
 breath; grievances hitherto ushered with a
 smile are complained of with the emphasis of
 a curse and the public, m short, is infinitely
 more liberal, both in expression and tn feeling,,
 than the English public was a week ago.—
 Explain the phenomena as you will—we mere
 ly state the fact.
 Now, although we augur nothing grave
 1 from tlic increased earnestness of every non,
 j we still think that times and circumstances,
 and the very political and moral atmosphere
 I which we breathe, are such as to require, not j
 I only a much greater degree of caution and j
 w anness than usual, in pressing ungracious
 and unpopular laws, hut, moreover, we think
 that times and circumstances demand instant I
 concession to popular feeling and popular de
 mauds. The budget, which trunk ters thought
 j it safe and expedient to present, not many
 days since, to Parliament, has excited most
 angty snd discontented feelings m the coun
 try. The exigencies which weighed with
 the government in preparing or consenting to
 that budget, are not considered of due or con
 elusive weight by the country. The select
 committees, to which the estimates have been
 referred, will no doubt take this into oonsider
 ation. But ministers, we think, ought also to
 j reconsider, and withdraw till they have fully
 considered, their proposal for raising the in
 come tax to 5 per cent.
 We need not point to feelings of opposi
 tion, generally arising in the country, on this
 j subject, nor need we eithc r enumerate the
 meetings or recapitulate the arguments. From
 one end to the other the land is alive with pro
 tists. And it appiars to bo as unsafe as it s
 I unjust, to make up that deficit in millions oc
 casioned by the distress of last year, by a
 sweeping levy upon that portion of the popula
 tion which, perhaps, has suffered more than
 any other from that distress.
 We learn that it is in the contemplation of
 ministers to make a move somewhat similar
 to that of the select committee, and to de
 mand of Parliament the five per cent, income
 tax solely for one year, promising that that
 year shall be spent in investigation, and in en
 deavors to settle some more equitable way of
 raising the amount of revenue necessary for
 the public service.
 Such a proposal no doubt indicates on the
 part of ministers a desire to conciliate public
 opinion, and to remove the angry feeling
 which it evinces. But is this enough Par
 liament and all parties have more than once
 broken their word anil practised manifest de
 ception, in stating that the income tax was
 but for a time, when in contemplation it must
 have been permanent, and have thus render
 ed ffve per cent., even lor one year, unen
 durable.
 The conviction in every mind is, that in re
 cent manipulations of finance, however the
 burdens of the lower class may have beau
 lightened, that of the middle class has been
 increased. Take the man of moderate in
 come, who enjoys from 300/. to GOO/, a year,
 calculate his assessed taxes, with the enor
 mous duties on all those items which consti
 tute his expenditures, being from 100 to 700
 per cent, upon the articles of his household
 use, his tea, his sugar, his wine, his spirits,
 then the taxes that await his slightest attempt
 at enjoying more than the necessaries of life,
 and which fall upon his servant or his horse.
 Add to this an income tax,and it w ill be found
 that the state carries off perhaps one-third of
 his income, that income, too, the result of
 years* exertions, to terminate probably in a
 year or two more of exertion whilst from
 the possessor of real property, who has no
 fortune to provide for, either regarding his
 children or himself—from him the slate takes
 perhaps a sixteenth or a tenth.
 The country knows these tilings. And the
 country sees that the argument put forth for I
 the middle clxsscs and life incomes have not
 been answered and that they are set aside,
 it is because greater and more fixed properties
 have greater and more fixed interests in Par- 1
 liament. The country sees that ministers,
 however liberal, want the courage to attack
 and do justice by taxing these large interests.
 And, therefore, it is manifest that ministers
 must be empowered by the unmistakable and
 irresistible injunction of public opinion.—Lou
 don Daily News.
Commercial.
Rochester. March 22. 1848.
 There is no change in wheat and tlour. The for
 mer is firm at §1 25 per bu. Flour is nominally
 l §'s 50(85 75. Butter 20(821 cents.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR axd MEAL—Duty 20 1? c ad val
 Flour, bbl 550 ft 570
 Corn meal, (p bush 56
 PROVISIONS—Duty; lleef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and laird, 2u (pc; Cheese 30 cad val
 Fork, (mess) .1150 ft 12 50
 Do. in hog 500 ft 5 50
 Beef, cwt. 4 50 ft 500
 Do. bid. (mess) 700 ft 800
 Lard (tried) Jh (0 -8£
 Do. (leaf,) ft 5
 Hams, (smoked) 70.. 8
 Shoulders, do. 5 ft 6
 Turkeys lb 8
 Chickens 8
 I Potatoes, bush. 56
 GRA IN—Duty; 20 cad val
 Wheat, bush 1 25
 Corn 37 ft 44
 Rye 00
 Oats 34
 1 Barley ..50
 i HIDES—Duty; 5 If c ad val
 Slaughter 7
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts 75 ft 1 12
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 fp c; Mustard 20 if
 c ad val
 Clover 450 ft SSO
 Timothy 125 ft 2 50
 Flax 1 25
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 if c ad val
 Wbitofi.h bbl 7 50
 Codfish cut 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Bah, hbl 131
 Apples, V Otnlt ..31
 Do. dried 56 A 63
 do* 12J
 Beans, V bush 97 ft 100
 Hay, If ion 10 00 ft 12 50
 Hard wood 300 ft 400
 Soft wood 2 50
 New Yoke, March 22.
 Floor and Meal—ln Floor hut little doing. Kales
 to-day are 1500 bids at fe6 62j&amp;6 70, the latter
 sir in ly pure brands.
 For Meal the inquiry is less time it was. Only a
 few hundred bU# sold at 02 4 lft2 50 for Jen-cy. I
 Saks 500 or 600 bbb&gt; Rye Flour at fc2 7562 87*
 for common, and $4 12| furA*xtra.
 Grain—Haiders of \V heat an* firm, which checks
 the inquiry. The only sale is 2500 bo Genesee at
 01 50. Corn was in demand. Jersey rotted yellow
 is held at 56r. Flat eaa he bought probably at 34c.
 While 53ft54c. Soother* 62*64.
 For Rye 68c was otlered, to arrive and 80c deliver
 ed oo the sprit.
 A sale of &lt;OO hu Bark was mode at 85*r.
 Oats are 46ft 4Se far River.
 Provision*—ln Pork there in a better feeling* an 4
 demand has increased. New mess is 010 25 ■tiui
 prime 09 25*0 97*. with sales 700144..
 Beefi doll. A sale of 50 Manse* Aeuldnra wax male
 at 4*, and 25 do at s*. and 75 da soadtad. Mum
 western at 7|.
 In Butter and Quo not much doing*
 The Tea sale to-day wont low.
 Bale* 250 UAi Ashes at 05 751*587* Cm Ps*.
 and 09 fcr Pearls.
 Biuart have improved Jr.
 Goad Mthow sary farm.
 Cu&amp;« Heady, M iLs
JOB PRtMTINC.
 'pfF WORTH STAR OFFTfT. fbn&gt;Ub»?
 1 w*tN (W M Tfp, for Ac mcmnm *4 crrtty
 iWripttua Printing muk Maters* mH &lt;irspM b,
 tbr lo«»l pntti for cacti,
 Hond4xi!&gt;. Rknki, RilUmH,
 Programmes, CirniWn,
 raopbitt!, Cant*, Uhrb.lK.
1 Vf ARRATITI! OF THU LIFE OF KRFDF.R
 -i tCK IKH'GLAgtS, writ*® by him*rlf, to t*
 ted a* lh&gt;» u®rr, price 90 cent*,
 Opm f thr t, .4. V. t»
 »T«Hr A\TI-,«LAVERV OFFICE i*o READ
 -1 1 \(i ROOM. V». 95. Biiftili Street. T!v
 Room neatly funi»tW. amt tlie taMr* WW *Wi
 wwEjuf the Anti-SiaYrrj, Rett
 f* *S Political aw! l,itcrai\ lap'fr.
A* w in th* pr**3,
 TRIBITE FOR THE SECRO,
 &gt;zr*n a Tisi&gt;tc«Tto» or tit horu, HTfl*
 IKTCU ASt» BKLIQfOVt CApAaVEITt f S OT
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND,
 With particular rtfmurt to tht African rat*.
 Illustrated bfHntmm authentic tacts,
 Sketch**, Teatiattnca of Traveller*. Jte.
 TK* motive* whirh haw a'Ttttted the author in
 preparing the ul«&gt;v .'-mentioned work, are snlelv a
 desire to interest and enlighten tire public mind, on
 a tubieet intimately connected with tin- happioes« it
 misery nf a la rev* portion of the hitwin fomilv and
 by a relation of theta and testimonies, which no
 assertions ran annul, to remove a der|)lv-roattsl pies
 jndiee, existing in the minds of many, respecting.the*
 African rare. 1
 It is an important question whether the Negro is"
 constitutionally, and therefore irremediably inferior
 to the white man, in the powers of the mind. Much'
 of the future welfare of the human rare depends on
 the answer which experience and fiwts will famish
 to this question; fi&gt;r it coorems not onh thr vast
 population of \frica. Imt irtanv ruiliioes of tie* Negro
 race, who arc located elsewhere, and the whites w ho
 are becoming mined w ith tin- black rare, in countries
 wliere S lively exists, or where it lias existed till
 w ithin a recent |w»ri'xf. Mam persons have ventur
 ed upon peremptory on both «i.!es of the
 (|Uestii&gt;n; Imt die majority appear to he still tmsatis-i
 he I ns to the mil capabilities of tile Negro rare,—i
 1 heir present actual infiiority in mam respects,;
 comparing them ns a whole with tlie fighter colour-,
 p 1 |H&gt;rtion of mankind, is too eve lent tola* disputed;
 hut it must he home in mind that dew are not in a
 ht condition for a fair comparison to le ilrawn I c
 tweeti the two. Their present degraded state may
 i •*T'v acc h&gt;r 1 v tlie circumstance* amidst
 Negroes have live f, both in their own country
 and abroad. It a single insMr.re can lie adduced of
 an individual ot the African race exhibiting a genius
 hicli would lie consideredeminent in civilir.r.l Fnro
 wc have a proof tlul there is no incom
 patibility Ivtween Negro organization an 1 high in
 tellectual power. Hut it is not one alone, but inanv
 remarkable eases ol this description that ate brought
 forward in the present volume, which tn:!wltt up
 iwirds oflSf) jJcrtrhcs of Africans or th.ir
 4uct*Habt*, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Trsfimo-
 mes of Travellers, Missionaries, &amp;c., tlie whole
 I arming a complete ‘‘Tribete roR the N echo,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un-
 founded calumnies which have liecn iieaped on the un- E
 fortunate race of Ati ica, proving them to lie endowed
 witli every characteristic constituting tlieir identity I
 with tne great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are‘‘ life, liberty, anti the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on w hich is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 i lit: work will he rendered additionally interesting
 byAjr appropriate introductory poem,
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bernard
 Barton. It will also Ik* enriched bv the addition
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of .South Africa giving Evidence lie fore a
 Select Committee of the 1 louse of Commons. The
 Africans are giving evidence, r I'hillip is seated
 in the foreground, and Janies Read, sen. and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, tic
 latter acting as interpreter. Tlie volume w ill also con
 tain portraits of
 ClNqi' K, the Chief of A ill's tad Captives.”
 Jan 1 zatzof., Christian Chief of die Ainakosa*
 Tribe,South Africa.
 J. W. C. Penington, a highly esteemed Minister
 ol the Gosjiel, ol pure African extract ion.
 REDE RICK Dot'gi.ass, the fugitive slave.
 OI.AODAH EqtlANO, nrUtSTAVtS V'assa.
 Engraved on steclhy first-rate Artists. Also a nc
 simile of U»e wilting of Toussaint L’Oiver
 tlre, the Black Chief of Hayfi.
 Ihe work w ill N* printed in the best tyjie, on fine
 jianer, and consist of about 300 pages 8v.»., beautiful
 jy bound in cloth, with an appropriate device, form
 ing an elegant volume for the draw iug-room table.
 All profits arising from its sale will be devoted to
 tlie Anti-Slavery cause; American prire, to subset il
 era !jfJ; to nou-suhscrilier* c/4; individuals desirous
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending their or
 ders to Wilson A rmistead’, Leeds; or to tin
 North Star Office.
AVnIF,REAS, Wait Hedges and Ei.eaxor
 V Hedges, his wife, of the City of Koclit'Hter,
 on the fourteenth day of July, in the year uf our
 I.ord one thousand eight hundred nnd fortv-five,
 Mortgaged to G* n kit Svi 1 r 11 ,of Pr trrl*&gt;ro,M;idi
 son County, fbr securing to him the payment of Two
 Hundred an:l fifty-five dollars, and interest, all tlmt
 tract or parcel of land situate in the City of Ilorhes
 ter aforesaid, County of Monroe and State of New
 Fork: To wit, tbirty-three feet front on Glasgow
 street, and running back to the rear the same width;
 intending to embrace the East half of all that certain
 lot of land in that part of lot fifty-four (54,) in Town
 ship No. 1, of the Short Range', known as the Cale
 donia Plat; on which the Lend herein intended, is
 distinguished as lot O, lying lietween lots 104 and
 105 of said plat; it bring the East half of the same
 lot, formerly owned by Josiali Bissell, Junior, and
 conveyed to Eieazer Tillot*on, on the 21 st, dnv of
 March, 1827 Bee Monroe County Records, Liber
 Eight (8,) of Deeds, at page 471.
 Also, all that tra&lt; t or parcel of land, situate in the
 ('itv ol Rochester, County of Monroe, and State of
 New &lt;uk. 'iii wit, thirty-three fi et front on Glai
 g(»w street, and running buck to the rear the same
 w idth, intending to embrace the West half, of all tliat
 certain lot of land in that part of lot fifty-four (54.)
 in Township No. one, of the Short Range, known as
 the Caledonia Plat, on which the land herein intend
 ed to be granted, is distinguished as lot O, lying
 tween lot 10| and 103 fd said l’Lit it being too
 West half of the ftarnc lot, formerly owned bv Josiah
 Bisscll, Junior, and conveyed to Kleazer TillorwAt,
 oa the 21-t day of March, 1*27. See Monroe Coun
 ty Record*, Liber (eight (8,) as supposed) of Deed*,
 at page 471.
 And, Whereas, default has lieen nta&lt;le in the pay
 ment of the money* secured by «aid M iftgage. and
 which are claimed to amount at the time of tlu- first
 puldieation of this notice, to three hundred and two
 dollars (r 302 00.) Now, therefore, notice is iiercbi
 given, that by virtue of a [tower of sale contained i’j
 die said Mortgage, are! in purtnance of the Statute*
 in such case, maile and provided* tin: above deacrib
 ed Mortgagedpremise#, will 1% sold at public auction
 or vendue at the Court iloti.se, in the City of Roches
 ter, on the twelfth day of June, next, at one o’clock
 in the afternoon of tliat day.
 GF.KRIT SMITH, Mortgagee.
 NEIL HUNTINGTON, ArtV
 Peteruoho, March6,lB4B. r.lO,
A FARM FOR SALK.
 FARM containing iM&gt; acres, nitwit in Chili,
 A 3} miles from dre A est line of the City ofliuch
 ester, (late residence of John D. Gurney.) soilgood,
 price low, term* reasonable, ami title mdbpaiihlr.
 It wdl soki togetheror divided tomtit purchaser*.
 I H not soil it will be rented from the I*l of Apiil
 next. For furthe r part ie 1 its rs enquire of
 BENJAMIN FISH.
 W est North Struct, Rochester.
 Feb. 23, 1848. tf.
 UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES^
 T 'HE Bubacnbers are manulartaring that uivaht |,l
 A Cooking Stove, designed for Coal or V,,’*]
 W’STMtxi to exeel any other stove ever Evented"
 and con«4rw teti strictly upon pkibsopltics* principles!
 Tlie Oven heated by hot air, (the oul- i*, t m B
 ever patented,) and warranted to a w&lt; qj
 any hrvk o«&lt;*. FtC ask otiK A fly undersigned,
 wiwdcwak ami retail, 34, Each Bneet.
 II. Bt'Sll *Jt CO.
 F»ST AND WICUS, Dealer. hi Drugs, Medi
 cine#, t [h, S’tufli, Paint*, Vara«*h,
 Oil#,GUm ware, Brushes,'l’ertuioerv, Dagnerronljpe
 Stock, Freu.a atsl Genoa.l i lumkais. Artisto*
 Colors, Br indies and Canvass, Esh etml Od, Gobi
 Leaf sue’ Foil, Jtr. Jcr.
 Dei ob Agents Car moat of the eelrfjtateil Family
 and valoaii: PaU.t M«iuwse*. md receiving the
 directly Irtau the their A Beats,
 they are enabled to mpfh «dera at whoVsalu
 tana retail,«»the asu#* mvoraWe terms.
 I liouesmuutlur jEkok#, M«dteim*i, sod FhmJly
 Cases, wu* M tiiwetKai*. Only agrttis far West.
 1 era New Fork*
 Al«. Shensaod’s Vibratory Magnetic Markins#,
 with directions.
 fNy “vi Etheriai Oil and Lama*, Cm
 tte Mißf. Tbmv who woat4 tttmjk
 amwy ami eawvtmiaan* are invite*! to exannne theft
 Lamp*. The lUtatMa tf Co wry Ntrrkamt, Dt
 ttriaas, Families, and others. WHtiiiM fftaads m 4m
 fine, t* rsqoesead m the APOTHECA93E9
 HALL, 4, Exchaufa Street.
OWEN MORRIS' CUT BINBERT,
 IBPIR T«f W***l&gt;** —fate H'Hlf. It
 MR. MORRIS mi in Ilw «-whirry of Mr. Marco*
 Mnrsr frw imm \r*rt, and dwrinf flat lim
 procured far kua ihw Bilw K-r ib boat
 lincimn* of Hnok Binding, nk ttio! at Um
 chanter’ Ksirr boll) in thr* cut anti BrfjtWi.
 iUcotboicn'* fifccane* fatted up and trjairtrl
 Murk Taper ruled; Murk and I’etiodkais i-ownd
 b 4 ftaiUml to may pattern, Ebnk Acnwl B«li
 r**tn*ni at thu&gt; siaUs.dunenf bate riven unequalled
 MtiffatU, l»y thtk thudUlify and eWgsnr*. Strict
 •mmrk* ts afstay* pail to the rpiaNtv of j«*par
 to ermfar tlw ai rtnod tv toe beat «a tb* l m*wl Statu*
 or that Kfuttei
 L*.iks* Scrap an I Cvard 1%. ok*. “A T err* and
 PoftbiKoa, In all tl**ir taiirtirr, tuauuiatlured to
 i on lee the kd *tySr,
 Banks, ln»t&lt;t«t*. n«,,- Societies, lie,, may* W
 wf a ork hr inf Jour on the wort adt antafaoM
 terwir.
 Gcnilrrura rr tiding at a distance, hy racking u-d
 Smardtij volume* to the above direction*. Muting
 price an.l styk,May rrK i p&gt;m their U.wg well Lowiu
 The ttwil htunsblr terms, ib&gt; eatcfbHy and
 pmtHUlfl retnrtre I,
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no e\pms* ta
 fiftiif up the r»r..bh,h«urrt, and intro, firing ir*o
 WVilrm New Yvth the hk.it M*|Nrot«*b*nt* ta
 Booh Butdirf.
 owr.\ MORRIS,
 City Bindety, under tint Museum.
ROSTOV ADI LRTI SOI RATS.
CLAKK S O N,
 LONDON FOrriON—M ITH PORTRAIT.
 FEU copies of fI.ARKSON’S HISTORY
 lY OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAV
 I’lUhE, with prefatory reuarkt on the n* soqnaet
 aUdition of Stum a leautiful UadiM v'iimi,
 n tfh a tine Portrait ot tlv A tit hoc,»!,. m- ,&gt;n ,tr I,—„
 U«;k wiii.h r.-ukl not lie impelled far ks* tbair thr««
 doltus, can he hud at 21, Cot nil ill, if applied for
 immediately, a! tin- ver-v low pi kt of Ov r l»o|.L*it,
 rash. A fai., El LOt.ll M ON CLARKSON, hy
 Ale a !»i&gt;i ni.hi u a l 11, at lU reduced piica at
 twelve and a half cent*.
Robert morris, jh„ Am ■met and ouu.
 seller at law, Brazil's Bulking, State-Suvet.
 TOS! 11l 11. Tt KPI.N mm Id invite the ntfrnt io*
 of his friends atwl the puMic to hi* I&gt;AGI EK-
 I.IAN GALLERY i Av. ISS, /luHC’itr I'tifW, übiui
 lie pledges himself to execute Miitiatuics with a nJ«-
 like tmi.di. and cn a* model ate terms as an« «tb«ia
 i llic prufa-ssiou.
 M.Vt ON B. ALI.EN, At tome. and CumuMUcr
 at Law, Massachusetts ltioek.
now CLOTIIIXG.
 OAMI El, W ll,sO\, 11, Biattie Street, hatiag
 [O made remit additions to his ck, is prepared to
 furnish BOV S’ C LoTHING, of as rood uintciisl
 and tit. and at as cheap prices, as can U- obtained ia
 the city.
 ENG I,AND .SECOND II\ND
 CLOTHING STOIIE,
 iNu. 56, I stiox Sntt rT, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps r.instantly on hand a
 gi’-iit variety ui New and Sitoiml Ilnnrl Clothinr.
 toHhN &lt;&gt;t ail kinds, s.irli as ..Id cloth s, I. g 0,,.!,,
 att.hes, Boots and Sh.ics, exelumgetl t.-r ne»r
 clothtnf. Cash advanee.i i.« H |l kinds of e. ods,
 tvom one to one humlned dollars.
 JOHN I&gt;. KE\Al.i:oN, Hair Cmiiuf Balaon,
 O and I t rlumci v Eni| oritim, 11J, Blsu kstoua-st.
SEW 10KK Al&gt;l ERTISEiMEVTS.
 PH.l,|| A. Willi 1,, Ihug.jist, corner of K tank
 l»i t and Gold Street.
 W LOWELL, Sailor* Hem# Cl
 the try Street.
 ]Y M’CLNE SMITH, 93, \V e *t Bnwd
 wav.
 T Suigeou-Hentist, 1a.3, N or il»
 iMoicfluav.
 V\ M. If. TOPP, Men Imnj Tailor, 516 Broad,
 c. i" so a ,:xu "»&lt;rc assot tuamt of Cravat*.
 Storks, llosiiy, (ilover, c
 Albany, Fd&gt;. 11, LS-W.
 GENTEEL ItOAKDING JlOl SE.
 JIHAKLES HIGHGATE, would re.pectfully in-
 V ,n" h,s x oor and tile public, that be eontinuv*
 to i ev.it.l every attention to those pleased th fa» or
 l&gt;u Hitli a c-aM. The house is pleasantly
 located at CS2 Broadway, Albany. 7
 Feh. 18, 1818.
 Sal.Mii), limy liotUM.*, Troy, New York.
.\OI{TfIAMJTf)N T WATER CURE
 r r ,IF: gnitcf.dk »ppreriali„ the Wit
 1 I**'«T"«eU uwnnlcd by a d.v erning üblic u&gt; la
 mii-CM. a. a J lydiupatlm Frm titinwr, would u».
 ,‘l y ,f I lydi.i, .i l l,y, tliat hi*
 establishment w Icasanlly situuled near Hcmmrivill*.
 on the «,,t bank of the Licking Water, or Mill
 r'Vt' t *V ar a ,lul the cwiitiu
 o the t0i1,,. It,* thirty-six hy verity feet. line.
 Stoi I»i high, with a piazza on tiir south si c Tlmru
 are eef m ate parlors, Imihi.ig amt dressing rooms, foe
 M,. s and gentlemen. Ila ic areal.u twe.itv iftnin*
 rooms, earl, of which will ventilated ind eou
 vcnieutly Itirmdied t„ r H at e-mtuo.’tifmn of tvs*
 ,m;i*ou&gt;. Among the variety of baths in tItJ
 blml«me&gt;.rt are the plunge, douche, .Irenehe, ami
 three 1 is six by ton feet,
 lue and a halt dec, the geatl,■men's, right by
 we ve, three and a half ileep. 'J krn mo also U*
 old (loiieiies,one of which is situated a uhle.aari (La
 ot.Ki kill a unit* from the estoiilishuimt. The for Mr
 has a lull ot twenty-two feet, tin* latter eighteen.
 Ine scenery a, tins vicinity i* picture*,,* ami
 romautie. There arc a variety nf pleasant walk#
 o"° nrJ r spring* ot pun- water, 'l l
 walk* are sulliciently retired to allow wafer-cur.
 patients to appear ft* tiny sh aid, p'ai„ly dreed,
 .M.|.vmg time iambi,*, viitlnml Is-irg ex,H,«*.l I#
 pub g.,ze ot oUcrvaho,,. Bint, dam cx,tci ice.,
 tor Ihe lu.t thru* years, l,a* sfrengThem d Id* opinion,
 that the condition of tin- skm ciearlv imlieai, it,#
 harm ter o many dim um s, am! tin- uL,t,iy or mat,lay
 of an Invalid to hear the water treatment in its
 nuioe* torina; also the nree.**itv of a n P,ing tb.
 drv woollen blanket, or liu- wet'theef, ,oVromof#
 evaporation or a sweat, when ctlu-r may lie neecs*
 sari and from results which !iaw- atumksl hi* aculi
 °r ~K treatment, h- hr-itut, «n.r 1 4 v. tluit
 th *-,Ucinc syngrtmo ot Urn skin indicate* utJiituor
 prnxrr, am. that an invalid, iiiio*. *ku, j s ,j„ t 4 tU iid«d
 w.d, Ho* svmpt .m, CHonot W -afelv or surt.Msfull#
 triated with water. Among tin- complaint* which
 l- 111 -v'7 lU ‘i p'" im, ,,l *«v afTectiou,
 iver rotnt, I„N, j-utrul.ee, acute- or chioinc intbm-
 V' l N -’yspepr a, gemrald#-
 bdity nervoti* and rpiiml aftes-thm*, iutlammatf##
 or rdMromc rlieuimawm, wMiralgia, scratn*, l*n«
 1 P* r i -k tliecm, eerofukut* *aU
 erysij;* b»s hntnors.
 Ail patient* wh., lhi »*,-hr,*!,merit for a
 eon.se ,A treatnwn, *lmuld fonuAt IheimwJ-,,, with
 three romtortabW, thfcc wooiio:- I.U.ltot* j K t n
 and three Colton slae-t*, fwo pillow ra-, *iTc,Tifl
 towel sonic well wt,nj hnen, to r n f„ r
 an old cloax or manta ,a*l *vtinge
 Terms fi r realm ut and f., c -o.
 week,for tiuuw who occurv rt* **l° f
 ih.. 1;. 1 T V iJ third llooi
 on tri* I.4st ami wissaid f&gt;
 p-L'JL:
 'i c 8 36 per week. In,slid*
 i .1,, r r‘ tl »xt,a tMWmtioa and fit#
 r /O#.*, (except for swsthi,!# DuipoMr*,) will
 proemr their own sum mA feel, or tav an svira
 fHice x
 D. RUCGLEO.
 N rfAarnpttn, A T 847.
 N.B. The iflllefel, dee,Vof« of bring exatnintd fit
 regard to their iof., and of ertair.og th#
 ikdaptedoe*, v f ii«e water-ewre in tin ir particular
 ease, should csdi on Tuesdays and Fridays.'
 I ins instrument may U übtoined at the esta-
 Uishmcnt.
 y-lIUASt B- De.hr m
 Z ifJr Shot hirer** New
 W B. L. km corftanrtv on W' a grasd assert*
 JJy 7“ cfcB *P U 9trv t arrenlam
 Savis? wk Fw|w» ami
 W A*•! lNGTot’s Daganrtan G'zUcev, 199*
 IILJIuZj lUrMorn,
 TUE DELAWARE ABOI. II fuNI.VT.
 A l^lr »ft»« w*9 t» pubfutiieH hi
 /X W thmmpoo, by the Lh iawtoe Afti-Bhivwv
 Sk«cis*y\ It wifi h# edhevf by •U. mmitice, and
 «e t uhiistM &lt;i o. a half awstiam «href, zt twenry-fiva
 r#»t» p« year, or Cor twenty four i##n)#rs, |t »,)t j
 ftvotml to ruuufripaik-a m Delaware, *ad will ad
 vwate in am mplhiWiH by ail lawfu)
 y 1* •“•••kly, if aaeans us aj&gt;
 fmdtd, or aa afl«a a* the me aw raa he -H*in.d
 JAMES 11 BklHt^r
 l*ublt#hing ifat.
