Case of W. L. ChaipUa.
 Chaplin Boded in Washing ton, hot Impris
 oned m Maryland—Full account of th
 whole process—a cojty of the Washington
 Bond showing the working of Slavery No
 ttonally.— The feelsng in the Maryland-
 Prespect of bail Jurmfter, c\c. dfc.
 Rockville Montgomery Co., Md.,
 Saturday, Sept. 12.
 My dispatches by telegraph will bare in
 formed you of the f» ct of W. L. Chaplu
 having been admitted to bail i» Washington
 on the charge of aidii tg the escape of th&lt;
 slaves of Messrs. Ti wrabs and Stephens.
 The moment the h. jariog was terminate*
 there, I piocured a c« nveyanee to this plac&lt;
 in company with Dar del Ratcliffe, Esq., ol
 Washington, and Asa Childs, Esq., of youi
 City, counsel, and D. James C. Jackson, ol
 the Glen haven Water Cure, E. S. Gilbert,
 of Honeyove, who ha ve have on to befriend
 Mr. Chaplin, with set eral other gentleman
 friendly disposed. I had no time to write,
 and was requested not to telepraph anything
 until the result was kn own heie, for fear of
 embarrassment or cir cumvention. After a
 restless night of great sufiering from neural
 gia on my face, 1 an i scarcely capable of
 getting up a letter this morning; but I will
 attempt a report of iht particulars of this in
 tensely interesting case beginning at the be
 ginning of the raoveme nt for release by bail.
 “Arrangements ha' (ring been previously
 made, through John 1 Jrewer, Esq., of this
 place, for the release c &gt;f Mr. Chaplin on bail
 of 1,000, and math jrs being deemed all
 ready here, the prison er was brought before
 Judge Ciench, of th&lt; t Circuit Court of the
 District of Columbia, o n Wednesday, Messrs
 William Blanchard, o f the well know firm of
 Buel Blanchatd, pt inter, and Selby Park
 er, a respectable met rchant and a worthy
 citizen, who has given mauy proofs of a gen
 erous heart, were off® .ed as bail in 3,000
 each. The question of “sufficiency” was
 raised, by the District Attorney, Philip P.
 Fendall. The Judge thereupon postponed
 the rnauer till 10 o’clo ek on Thursday, with
 the understanding that proofs of the alleged
 “insufficiency,” wonld be presented at that
 time. The| parties re- assembled,(according
 ly, after about an he &gt;ur an a hrlfa delay,
 proposed to offer an a dditional bailor, in the
 person of David A. Hi ill, a lawyer of wealth,
 as well as tespectsbili ty, and pretty widely
 known as an extensiv e Claim Agent. But
 the Marshall of the D istrict, (Richard Wal
 lack, Esq., of whose singular interference
 on the pro-s'avery aid e, I may take occasion
 to speak particularly fc iereafter,) still insisted
 on questioning on oat] i. Finally, the follow
 ing recognisance wai i presented, duplicate,
 by Jostph H. Bradley Esq., of Counsel for
 Chaplin. 1 send a ct ipy io give an idea of
 the machinery of our black laws:
 “United States of America, District of
 Columbia, to wit:—E e it remembeted, That
 on ibe nineteenth da vof September, in the
 year of our Lord, ore thousand eight hun
 dred and fifty, before ime William Craneh,
 Chief Judge of the Ci.rcuit Court of the Dis
 trict of Columbia, pet sonally appealed Wil
 liam L. Chaplin, Wf tliam Blanchard, Selby
 Parker, and David iV. Hall, and severally
 acknowledged ihemw -Ives to owe the United
 States of America, that is say, the said
 William L. Chaplin., in the sum of three
 thousand dollars, ant 1 the said William Blan
 chard, Se'by Parketr, and David A. Hall, in
 the sum of one thousand dollars each, to be
 respectively levied of their bodies, goods and
 chattels, land and tenements, to, and for the
 *us&lt;* t&gt;f the said United States, if the said
 William L. Chaplin shall make default in the
 performance of the condition.
 The condition otf the above recognizance
 is such. That ff th« above named William L.
 Chaplin shall peiso nally appear in the Crimi
 nal Court of the lhairict of Columbia, next
 to be holden in ant! for the county of Wash
 ington, in the said .District, on the First Mon
 day of December n ext, then and there to
 answer to the said lUnited States of and con
 cerning the larceny of slave, the property
 of Alexander A. Stevens, with the suspicion
 whereof he, the sa id William L. Chaplin
 stands charged, and to do and receive what
 shall, by the said oourt, be then and there
 •enjoined him, and sh all not depart the said
 coin without license then the above written
 jecognizance shall l&gt;e void, otheiwise shall
 reartata in full force l.nd virtue.
 W. L. CHAPIN,
 WM. BLANCHARD;
 SB:LBY PARKER,
 D. A. Hall.
 Acknowledged before me, Sic.
 To this Mr. objected, (the Mar
 shal still pron on,he r nd thal Jid
 not bind the so. w ‘W** _
 Mr. Bradley co t ,a t 1 he had
 the usual fonu. M claimed to in
 troduce witnesses to ns officiency
 of the bail, unless Mr. could be bound
 for the entire amount. (sL~ thousand dollars
 —three for Stemphens's ar dt. f orT« o nbs s
 Slaves,) bv the introduction C* Ihe phrases
 aforesaid. He threw out, as Mr. Bi*edfov
 understood him, an unputation that he h*d
 aned unfairly in drawing up the recog
 nizance, winch called forth a s barj.' resent
 ment. An explanation followed, and the in-'
 vi at gallon was about to proceed, when Mr.
 Hall generously interposed, with an expres
 sion of his readiness to have the detired
 changes, however unusual—anal it was un
 usual—but then Chaplin had “-stolen” that
 “peculiar” species ot “ptopeny” whose
 “owners” always insist on corresponding
 erra guards and guarantees! —The desired
 phrase was then added, the bond was ao
 cepted, and the prisoner, who had remained
 a silent and wonderfully composed spectator,
 was delivered into the custody of Capt. God
 dard and nflicei Handy, the latter of whom
 held the requisition of Gov. Thomas. So
 soon aa Judge Craneh’s “return” and the
 necessa.ry conveyances could be gotten ready,
 the calracade proceeded to this place. The
 counsel and friends of Mr. Chaplin preceded
 ed the custodians of the law, with the prison
 er, by at least two hours. They evidently
 “tot k theiT tiijie,” the Teason of which will
 probably appear hereafter.
 When 1 arrived at this place, 1 found the
 resident Counsel of Mr.Cbaplin, (Mr. Brew
 er) and Mr. Child, Dr. Jackson, and others
 in a state »r sad discouragement, and soon
 leirned that the Magistrate who had agreeed
 to lake bail on the charge of “assault anti
 battery with intent to kill,” had been over
 awed by the popular feeling (which had risen
 high during the unfortunate delay in Wash
 ington,) and ttad not only retreated from his
 agreement as to inception and amount, (f 1-
 000) but even refused to designate any high
 ei sum, or to confer on the subect at all.
 But, beside the bailor, with whom the
 arrangement had been made, and to whom a
 check foi the money had been given, re
 canted, upon the warning of his father that
 his business, as a merchant, would be ruined.
 Thus stood the case when 1 arrived here.
 A good deal of delay taking place, after
 the arrival of the prisoner, I inquired the
 cause, but could learn nothing except sur
 mises. The delay was explained finally, (it
 being now dark) by the arrival of Hon. Rich
 ard J. Bowie, present Representative in Con
 gress from this District, who voluntarily
 left his post, and the business of the Nation,
 to look after the interests of Slavery. Ac
 cording to hit own statement be was an ex
 proatcsjting Attorney, and entered into this
 case without authority. He was joined by
 Wut. H. Tuck, Esq., ol Prince George's
 County, who, it is understood, is to be his
 sueoessot in business. Mr. Tuck also stated,
 in open Court, that he had “voluntered” at
 the request ot several respectable eitkens.
 The hearing now was proceeded with be
 fore three Justices of the Peace, Messr.
 Adamson, Spests and Braddock, who hold
 office by appoiniiuentof Gov. Thomas, and
 are all young men—young in appointment as
 well as young in yea,., aa it struck me, and
 therefore lacking that self-reliance tndtapen
 •abte for such a case in. ,j„, holding Com
 munity. Messrs. Goddard, Handy, Smitbit
 igd Bulls ware examined by Messrs. Bowie
aod Tack, to prove an a»sauh with intent i
 kill, and to show that the offence did not a]
 low of jurisdiction below that of a Courtc
 Record, meaning a Jodge’a Court in eiihe
 trial or determination of bail. en
 cited by Mum. Bowie whl Tiick, an&lt;
 apeecnes made in illustration of thia position
 In the course of a speech by the latter. In
 took ooesatoo to make an appeal to the Inca
 prejudice, which waa not only in bad taste
 but ungenerous in the extreme, aa I shouh
 have charged, bad he not disclaimed any uii
 fairness, after an interruption by long am
 loud applause from the Pro-Slavery crowd
 And here I will take occasion to say that, ir
 thia aod another instance, Mr. Bowie die
 himself great credit by rebuking the roobo
 cratic spirit thus manifested, as well as hii
 whole bearing in the case. But to proceed.
 The counsel lor Mr. Chaplin (who sat calm
 and resigned, as become him, though rudely
 gaxed upon as a “criminal,”) severally cited
 points of law, and replied lo the opposition,
 to show that the case here should be separat
 ed entirely from the charge of abduction in
 Washington; that the officers who arrested
 Mr. Chaplin had no official authority, by theii
 own statements, to do so, even in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, much less in this State;
 aiid that the assault, if proved, would not b-;
 of that aggravated character which attaches
 to resistance of officers of the law in the dis
 charge of their duty, as contended on the
 other aide; and that the offence charged here
 was only a misdemeanor, and not a felony at
 common law—was bailable, therefore, by the
 Justices of the Peace. Mr. Chaplm’s counsel
 seted with firmness and decision, hut ihe\
 had neglected to fortify themselves sufficient
 ly with authorities—probably because not
 foreseeing the difficulties that would be
 thrown in the way. Indeed, there seemed U&gt;
 be a lack of books all round—the principal
 authority appealed to being BJackatone, or
 the iin potted Common Law of England, as
 quoted in Latrobe’a Practice, a work intended
 specially for the guidance of justices of the
 Peace. Becoming considerably puzzled by
 the position of the prisoner's counsel, Mr.
 Bowie asked s postponement until this morn
 ing st 8 o'clock. Finally, notwithstanding
 the embarrassing circumstances sunoundiug
 Mr. Chaplin and his counsel, as well as his
 outside fttends, the Court so ordered.
 Mr. Chaplin was then conveyed to the
 jail, in spite of an application to the comraty,
 and therein (and a miserable apology for a
 priso iit is passed what must have been an
 anxious night, indeed! However, it was
 perhaps the safest for him, after all—
 no thanks to the feeling which forced him to
 accept it. The testimony of the witnesses
 and the arguments of couusel had prolonged
 the session until about 11 o’clock last night.
 A crowd followed to the prison door, but
 were excluded by the creaking door. I say
 ‘creaking,’ because there was but one prison
 er in it, who is in for five hundred dollars fine
 and three years for the ‘crime,’ as is charged,
 of seeking help for Fugitive Slaves, He is
 a German and waa drunk at the time a con
 versation thus constructed was held with
 some informant.
 The excitement of the Court scene had
 exhausted the steam of the outsiders in same
 degree, and when 1 retired, at 12, I left the
 villagers, save here and there a siraggler,
 sleeping quietly.
 This fnorning before the appointed hour
 for the assembling of the Court, (8 o’clock,)
 the counsel for Mr Chaplion conferred to
 gether, and came to the conclusion that the
 chances were altogether against success.
 They could not get the amount of bjtl pre
 determined, and the chances were that if the
 outside pressuie would allow of success, the
 amount would not only be fixed too high for
 those friendly Marylanders on hand, but thai
 their sufficiency also would be questioned,
 and thus only additional excitement be pro
 duced.—Hence they withdrew their applica
 tion for hail for the present. Mr. Chapfin, of
 course, now stood full committed on the as
 sault and battery charge. His counsel and
 friends saw him safe ia prison, made arrange
 ments with the Sheriff (Mr. Thompson) and
 the Jailor, who seemed kindly disposed, for
 his bodily comfort and his intellectual wains,
 and took their departure for Washington,
 where Messrs. Child, Jackson and Gilbert
 will take the evening cars Northward, to
 make mote complete arrangements for bail,
 nr final trial, if the application before some
 Judge should fail. It is their intention, 1
 learn to renew their efforts in a week or ten
 days, by winch time ihe excitement at this
 place will have subsided.
 The excitement here has been great, as
 Viur conespondent (Mrrylander though he
 be,) had abundant reason to know this morn
 ing—the appearance being too evident, at
 one lime, that a party headed by a young
 man who gave his name as John A. T. KiW
 gore, contemplating making him the scape
 goat of the occasion, by the perpetration of
 that personal violence to the threatening of
 which he is by no means a stranger, on ac
 count of the assertion of principles for which
 It is his glory to be assailed, if a- eailment
 it ust come, be the peril what it may.— N. Y.
 'rrihtmp
American Missionary Association.
 The Fourth Annual Meeting of this Soci
 -»aa held in this city on the 24th and 25th
 the State-Street Congregational
 Ph, "’u tr on William Jackson, of Mass.,
 presiding. The* attendant, though not large
 was highly respect* bol h "“‘V I*™ 1 a,ld
 persona. The alter.** 08 of the 24,h w
 copied, chiefly tn hea,. •-•«emeni of the
 Receipts and 8 lbe nnua
 Report ol the Executive Co.^ o,,M a P*
 peared by the abstract read by ,e reasorer,
 Lewis TAPFAN.that the receipte th’« past year
 exceeded the receipts of the pievio'U* year.
 $3,100: the aggiegate being $26,159
 and that the sum has been wholly expended
 in sustaining the different missions, in sus
 taining the monthly paper, in compensation
 to agentSjthe Secretary, the office, die. The
 balance unexpended being only $22.
 In the absence of the Corresponding Sec
 retary, occasioned by recen* severe illness,
 the Annual Report, the reading of which oc
 cupied the close attention of the meeting for
 two hours was read by Mr. Tsppan. It ap
 pears that the number of Foreign Miss ons
 now under the cate of the A. M. A. ia five;
 the number of stations ten; the number of or
 dained missionaries twelve; male assistants
 eleven: female assistants twenty; number of
 laborers sent out from this country forty-thiee;
 number appointed last year ten; number of
 missionaries under appointment seven; whole
 number employed in the foreign fit-id, oi
 about to go there, fifty one; aird the whole
 number of churches gathered nine. One mis
 sionary has died the past year, Mrs. Brooks,
 in Africa.—Missions are established :it Kaw-
 Mendi, Africa; Bangkok, Siam: Sand wich
 Islands; Jamaica; and among the Ojibue In
 dians at Cass and Winnepek Lakes.
 Twenty-three missionaries have been sus
 tained in whole or part in the Home fi.tld the
 past year, vix: In Ohio, Wisconsin, IMinoie,
 lowa, Michigan, Kentucky, and New York,
 and one missionary to the colored population
 of the city of New York. A missionary is
 now on his way to New Mexico. Two col
 porteurs have been employed in Kentucky,
 alternately, to distribute the Bible to the
 Slaves. Encouraging statements were made
 respecting the good effected both in the for
 eign and Horae fields; the churches formed;
 the souls converted; the number of children in
 Sabbath Schools, Sic.
 In the evening the Annual Sermon was
 preached by Rev. C. B. Boynton, of Cincin
 nati!, in the First Bapliat Church, where s
 !*rg* audience appeared to be much gratified.
 be n xt was Mat. 10th ehap. 34th verse—
 •‘Think not that I am come to send peace on
 earth:] come not to aend peace,but a sword.”'
 In introducing hit subject,Mr. B remarked,
 that If a system of government or morala real
 ly ex presaive of the character of God, ia in
 troduced into thia world—a world which is
 i be theatre of conflict between God and Sa
 tan—while true harmooy will be the final,
 agitation and war nut be the tmnwkait re
0 suit. This he ooow&lt;lf»r«d the meaning of the
 ie4t- Itt-enfoWing the idee which he had
 f the* evolved, he proceeded by a coarse* of
 r forcible argumentation, to show, Ist. That
 whenever, in the past, a religion truly re
 j fleeting the Divine character has been preach
 «d. commotion and conflict have been the
 most striking, and moral conquest and peace,
 I though the ultimate, only the subsequent and
 often the least obvious, results. The exam-
 I pies and the preaching of the prophets, of
 Christ, of the apostles and of .primitive Chris-
 I Uaa Ministers, established this point.—9d
 i That whenevet an impure Gospel, one fail
 ing to express the Divine character in ail res-
 I pecta, to oppose ait sin and maintain all right
 eousness, has been declared, an amnesty from
 violent hostilities has been the apparent, but
 defeat the actual result. The histories of the
 preaching of the Jesuits, of the efforts of a
 time-serving church, since the Reformation,
 and of the operations of Missionary Societies
 which have hesitated to rebuke such eina as
 Slavery, polygamy and caste, proved this po
 sition.
 In applying his subject, the gentleman
 showed that this, though a period rife with
 lime serving religion and temporising reli
 f'ious instrumentalities, is yet a time eminent
 y fit for the propagation of an uncompromi
 sing Gospel, and that the present, though
 stormy, is seed time for a glorious future.
 The speaker considered the principles of
 the society he was addressing, truthful expo
 nents of the'Divine character, and its plans
 just representatives of the true Gospel meth
 od. In conclusion, he exhorted his brethren
 of the society to maintain their organization,
 because both of its principles and of its adap
 tation to the necessilies of the times, assuring
 them that to be steadfast was to succeed.
 On Wednesday, the associations held two
 sessions in the State Street Chuich, when a
 set of Resolutions, presented by the commit
 tee to whom the Report was committed, were
 read and dt-cussed, These resolutions ac
 knowledged the continued smiles of the Head
 of the church upon the association and its
 missionaries: alluded to its permanent char
 acter, and declared that in similar principles is
 die life and prosperity of all missionary ef
 forts; that the missionary cause is not advan
 cing relatively with the wealth, intelligence
 and commercial enterprize of the nation; that
 more pecuniary means are wanted, and yet,
 without an application of the principles of the
 Gospel in ail their fulness, no amount of
 means and no number of missionaries will be
 of any value; that there must be moie prayer,
 self denial, non-conformity to ihe world, and
 a greater regaid to the law of God before the
 world will be converted; that there is a high
 er law than human enactments, and that no
 man is at liberty to obey laws that contravene
 God’s laws; that our sympathies are due to
 those who hazard their liberty oi lives in
 obeying God and showing meicy to the poor;
 uid that the Christianity of this nation is about
 10 be tested in view of the recent act of Con
 gress for making the whole free Siktes a
 hunting ground for fugitive slaves, equally
 opposed to the Constitution of the country
 and the law of the living God.
 The resolutions were adopted with greai
 unanimity—officers fur the new year were
 chosen—and the meeting was closed with sol- 1
 emn prayer to the God of missions.
 In the evening a public meeting was held 1
 in the First Baptist church, wheie, after
 prayer by Rev. S. W. Streeter, an attentive
 audience listened for nearly three hours to
 addresses by Mr Bardwell, geneial agent of
 die Ojibue mission, Mr. Telft, who is about
 lo join the Mendi mission, Messrs. Boynton,
 Goodell and Miner. The meeting was closed 1
 by singing the Missionary Hymn and ihe 1
 Benediction. The most delightful harmony
 prevailed throughout all the meetings, the
 principles of the association were amply dis
 cussed, and a spirit of brotherly love and of
 faith in the lord Jesus Christ seemed to fill
 all heaits: and a most marked determination
 to sustain this organization established as the
 uncompromising opponent to all “organic”
 and other sins, was manifested.
 The Chaplin Case.
 The Republic furnishes the following intelli
 gence respeciing Mr. Chaplin:
 “A writ of habeas corpus wa9on Wednes
 day issued by his honor Judge Cranch, Chiel
 Justice of ihe Circuit Court for the District i
 of Columbia, on the application of the coun
 sel of this person, and he was yesterday
 morning brought befoie Judge, C who re
 quired bail in the amount of $6,000 for his
 appearance at the fall term of ihe Criminal
 Court. The counsel retained by the accused
 we understood to be J. H. Bradley, Daniel
 Ratcliff, aud Walter Jones, Esq.; but only
 Messrs. Bradley and Katcliffe appeared for
 him on this occasion. Tne United States
 was represented by ihe District Attorney, P.
 R. Fendal], Esq. Asa Childt, Esq., of the
 city of New York, who is understood to have
 come to Washington at the instance of cer
 tain friends of the prisoner, was also present.
 A band for the requisite amount of bail being
 entered into jointly and severally, by General
 Chaplin, David A. Hall, Selby Parker, and
 William B ai.chard, the first named was dis
 charged from the custody of the jailor of
 Washington county, but held upon a warrant
 issued by viitue pf the requisition of the
 Governor of Man land, in compliance with
 which he was in the afternoun conveyed to
 Rockville by officer Goddard and Handy.”
 “As we stated yesterday, Mr. Chaplin was
 conveyed to Rrekville on Thursday evening
 Soon after his arrival there, he was taken
 before Squires Adamson. Spates, and Brad
 dock. Here D. Ratcliff, J. Brev tr, and
 Asa Childs, Esq’s, appeared in his defence;
 and the Hon. R. J. Bowie and J. H. Tuck,
 Esq’s., for the prosecution. The number of
 persons assembled at the court-houee waß
 unusually Inrge.
 “Mi- Bowie remarked that he had tendered
 his resignation of the office of Attorney for
 ijie Commonwealth, but that it had not been
 accepted; and he felt it to be his duty lo
 comply with the call made upon him to attend
 in the present case.
 “Mr, Tuck stated that he was not a vol
 unteer, but had been engaged by citizens of
 Montgomery to appear for the prosecution.
 He declared at some length upon the enormi
 ty of ihe offence attempted by the accused.
 ]n the midst of his speech he was vehement
 ly applauded. Mr. Bowie rebuked this ap
 plause. Mr. Tack expressed his regret for
 it. The magistrates commanded silence,
 and ordered the arrest of any person offend
 ing in thiswise. The applause was, however,
 subsequent tepeated. We mention this as
 showing the excited feelings of the people.
 “There was some argument between the
 counsel relative to the power of magistrates
 to accept bail lor the prisoner’s appearance,
 it being contended by ihe prosecution that a
 court of record alone was competent.
 “The case was finally adjourned till yester
 day morning, when, upon the reassembling
 of the court, the counsel for the prisoner an
 nounced their determina ion to waive further
 resistance for the present, and the accused
 was accordingly committed to prison to await
 his tnl upon the charge of a murderous as
 sault.
 “It may, perhaps, be well to explain, that
 the charge is based upon the defence or as
 sault made by himself or the two slaves of
 Me.-sra. Toombs *nd Stephens, whom he
 was aiding to escape from slavery some weeks
 since, when the officers of police and others,
 who had followed him from this city, beyond
 the Mery land line, were about to arrest him
 and Ids party.*’ —National Era.
 IT~P French Journalist says of the Sable
 Prints Door..’. Mudame Martinez that she is
 a complete lypo of the beauty of her race.
 Her eyes have a soft And lustrous expression,
 and her pliability of features, postures, and
 movements, show capabilities for a commedian
 of a high order. Her voice has bnrsts ot
 delectable vivacity—mockery, gaiety, melan
 choly, succeeding each other with a delicacy
 of transition like the color* of I prism. Study
 sod culture seem to have modified, without
 removing, the exuberances of her native
 originality.
•w Slavery.
 Tbe Strangest speeches that have been
 made in Congress on tbe Southern side ol
 the Terntorisi question have been made bp
 those who claim that tbe rights of slavery
 or slaveholding are inherent is the Constitu
 tion, and a part of the fundamental law; and
 strange to say, that this principle baa been
 conceded in several instance* by Northern
 statesmen. This is a correct opimoh, or it
 ia incorrect, and a question that may yet have
 to be decided by the Supreme Court of thf
 United States. So far, it* decisions hare
 not reached this point, although, on incidental
 questions that have been decided, tbe opin
 ions of tbe Court appear to be of an opposite
 tendency.
 If it L trne, that under the operation ol
 the United States Constitution in the Territo
 ries of the United States and elsewhere, the
 right ol the slaveholder, in on* of the States,
 to bis slave on removal Ui the Territories, is
 equal to the clause in the Constitution which
 says, "No person shall be deprived of life,
 liberty, or property, without due process of
 law," then it follows; that slavery is a part
 of the fundamental law, and that State laws
 and S'ate Constitutions are equal in authority
 to the Constitution and the laws of the United
 Stages.
 1 hose that defend this doclriuce argue by
 implication that because, in a few instances
 and for particular reasons, the fundamental
 law was suspended m its operations by that
 very act, the fundamental law of liberty is
 destroyed, and* the right of a man to his
 liberty is no longer an inalinabte right, but
 must rest on some legal decision or court of
 record.
 Again let the advocates of this doctrine con
 sider; for, if it is true that slavery under the
 Constitution has equal rights with Freedom,
 under the fotce of Slate laws as well as by
 inherent right in said Constitution, it follows
 that the people of all the States are responsi
 ble fonts existence in any particular State.
 Our right to legislate on the subject be
 comes inherent in Congress under the Con
 stitution, and Congress may at any time
 abolish slavery throughout the States when
 ever the opponents of slavety have the
 power.
 The advocates for the fundamental law of
 freedom, in all places where the United States
 authority is exclusive, have never claimed to
 exercise it in the States. Then, by Consti
 tutional provisions, this fundamental law was
 juspended as respects those held to service
 er labor in such States according to the laws
 thereof, but slavery received no new powers
 jy this Constitution, nor had conceded to it
 «ny extra-territorial force, except as by law
 [&gt;rovided for the return of fugitives from labor,
 tut not any such law as that of P 93 either,
 )r Buch a substitute as the bill of Mr. Ma
 son proposes. That is not the pricj agreed
 They both lack the' constitutional prot
 rision—due process of law.
 As the fundamental law of liberty is no
 •uspended by constitutional provisions in the
 District of Columbia or in the Territories of
 he United States, therefore there is no legal
 vay wheieby slavey can have a legal exts
 ence under United States laws, nor can it be
 tllowed by any authority without a violation
 •1 canstitutional provisions.— National Era.
 Lindiana.
 The N. Y. Herald in giving an account of
 enny Lind's fourth concert, says,—
 the Sweedish melody, in which she imi
 ates the voice of the mountaineer calling his
 :attle, and then gives the mocking echoes of
 nountain—each more distant and faint—and
 o true to nature, that one can hardly believe
 le does not hear a real echo, is perphaps the
 greatest favorite with tbe majority of the au
 lience.—Her laugh in this gem is worth the
 irtce of admission. The dying away of the
 tcho in the distance, with which she con
 dudes this song, is perhaps the most beauti
 ul of all her peiformances. There is only
 *ne woman in the world who can sing the
 'fieldsman’s Song," and that is Jenny
 Lind.
 She never sung it so well as last night.
 —Mozart's aria of the "Queen of the night,"
 Trum the opeia of the "Magic Flute,”) be
 'inning with the words "Non paveutar,"
 las always been considered one of the most
 irduous task, for vocalists, reaching the limits
 &gt;f highest sos prano voice, F in alt. So
 lifficult is it that it is seldom or never sung
 it all, most of the allegro movement being
 ibove tbe lines. To the glorious Swede it
 s like a plaything—with such ease does she
 naster it—singing it throughout without al
 ering a single note, and with a fire and an
 &gt;nergy which show how thorouhgly she has
 ntered into the spirit of the great composer.
 The purity of tone, the beautiful vocaliza
 ion, the dazzling brilliancy, and the truthful
 j.xpression with which she executed the al
 egro, and that without any apparent effort,
 were fully appreciated by the audience, who
 sere thrown into a phrenzy of excitement,
 irid cheered with vehemence such as we have
 lever witnessed at a concert.
 The otcheslra stood aghast, the ladies
 waved their handkerchiefs, the gentlemen
 heir hats. A universal encoie brought her
 lack m repeat this masterpiece of genius and
 irl. The Nightingale, again carrolled her
 leavenly music and her success was il possi
 de, greater than before.—Duiing the wonder
 ul cadanzi, at the close, women turned pale
 with intense excitement, and men started to
 heir feet in the most frantic manner, while
 ithers might be heard exclaiming, "Oh,
 jod!” Her triumph was complete. Other
 lingers occasionally soar to these high notes,
 iui quickly descend from a region 100 pure
 or them. Jenny Lind is as much at home
 &gt;n the highest notes of her voice as the
 warbling skylark is in the heavens.
 Mr. Eliot and the Fugitive Slave
 Jill —Last Spring the Atlas published Ma
 ine's Bill. Mr. Eliot read it in his seat, in
 he House, and after he had done so, he cal
 ed the attention of a leading Whig to it.
 iie said that it was an infamous measure,
 md he did not think Mr. Webster meant to
 isy that he would support it, as it then stood.
 The Bill has now been passed, amended by
 naking il more stringent by imposing upon
 he officers gteaier obligations to be vigilant.
 Vir. Eliot not only voted for it, but he voted
 or the previous quest on upon it. This is
 he independent man Free Boilers were asked
 o vote for.
 Until the Atlas can rebuke Eliot, Duncan,
 Drinnel, Ashmun, and the men of Massa
 chusetts who have basely betrayed tbe cause
 jf liberty, we think it had better keep silence
 nn the slavery question. People can no
 longer be deluded and deceived. The mask
 is off; the Whigs stand revealed before the
 country, in all their baseness and tieachery.
 The history of the world is full of the records
 uf the violated pledges of men and parties,
 but among all we can scarcely find a parallel
 10 the stupendous treasons deceptions and
 falsehoods of the Whig party. Boston Re
 publican.
 The Peace Congress Trvihg its Hand.—
 The Schleswhig Holstein Parliament was to
 meet on the 10th, at Kiel, for the purpose of
 providing meant for carrying on the war dar
 ing the winter, if it should be necessary.
 Mr. Eiihu Banin and Mr. Richard and Mr.
 Joseph Sturge have gone to Holstein, in or
 der to investigate the claims and disputes of
 the country on the spot. The three members
 of the Peace Congress arrived at Kiel on the
 3d. Should they succeed in inducing the
 Schleswhig Holstein government, to.submit
 the question in dispute to the judgment of a
 Court of Arbitration they intend te go to Co
 penhagen on a similar miaaion.
 Rumored Assassination or the Emperor
 Soloqu*.—The Steamer Philadelphia, from
 Chagres via Kingston, Jam., Sept. 16th,
 brings a statement, said to have been taken
 from a St. Lueia paper of Aug. 16ih, that
 Emperor Soloque of Hayti had been assassi
 nated by bis Prime Minister. The statement
 ia generally discredited her*.— EmemfOttr.
A»i T ATi&lt;y..~Alwd y tbu Old Hunker p«-
 P® ri poluimnt am gnmomg because ibe
 •lire,, ItelLl, .b.~ s bl
 iber hvl suppressed, will not com. Pdw
 deluded fools! Did they sapysee that they
 had by their treachery, smothered and stilled
 the voice of humanity, liberty and Christiani
 ty? Aa well might drey attempt to shut eul
 the light of heaven. The recent acta of Con
 gress wdl be about as effective in suppressing
 agitstion as were the suppression of tfc*
 AaAcaj corpus and the adoption of the six acu
 in England in suppressing the reforms and
 entitling tne reformers. Reforms and reform
 ers will live sod triumph in spite of the
 efforts of Louis Napoleons, Havnaus, Casses
 Webaiersa, Foote, and their servile boothekm
 Death of James Fulton, J*.-With
 feelings of sincere regret we record
 the sudden demise of our anti-alsvery
 friend and brother, James Fulton, Jr.,
 of Ercildoun, Chester Co., Pa. He
 w 8 37 7® ars of age. and has fallen a
 victim to over-exertion in behalf of the
 cause he so deeply loved. Of late
 years he hes been chiefly interested in
 the political aspects of the slavery
 question, but he had a warm anti-sla
 very heart, and his loss will be deeply
 felt by all who knew him.—Jinti-Sla
 very Bugle.
 The North Star Fair.
 The Women's Association" of Philadel
 phia intend holding their Second Annual
 Fax*, for the snppon of the North Star, on
 Christmas week.
 We feel that no great work can be riglUfy
 uoL»m moo and women co-operate.
 To onr male friends, whom, we round
 helps-mete” for our first Fair, we look
 earnestly and confidently. Brothers; you will
 not fail ti«
 To cecure the Iwarty co-operation of breth
 ren and friends, at home and abroad, we be
 lieve it is only necessary to announce our
 intention.
 Donations of Paintings, Engravings, Fancy
 Needlework, articles of food, Ac., will be
 gratefully received by any member of the
 Committee.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS.
 Receipts
 For the North Star, from the 1 9th to the 3d
 of October
 Mrs. King.lon England (dou) 9,68
 Dr. Mar.h 4,84
 J- Barker 4,84
 B. Barker 4,84
 Miss Bauer 2,42
 Rev. Francis Clowes 2,42
 Messrs. Richardson 4,84
 VV. M. Thompson 2,60
 James Parker 2,00
 8. F. Talcou 2,00
 J. D. Grow 1,00
 J. H. Smothers 2,00
 Rev. E. H. Freeman 1,00
 Miss. R. Clady 1,00
 J. Harper 1,00
 H. P. V. Hill 1,00
 By Alex. Clarke 4,00
 J. 8. Coleman 1,00
 Bradley Lee 1,00
 James A. Burr 2,Q0
 William Shaw 1,00
 Solomon Nleholls 1,00
 Czan Holcomb ,00
 Eza Clark 1,00
 J. H. Reeves 2,00
 Silas Higgins 1,00
 Henry Kane l ,50
 Charles Sacket 1,00
 F. Waller 1,00
 Woodford Mills 1,00
 W. D. Pierce 1,00
 William Shaw 1,00
 S. Sawyer 1.00
 J. P. Morris 2.00
ONE NIGHT IN ROCHESTER!
 THE HUTniIXSOX FAMILY,
 JUDSON, ABBY, JOHN, and ASA, (on llieir
 way to the West,)
 Respectfully announce to their friends and the citi
 tens generally of Rochester and Vicinity, that tbev
 will give a VOCAL ENTERTaINEENT
 At Corinthian Hall, on Satnrday Even
 ing, October stb 1850.
 &lt;0- Tickets 50 cents Each, to be had at
 Lhe principal Music Stores.
 Programme of the Songs, comprising several
 NEW COMPOSITIONS with some old favorites,
 nay also lie had at Music Stores on Thursday.
 Doors open at half past six P. M. To commence
 it seven and a half.
 CONSUMPTION.
 Though often hereditary, it arises more frequent
 y from causes which few medical writers have yel
 toticed. The higher classes arejnore subject to it
 han the lower, who have to labor for their support
 &gt;y exercising their arms, by] which means the vis
 :era of the chest and all the organs of the stomach
 ire developed. These are the regions whereall the
 rital organs are seated. The upper dashes, on the
 ither hand, generally exercise |their lower limbs,
 vhich can never be done but at the sacrifice and ex
 tense of the upper extremities and chest. Alas!
 consumption and premature deaths are but too often
 lie the results of their error.
 Wis’ar’s Balsam of Wild Chetry, is the great
 einedy for Consumption, and the best medicine
 inown to man for ,Asthma of erfy stage, Liver
 Complaints, Bronchitis, Influenza, Coughs, Colds,
 Heeding of the Lungs, Shortness ot Breath, 'pains
 ind weeklies* in the side, breast, Ac ,and all other
 liseases ot the Pulmonary Organs.
 [From the Cincinnati Daily Times
 We would advise our readers who are laboring
 luder an affection of the lunge, to make immediate
 rial of this truly excellent medicine. The most in*
 elligent and respectiable families of our city have
 idopted it as a favorite family medicine; and per
 ons predisposed to Consumption who have used it,
 peak in the highest terms of its efficacy.
 None genuine unless signed I. BUITS on the
 i 1 rapper
 \JOTICE—MONROE COUNTY. ss.-SHER
 LN IFF’S OFFICE.—A GENERAL ELEC
 TION is to be Iteld in the county of Monroe, on the
 Tuesday succeeding the first Monday of November
 text, at which wilt be chosen the Officers mention
 id in tlie notice from the iSecretary of State, ot
 vhich a copy thereof is hereto annexed.
 Date 1 at Rochester, August 21st, 1860
 OCTAVUS P, CHAMBERLAIN,Sheriff.
 ITATEOF NFW-YORK,Secretary’s Office, To
 ALB VNY, August 16th, 1860. the
 Sheriff of the county of Monroe.—Sir, —Notice is
 lerebygiven, that at the GENERAL ELEC*
 riON, to beheld in this Stole, on tile Tuesday
 mcceeding the first Monday of November next, the
 bllowing officers are to be elected, to wit:
 A Governor, in place of Hamilton Fish.
 A Lieutenant Governor, iu place of George W.
 Patterson.
 A Canal Commissioner, in place of Jacob Hinds.
 An Inspector o! State Prisons, in place of David
 L). Speneer.
 X Clerk ut the Coof Appeals, in place o.
 Charles S. Benton.
 A Representative iu the 32d Congress of the
 United States, for the Twenty-Eighth District, in
 (tlaee of Abraham M. Schermorfaorn.
 COUNTY OFFICERS TO BE ELECTED
 FOR SAID COUNTY:
 Three Members of Assembly.
 A Superintendent of tbe Poor, in place of Wil
 liam Blossom.
 A District Attorney, in place of William 3, Bisli
 op.
 i n place of Joseph Stone.
 All of whose terms of office will expire oo the
 last day of December next.
 Tbe Electors throughout tbe State, am also to
 rote for or against the Repeal of the Act entitled “an
 Act Fstabliihing Free Schools throughout tbe
 State,” passed March96th, 1749-and an Act enti
 tled «aa Ant to amend the Act entitled an Act Es
 it blisbiug Free Schools throogliout tbe Slate,” pass
 d April Uth, 1849-
 Yours, respectfully,
 CHRIST IPHER MORGAN.
 mrt this notice ooce in each week till after election,
 md present their bilk to the Boerdjof Supervisors,
 for payment.
 y.- i.
I 3Uoertioemtnto.
M PrisUag I —M Priattef!!
 CB, or atriuo ua iichadci iti.,
 fc 1. ktlDEil’l RKPWiKK STORE.
 SMITH A CLOUGH,
 Having recently made additions to nrMiil—
 Job Prißlln* Ofc.w pcrpwd toeßecwjrSTor
 *ws With MtHH sod despatch, and on M lateral
 MUm u any earnbHahment in Wester* New York
 il— or bo ixaii. With «mw mml improved
 card prfM from, the works of Hoe 4k *ii
 the late stylei of type, we flatter ourselves that out
 w&gt;rk of this kind cannot he surpassed. ‘‘Try l!*,’
 Way BiUs, Shipping Kills,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Beads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 jv® Yagphle!., Ae.,Ac.,
 Done in style, at short notice.
 e. SMITH. w. a. CI.OVGH•
 014 Ladles Take fotlce!
 IHAVE now on hand and ora constantly mai'u
 factnring, FRONT RANDS, to covet up the
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of the
 new! and temples—awl I Will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought in die
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Abo, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. 8,--Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 four black.
 paid for Human Hair. ju 6—3*
 WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The Mertkis Noises
 TN ROCHESTER and Western New York-A
 -L History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac.,—price, single,
 12$eu —10 copies for fl. Orders by mail will be
 liroinptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together wt*. n«w and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money win 8
 A small capital of from £l5 to $26 rrquiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvunia,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, #6.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, O. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS. O.S.M. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW- ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, R'form and Jn
 teUigonce generally.
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources oi nearly all
 crime, and in theeradictiou of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editorn upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural
 Physiological and Scientific Matters, faterary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 09» The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Anrum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A WHITE.
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New York Tribune.
 W ate R-Cu R E.—ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Mcrde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some mouths siuce, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country oi
 Dr. W. as a poltticaTiefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of Now York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 tituiionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectlully informs his friends and the
 public, tliat he lias become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Waler-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2J miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from'Albanv,situated in one of the pleasentest
 Tallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as lar«e plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 60 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his ow n, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferersjwbo may confide
 themselves to him.
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES*
 CLOAKS* CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and Uie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., yf the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL ARD SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted iu the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,60
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astorishiroly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such good* are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Mai* st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st.. New York. oct26 3m
 Tie Old Csrosity Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles. Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed nil those
 various odds and end*” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other place*. It ia his intention
 to, keep H The Old Curosity Shop” well foraiahed
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 fld d °lSonf forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1841.
 Deiui Surgery.
 T would respectfully inform the citiseat of Rochester
 land surrounding country, thnt I have removed say
 office from No. 86 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 of my profes
 *****ravst, -Xkst:
 tronage. 1 would invite aU those whe are de
 .irous ofhaving operauona performed o« the teeth or
 of having teeth tneerted to call on me and satisfy
 _J" A. CLARK.
 J* L dwsftaap*
 RMhMttr, Ocl. IS. ISIS, Jj it
BL*|o’S COLUMN*
*8 tbe anedkiaee advertised by B. Siena
 T M ftmk WiMtow Y%*H.
 8 Frankfort; A. 8.
 Co., Uwktoo. T. AA. Fry, Bnmkpert; t,’afeb
 Nj*, Pitted; w. William,, &gt;6
 throughout Uk Uaited Sam
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 QLOAN’S OINTMENT is *m wiTfr _ Uv
 3 knowfedged to be an infriliifafc mSST*!!
 case when it has ben faithfully applied on
 *y««B, for promoting Insensible Perspiration
 art the inflammation from wound,
 P* in every kind, asd in its kmliaa
 W 2 w °vM doe* sot produce it* equnl, J 3
 he poW,* promHmee it the cheapest Sod best Fami
 of thcTh?! eTe ""d- AH fiwMw
 Ulcer,, Old Sores, Cbil-
 ShSfeJtl V™! 1 Cw*» CuoMmow.
 .fe. Y?’ a Bon Breasts, Diseases of
 ZuJ y 2J?Z u t L** ,kte hMk
 *om‘* "utaiaiaf the feast particle of mflimmatioi.
 pet ’oanently cured by this great remedv
 C_ J W. B. SLOAN,
 Gr *»d Depot, 40 Lake at., Chicago, il.
 OOCTOIIKO IN GALINA.
 I Sir Abom ibree years age
 flll r* ,n J ttT e- ia one of mv tegs by the
 f *“2s f 1fL te wood wind, ociasionoa largo
 sW Nearly erery doctor is G.feSu
 U a n; h"* trW until froat
 »nd improper treatment my other leg be
 came a* bftd a* the one originally wounded. I
 .tespsireo of eeer being well again* j n ()r dm
 that I might neglect no mean* v .iuib my reach, I
 purchase) of your agent ia Galena some of your
 C.ntnient. and you can judge u f my surprise and
 gratitude bettet than I can expires it, to find my.
 •ell until *ily well before I had finished using the
 Second hot.
 These tact* I nuke known that oilier* afflicted
 rronv before* and not delay using so valuable aa
 Ointment it* vmirs has proved to be. Respectfully
 yo«r gre* fit! friend, EVAN DA VTB.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
 ON HIS AMDS AND KNEES.
 dJf r J w B s lm~ l&gt;e r Sir 1 her fc y ««ify
 Alwrt e*e»«n vears of u«, WB
 afflicted in his feet from tiie time be firm began to
 UK! t ot ftn*? f W hich were a
 hard dry skin full of craks, caueing pain and much
 affliction, many time* he was obliged to so on hi*
 hands and knees, and no time ha* he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 w*eral physicians; l*it to our surprise hi* feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an-! free fioni -sacks all
 trom one application of your v hutment, I maald’sav
 the boy put it on himself a* an experiment if his
 own, from hearing in recommended. NolUm mors
 was thought of it for three week*, at *52 time
 hia feet were near about in a l*:allUy aLat*■ md are
 now the same a* though they never had Urn* «*ar.
 Yours, Ac.
 n ISAAC PAI B».
 Galesburg, Knox Co., lU., April 2d, If
 EIVI LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 fw vv w, March I.M.
 Dr. W. B. .Sloan —Dear Sir: In my
 the greatest cum effected are those tiMU bfe
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Amfrv
 Admitting that to he a fact, I have a caw in poiii,'
 to wit. Afr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan hath, was
 crippled two years with fit large deep afew., just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much mv lm
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most poo.
 ular Phynaane in various places, have treated tut
 caw without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my n.lv.ce.
 I succeeded in reducing die swelling and hsafed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored .A HU the
 first of tebruary, without much if any benefit, mfeoa
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s OiNTNMl,rnl
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully
 C. b. OS IRANDER, M. D
 BURNT TO CINDRRS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demand, that I should reiu.it
 LEL x u UINTM BNT. I’hrce weeks ago my ife-.ish.
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before dmflani, -ouki
 be extinguished ,fes y were all burnt to cinders, (he
 ch. d was so badly burned that dead, seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Oiatmint
 was recommended, anJused with succeiw-i, gave
 perfect relieH It is needle,, to add dial the child is
 now well and about her Imsiness—The medicme is
 aU l e than recommended to be. Every
 femily and person should have it in their posses
 iiSS i "h W for my child’s life, mml
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant.
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 F lint Creek, Lake Co., HI., h
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Punty, Mildntse Safety, Certainty
 and Thorougknttt SLffAA’S
 OINTMEAI' Excel*,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* ami
 Liniments now in use for the cure of die following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains.
 Bruises Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Lvil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratclies or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 Tlie Powder will remove nil inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen die skin, cleanse die
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper Hide-bound, L*. of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eves
 Fatigue from hard exerciw. Also, Rheumatism’
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 ratal to many valuable horses in this country It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN
 (•rand Depot, 40 Lakest., Chicago, Illino’i*.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 fines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintance*
 who have used them, tastily their approbation in no
 irdinury terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cure*, almost miraculous lmve been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to*’ is cured, permanently, Itv the use of
 Skmn’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test fervour,
 self their efficacy.— lU. Organ, May sth, 1849.
 HIGHLY BROKEN OF.
 Extract from the* Wankuha Democrat,' Hi*.
 May 9, 1849,
 “Sloan’s Mkdicinks.”—A subscriber writing
 Trom the town of New Berlin, request* us to say,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoiae Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes os to
 recommend it to tliose who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’* medicine* are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are prepared with a view te
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 Dr. W. fi. Sloan-—Deer *Sir—-Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 hose badly bitten on the note by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I sn W the bone, hi* brad was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Oiatineut freely, and we were astonished at tlie
 prompt relief afforded. In less than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hour* it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three day* the
 bone was not only fit for use, but was actually put to
 hard labor without any injur ion* result.
 i'ours, respectfully
 L. 8. BARTIF.IT.
 Chicago, (fit June 9, I&lt;MO
 Washington, North Carolina.
 Mr. Fowle—Dear Sir: “M. Hervey Hill,
 whose certificate i* given below, one of our moat
 respectable farmers, and hi* wile now enjoy* good
 heath. Very respectfully your*,
 WM. A. SHAW, M. D.’’
 Beaufort County, North Carolina,
 Chocowinity. near Wash., Uhh Aug. 1847- J
 The undersigned, feeling grateful for the relief
 afforded by the use of Dr. Wiatar’a Balsam of
 Wild Cherry,deem* that it it but an act of justice
 to aay, that hut for the me of that valuable remedy,
 hi* wife, load afflicted with what she and all others
 considered Consumption, would have probably been
 ere this, in her grave. But all the dangerous and
 unpleasant symptoms have been removed by the nee
 of a few buttles, aad sbe now attend* to bar daily
 avocations as usual. HERVEY HILL.
 WW. No. 148 Wasbiratoa
 Always signed I. BUTTS, iffuamne,
