Poetrij.
WOMAN’S MISSION.
 BT EtKKEZKR ELLIOT.
 What highest prise hath woman won
 la science, or hi art
 What mightiest work, by woman done,
 Boasts city, field, or mart*
 She hath no Raphael!’ Puintiag
 No Newton!’ Learning cries;
 Show us her steam-hip! her Macbeth!
 Her thought-won victories’’
 Wait, boastful man! though worthy are
 Tby deeds, when thou art true;
 Thing* worthier still, and holier far,
 Oar Mister* yet will do;
 For this the worth of woman shows,
 On every peopled shore,
 That still as man in wisdom grows,
 He honors her tlie more.
 Oh, not for wealth, or fame, or power,
 Hath man’s meek angel striven,
 But, silent as ihe growing flower,
 To make of earth a heaven!
 And in her gardeo of the sun
 Heaven’s brigb'est rose shall bloom;
 For woman’s best is unbegun*
 Her advent vet to come!
 THE MAN AND THE ROSE.
 BY Fft IDE RICA ARCS ICS.
 THE MAN.
 Thou art so fair, oh Rose, ao pure and tender,
 I am unmeet to touch thee, even to place
 My lips endearingly anear thy beauty.
 How, ia this sinful world, cam’st thou ao fair?
 OuilUess of sin! ne’er sliall a sinner’s hand
 Destroy thee lor his own pon transient pleasure.
 No, lire in joy i live to be lorod, caressed
 By dew and Ireese, by sun and butterfly,
 By all things fair Hud innocent as thee,
 And blossom brightly in the eye of God.
 THE ROSE.
 Ab, freely pluck my bloom, oh Man; for thou
 Art greater far, and belter far than 1;
 Tnou of a tiutli, in ty’st suffer and may’at combat.
 But ’lis that striving after tlw eternal,
 Which to the great Eternal brings thee nearer
 Amid eternity. For one biief h &gt;ur
 I brightly bloom, and liten wither and die,
 An i no ascending dawn awakes the dead.
 Than fcrelv luck! Rejoice in me, and let me
 For one shirt hour delight ihee and rehash th»e,
 And then in si ence wither at thy feet.
 If I nave served thee. I have lived enough.
 Great Nature’ Genius h ard the noble content,
 And "mile,l; because she sun, in time to come,
 W ben the new liea*eu In i &gt;gs -rth tlie fair new earth,
 That rose* nurtured i« the human heart
 With it will pass into eternity,
 And blossom there anew in Eden’s groves,
 A joy to man, well-pleasing unto God,
 And lovelier than on earth— if that may be'
 BIRTH SONG.
 BT DICKERS.
 Hail, new-waked atom of tlie Eternal whole,
 Young voyager upon Time's mighty river!
 Hail to thee. Human Soul,
 Hail, and forever!
 Pilgrim of life all hail!
 He who at first called forth
 From nothingness the earth,
 Who clothed die lulls in strength, and dug the sea,
 Who gave the stars to gem
 Night like a diadem,
 Thou little child, made thee;
 Young habitant of earth,
 Fair as its flowers, though brought in sorrow forth,
 1 hou art akin to God who fashioned tliee!
 The heavens themselves shall vanish as a scroll,
 The solid earth dissolve, the stars grow pale,
 But thou, &lt;&gt;h Hum in Soul,
 Shall be immortal! Hail!
 Tbou young Immortal, hail!
 He, tie fore whom are uim,
 Seraph and cherubim,
 Who gave the archangel strength and majesty,
 I »o sits upon Heaven’s throne,
 The Everlasting One,
 Thou litte clild, made thee!
 Fair habit int of earth,
 Immortal in thy God, though mortal by thy birth,
 Born for life’s trials, liail, limit to time!
 NEVER HOLD MALICE.
 BT ELIZA COOK.
 Oh! never hold malice;” it poisons our life
 With the gall-drop of iiate and the nigbt-shade of
 strife;
 Let us scorn where we must, aud despise where we
 may,
 But let anger like sunlight go down with the day.
 Our spirits in clashing, may bear the hot spark,
 But no smouldering flame to bre k out i thj dark;
 iis the narrowest heatt that creation can male,
 Where our pass on folds up like the coil of a snaks
 Oh 1 never “hold malice;” it cannot be good,
 For ’tis nobler to strike in the rush of hot blood,
 Than to bitterly cherish the name of tlie foe—
 W.ut to shat pen a weapon *nd measuie the bow.
 •'he wil 1 d.»g in hu.iger—-the wolt in its spring—
 The shat kof tlie waters—the asp with its sting
 Are less to be fe.ired than the vengeance of man,
 VV hen it lieth in secret to wound when it can.
 Oh! never “hold malice;” dislike if you will,
 Yet remember humanity links’li us still;
 We are all of us human, and all of us erring,
 A id mercy within us sltouli ever be stirring.
 Shall we dare to look up to the Father above,
 irli petitions f* p tr im&gt; pie* jj„j f, r oTe v
 Suall we dire, while we pant f&gt;r revenge on another,
 1 o a*k from a God, yet deny to a brother?
 WHAT SHALL I LOVE
 Love ad thing*; love tlie gentle flowers
 I h it »piiug from foot-prints li^ht—
 They ga I our heart* in luiw-iy hours. A
 An.l cheer us with their beauty blight.
 Love all things; love the warbling bird
 That flits about ihe live-long day,
 And, storm or shine, ia ever beard
 Stillcarroling its gladsome lay.
 I.ove all things; love the placid brook,
 WI lose waters, 'neath the stars’pale glow,
 Lie motionless, as if a look
 From angel eyes had checked their flow.
 Aye, love them all—tlie rippling stream
 The merry song-bird’s tuneful lay—
 Tlie sun’s bright g are—the moonlight gleam—
 The buds that bloom and lade away.
 But love fer more than all betide,
 The God who gives such blessings rare,
 And scatters tokens far and w ide,
 Of love unchanged aad tiieless care.
 Love Him, aud he will guide thee home,
 To realms of purity aad peace.
 Where flowers immoiul brightly bloom,
 And songs of gladness never cease.
 Dttn I Adv.
 Sweet Kate was heard one day to sigh,
 With beauty lot, |»d wish to die;”
 Oh, no,” said Tom, with humor quaint,
 Hot wish to dit&gt; but merely pomt.” i
JtlimUaneouß.
the life ransom.
 ■r otoftSiNA Mtm&amp;o.
 Softly the west wind stole over the
 sunny Lake, and welcome to us even
 its low breath, as we sat in the deep
 shadow of the forest trees in the sultry
 hoar of sammer noon-tide. Before us
 the broad Huron was flashing in the
 sun rays, divided from the flower-gem
 med bank by a belt of glittering sand,
 while oq our right the bold headland
 stretched far into the sleeping waters,
 whereon rock, and tree, and grassy
 m und were brightly mirrored.
 Nothing of life stirred in the silent
 wilderness save the brilliant butterflies
 hovering around more gaily tinted blos
 soms, and the bright hummingbirds,
 with their emerald and ruby plumage,
 glancing like jewels in the sunshine,
 fluttering over the flowery shrubs, and
 darting away across the honeycomb
 quartz that gleamed between us and tbe
 p&lt;&gt;int, with a low hum as though they
 were murmuring tales of the gold
 which slept below. But all the unsun
 ned treat ures which the gnld-Uoom
 might indicate, were in worth far be
 lt w the priceless offering once laid up
 on those stones; and many, many years
 must pass away ere time, or change, the
 foot of the stranger, or the hand of the
 gold-seeker, shall banish the memories
 which cling around the spot. Though
 strange to us, they were familiar to
 more thsa one of our companions, and
 »s we sat there beneath the lofty syca
 more*. with the noonday sun pouring
 down light and beauty, on the fertile
 earth and deep blue waves, the tale to
 which we listened, gained, perchance, a
 deeper interest from the scene of its re
 lation.
 The coming winter had breathed his
 first frost-spell over the forest, turning
 to crimson, and gold, and silver, its
 garb of varied green, when one even
 ing a girl sat on the grassy bank
 watching the latest sunbeams fade from
 the glowing sky and darkening lake.
 The sunset hues had left tbe clouds,
 and the stars were glancing forth to
 mirror themselves in the blue waters,
 hut still the girl kept her post; gazing
 along the shore and afar in the dis
 tance. She was alone, yet the line of
 tall tr* e« bordering the forest conceal
 ed an Indian encampment, and above
 their heads several columns of grey
 smoke were soaring up into the evening
 sky, while the murmur of voices rose
 on the air, and at times peals of laugh
 ter echoed through the woods.
 But Wabegwona cared not to join
 in the merrimeot. She was watching
 for the return of her nearest relative,
 who had ever been to her as a brother,
 and dreaming such dim visions as she
 could dream of the scenes and the peo
 ple among whom her mother had been
 born. For though her hair was dark
 as midnight, and her features those of
 the race with whom she dwelt, there
 was enough in the maiden’s fairer com
 plexion and deep blue eyes to have won
 her the name of Wabegwona (White
 Lilly,) which was bestowed upon her
 by her tribe.
 Her father, long dead, had been a
 great chief, but her mother had been
 fo jnd as a child by the Ottowas among
 the ruins of an American out-post
 which another nation had destroyed;
 and,carried away and adopted by them,
 had become the wife of one of their bra
 vest warriors.* Yet amid all the con
 trasts of her wild forest life, the fair
 haiied daughter of the pale-faces had
 retained some faint recollection oi the
 past to breathe into the wondering ear
 ol her child, before she, also, was call
 ed away, and Webegwona was left an
 orphan—alone, save for Laguiab, the
 son of her father's brother, who had ta
 ken hpr to hit home, and bade his moth
 er lo k upon her as a daughter. And
 the young men, to whom her smile was
 cold as sun-lit snow,and the o,‘d women
 who were for ever whispering like the
 forest leaves, said that Laguiab would
 make her his wife. But 'ne maiden’s
 heart was still in her mother’s grave,
 and the boldest hunter and bravest
 warrior of the Ottawas feared to draw
 it theoee too rashly.lest it might shrink
 away from his touch.
 And now a dark speck glided among
 the star-beami on the lake,and a canoe
 came bounding forward eagerly, like a
 wild deer to its favorite haunt. It was
 for that which Wabegwona watched,
 and a smile lit up her features as she
 beheld it; and her thought, which had
 been wandering far beyond the dark
 threat and the gleaming waves, flew
 back to the present.
 “The rifle of Laguiab haa not been
 idle,” said Wabegwona, who stood on
 the shore to welcome her cousin. “He
 has lingered long—his canoe is heavy.”
 “'1 be rifld ot Laguiab has been his
 enemy.” replied the hunter, mournful
 ly. “Let my sister bid tbe young men
 come hither, for the load in. his canoe
 lies heavy at the heart of Laguiab.”
 One glance had told the girl that a
 stranger lay to all appearance lifeleas
 in the canoe, and she hastened to sum
 mon the hunters from tbe fires, around
 which they were tailing of the past day’s
 exploits. Then she went on to tell her
 aunt of the guest they might expect.
 How Wabegwona’* heart beat as
 the Otto ways bore the wounded stran
 ger into the lodge, and she saw that he
 was not merely young and handsome,
 for that was little then to her, but of
 the* race her mother had always loved!
 And when the medicine-men had done
 their best, and, eo they said, charmed
 •he bullet out of the wound, and apoken
 the wise words which would make their
 herb-potions drive away the evil apirit
 of fever and call back health to the suf
 ferer, then Laguiab came to her and
 told her how a branch had caught the
 trigger of his rifle, and, without his
 touch, it had struck down the shite
 hunter the moment he first beheld him.
 “But Wabegwona will be a sister to
 the pale face,” continued tbe young
 Ottaway. “She will know that it is
 the heart of Laguiab which lies woun
 ded in hia lodge, and she will watch
 over the stranger as tbe eagle watches
 over her young one, until his wings ere
 strong, and hia eyes can look boldly on
 the aun.”
 As the summer wind was Laguiab’*
 voice, and tha maiden’s will waa the
 rush which loved to bend before it; for
 uo brother could be dearer than he
 bad ever been to her. But the strong
 grasp of sickness was on tbe stranger’s
mime, and it arms long ere all tbeir
 earn coaid loom it: and often as she
 sat beside bis coach, while spirits of
 the past and of the absent seemed hov
 ering around and in communion with
 him, did Wabegwona fear that be
 would pass away to the Happy Gar
 dens of the pale-faces, and leave a
 shadow on the soul of Laguiab. For
 though the Ottoway bad slain many
 foes on the war-path, until his fame
 was on the earth, as the lights whose
 name he bore were in the sky, and
 shona in the sight of many nations,
 and women trembled at its rushing
 sound, and warriors mused on wbat it
 might portend; still the youog chief sor
 rowed for the aimless blow which had
 struck down a tree whose fall might
 crush many flowers but gave no place
 for glory to spring up. But the sum
 mons had not gone forth, and the Eng
 lishman was left to find the life to which
 bo awoke, a wilder dream than all his
 ferer-risiono.
 Weeks and months had glided by;
 the snows which had not fallen when
 Seyton was brought to the Ottawa's en
 campment, had melted aw«) with the
 hours forever vanished,and leaves were
 bursting forth on tne trees, and flowers
 were starting up among the bright fresh
 grass with all the rapidity and vigor of
 the vegetation in that region. But
 spring aid not find the Ouawas where
 the autumn left them,on the point be
 side the gold- loom. Death had breath
 ed on one of their fairest plants, and
 when it withered and died, they, as si
 frequent among the Indians, deserted the
 •eene of the misfortune, and their lod
 ges were now raised, and their fires
 lighted on the shores of a quiet bay
 several miles lower down the lake.
 Again it was evening, and Wabeg
 wona sat on the star-lit strand. But
 this time she was not alone, for Seyton
 was by her side, telling her of the
 mighty river beside which dwelt her
 mother’s people and his own. And of
 the stately dwellings along its shores,
 and down where the salt waves broke
 in restless murmurs that were for ever
 whispering of the distant island far to
 wards the rising sun, moaning and
 dashed around their forefathers’graves.
 And he told her, too, of one who
 would gladly bear away the fairest
 flower of the forest to bloom within one
 of those proud dwellings; and of a love
 which would guard it against the tem
 pest, and shelter it from the burning
 sun-ray, and cheer it, if the breath of
 sorrow, which wanders everywhere,
 should bow it to the earth.
 The maiden smiled as she listened,
 but the Englishman wondered if it were
 in pleasure or in scorn, for the faint
 light revealed her face dimly.
 “Has Wabegwona no words?” he
 asked. "Say, must the pale-face re
 gret that her voice called him back,
 when his spirit was on the wing?”
 There was a minute’s silence, and
 then the low sweet voice of Wabegwo
 na came like music on the ear. “Why
 should an Ottawa girl speak?” was her
 reply* “The pale-face are the stars;
 the hefrt of Wabegwona is the lake
 whereon they rest. Let them look
 down and they will see no other light
 reflected in it.”
 A joyful exclamation was on Seyton
 lips, but it was stayed, as a shadow
 fell on the sand, and a form stood be
 fore him—Laguiab; the starbeams
 showed him deadly pale, and his arma
 were folded, and his lips compressed,
 while his glance was as though the true
 Aurora Borealis had flashed upon them.
 “Laguiab is a fool,” said he, bitter
 ly. “His rifle was wise, but he wa9
 angry with its wisdom. Are there no
 blossoms beside the distant waters,
 where the pale-faces build their lodges
 so high up into the sky, that the stran
 ger must come with a tongue keener
 and brighter than the knives ofhis peo
 ple, to steal away the only flower an
 Indian loved to look upon? The heait
 of Laguiab was spread before my sif
 ter,” continued the warrior, reproach
 fully, to Wabegwona. “Had the
 While Lily looked into it she would
 have seen but herself. But a white
 mist has come her eyes, and she can
 not—a stange wind has whispered in
 in her ear, and the voice to which she
 once listened is forgotten.”
 The Ottawa paused; but, surprised
 b the accusation of treachery,of which
 he no thought of being guilty, Seyton
 hesitated to reply. And V\ abegwona
 bowed her head in silence, for love for
 Laguiab was strong within her heart
 but it was only as a brother that he had
 always mingled in her thoughts, and
 sue never dreamed of hearing such
 words from his iips. After a moment,
 he resumed more fiercely—
 But why should that mist stay to
 blind the eyes of Wabegwona? La
 guiab’s arm is stronger than his voice,
 and his arger is a mighty tempest,
 which breaks down the forest as it
 passes. It shall sweep the mist from
 his path, and the eyes of the White
 Lily can look once more on his face.”
 As he spoke tne last words, Laguiab
 drew the tomahawk from his belt. Sey
 ton had risen to his feet, but not to fly;
 though a strange thrill shot through bis
 heart u he stood, fi»r moment de
 fenceless before the enraged Indian,
 like a fawn awaiting the panther’s
 spring. The bright weapon gleamed
 in the starbeams as the Ottaway rais
 ed his arm; but the next instant it was
 whirled far over the lak! to bury its
 keen edge in the slumbering waters’
 “No,” stud the Indian, in a low deep
 voice, “the arm of Laguiab is strong,
 but not strong enough to strike his
 friend. The pale-face has slept in his
 lodge, and hunted by his side, and an
 Ottawa chief cannot take the life he
 has watched over. Thare is a cloud
 on Laguiab; but the stars are bright,
 and the clouds cast uo shadow on the
 lake. Let it bo so—“the paths of my
 brother shall be open to »he great villa
 ges of the people. But let not his glance
 be ever dark towards the White Lily,
 which his hand him torn from the home
 where it was loved and sheltered in
 the forest, to plant it afar where the
 axe of the stranger has left no oranc hes
 to cover the earth.
 And uetore either had time to answer
 Laguiab had plunged auud the dark
 cedars which reared their lofty heads
 near the shore; nor did he return-to
 the encampment until the silence of
 midnight rested on its bark-covered
 lodges and smouldering fires. Tne
 nextmorntag Seyton asked in vain for
 his host; for, before the last star faded
 irous the iky, the young chief, with
some half-dozen hunters, had gone in
 to the wood* in quest of game. Had
 they remained they would have found
 more need of their rifles. But no
 thought of danger was in the minds of
 the Ottawa*.
 It was the oft repeated* tale in those
 regions,—the wild-cat stealing on her
 prey while it slept. But this time in
 the daylight. All was hushed and still
 ss though the voice of paio or discord
 had never echoed through the wilder
 oess, when suddenly a youth rushed
 into the centre of the lodges crying:—
 “The Winnebagoes! the Wione
 bagoes!” A wild ahriek of woman’s
 terror was the reply, to be instantly
 followed by a shriller cry of agony,
 which told that the work of destruction
 bad begun, and to be in its turn lost iu
 the terrible.war-whoop of the Winne
 bagoes, as they rushed upon the un
 prepart d and unsuspecting Ottawa*
 We will not the scene of
 bloodshed and desolation. It is enough
 that death and fi&gt;e reigned everywhere
 and that Wabegwnna, who had taktn
 shelter beneath the brancnes of a fallen
 tree, saw Seyton, stunned and bleeding
 carried away alive to meet a darker
 fate than had befallen her tribesmen.
 When Laguiab and his hunters re
 turned at sunset, they found their en
 campment a heap of ruink, and those
 they nad left in life claimed nothing at
 their hands except a grave and re
 venge; so said the sorrowing and in
 dignant warriors when they heard the
 tale which Wabegwona alone remained
 to tell. But other thoughts were io
 the young chiefs mind as he looked
 upon the maiden’s face, and saw in it
 the agony which rent her heart; and
 his gaze lingered on her pale features
 while his tribesmen spoke of seeking
 another band of their nation, some
 days’journey distant,-to join with them
 in wreaking on their foes the vengeance
 they were too weak to take alone.
 Another chief will lead the young
 men,’’ said he quietly; “Laguiab’s
 path is over the water, but he must go
 alone. Let no Wabegwona weep as
 though the sun were gone forever. Day
 will come back to pour sunshine on the
 darkened lake, and the drooping Lily
 will raise her head again.’’
 The night had passed away, and the
 morrow’s sun was shining gaily and
 brilliantly on the scene we first de
 scribed, and Seyton stood in the centre
 of that spot of gleaming quartz, to take
 his last farewell of life, and view calmly
 as he enu'd the terrible preparations
 for its close. How the thought of Wa
 begwona, and of that distant home
 whence the wod spirit of adventure
 had lured hi u, came round him in that
 moment when death in its most dreadful
 aspect stood before him, and cruel
 hands, and savage looks, and taunting
 words, surrounded him in that lonely
 and beautiful spot, where he must close
 his eyes in agony, far away from all he
 loved, with not one kind glance or
 friendly voice to support him in the
 fearful hour of trial!
 Just as the signal for its commence
 ment was to be given, a youth, who had
 accompanied the war party to serve as
 an unsuspicious looking scout, ap
 proached the chiefs, and intimated that
 a stranger claimed the privilege of en
 tering and leaving the camp uum
 tested. Safe conduct was accorded,
 and in a few minutes a young Indian
 advanced inf the circle of expectant
 warriors, with the haughty step and
 lofty air of one accustomed to be hon
 ored and obeyed. Despite the usual
 self-control of such assemblages, the
 name of “Laguiab” ran in wondering
 tones around the circle.
 “The Winnebagoes looked for La
 guiab,” said an old chief, with a hidden
 sneer. Had he flown up into the sky,
 or dived Irke an otter into the lake,
 when the war-whoop was sounding
 through the woods?”
 “Laguiab has fo'lowed the Winne
 bagoes,” said he coldly, to ask if they
 ever heard his name.”
 It is the name of a brave warrior,”
 replied the Winnebago. “There is
 no greater in his nation.”
 The dirk eye of the Ottawa flashed
 proudly.for a moment, then he said, as
 cold!/ as before, Would the Winne
 bagoes like to boast to their women that
 they had slain that warrior.' or a pale
 face whose name they never heard?”
 The path of Laguiab is open,” re
 plied the old chief. “The Winneba
 goes will not keep what is not theirs.’’
 Let the pale-face be free as the
 wind which wanders over the lake,
 said Laguiab, “and an Ottawa chief
 will be the prisoner of his foes.”
 The old chief waved his hand, and
 in an instant a ready knite severed the
 thongs.which bound Seyton to the stake.
 “Laguiab! Laguiab! this must not
 be!” exclaimed the Englishman, ad
 vancing quickly to his side. What
 have I done that you should die forme?’
 A mournful smile flitted over the Ot
 tawa’s face. He pressed Seyton’*
 hand, and whispered in his ear: “There
 is sorrow in the heart of Wabegwona,
 and the eyes of Laguiab could not
 look upon her tears. It is well—La
 guiab is content. The voices of his
 fathers are in his ears, calling him
 away, and an Indian must follow to the
 Land of Spirits. Why should he stay
 The light of Laguiab will shine no
 more upon the night of the Ottawa 9;
 but the White Lily will be happy ift
 the shelter that she loves.”
 Then turning away, he spoke a few
 words to his captors; and before the
 Englishman well knew the purpose of
 the Indians, who once more seized
 him, he was speeding over the deep
 waters, far away from the fatal spot
 where the life of Laguiab was being
 paid the fearful price of his liberty.
 And there, on the gold-bloom, was
 offered up the noble heart of the Ot
 tawa chief, the sacrifice of a self-devo
 tion, against which not all the w* alth
 slumbering in the untouched mine comd
 ever weigh. The next tempest swept
 sway the traces of the sacrifice; and
 when we heard the tale, and looked
 upon the spot, all was calm and bright,
 as though the passions of man had
 never cast a shadow upon the earth,
 though even the name of Laguiab was
 still loved and' wept over in one dwel-
 Sf far away on the banks of the St.
 wrence. And many, many more
 years must glide into the past, ere the
 memory of that deed shall die away, or
 it cease to be recounted to those who,
 like ourselves, may chases to res* in
 Ihst that wild and lovsly sc«»e»
 Ihsir wanderings in the Wes*.
As flu tor tkc Sick.
 TO HAMILTON’S Hydropathic iihl Analytic
 X/Asyfam, No 21? Exchange Street, ofgMisite the
 OcphKfl A«Tlwa, Rochester, N.Y. This lastitfatoi.
 i« now firmly established and fa saoeesefol aprn
 tion. The proprietor analyze! every P hat
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 prints remedy. Although water ie need in rv*ryw m
 that is applied in any outer-core establishment i,
 the United States, yet the propriety wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the Miff
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems af practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tlie remedies made use of in thia Institution not
 only entirely remote disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on tbeii ee from five to fifteen years; and sooh
 wh&lt;&gt; hail b &lt;*n unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is |«rticularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the V\ omb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if tliey have been confined to
 their he&lt;it from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 t«ar any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol trie Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages. Piles, Costive ness, Di
 arrhnßa, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Coin
 Feet and ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tatters of
 alLkinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumutiod iir
 its fast stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and lias
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; 'and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that be will ad
 mit into tne Institution, to advance the money and
 ozy all the expenses froui any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mence* the treatment,and give a bond to board them,
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help (Item according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against mistepicsenUtions and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, car. let the proo-ie
 or know xvhat wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co' sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by llie inline nee of those who have been helped
 here, a* nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 rhooseto make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in thia institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds ot dollars in toying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one die
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing uaiesa
 tliey are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber »fpatients must be limited, therefoie die
 proprietor dues not solicit the patronage of slight ami
 ordinary cases which may he easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get we.l, and are willing
 t&lt;&gt; be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 h&lt; allli, that die treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attorn ion. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if;
 required
ATHOL 0 AT L K tiitK,
 THE Subscriber begs lec.*e to call tie attention
 A of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Maes.
 His house was opened tor the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent tacili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of waiei is abundant, and in
 been pronounced equal to water on a
 led.” Ihe location is quite eligible, being bul
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with lias water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healUilul results lor which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 U., wife of L)ea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about t!iirty-frre years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, site forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made au
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the Ittth of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 lett, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her butha, with corresponding iio
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aoinesiic duties, and witli the assistance of a small
 girl, does tlie work of her family,
 pe Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 a,lf a dozen towels marked, with old linen for
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.'
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them iu common
 wilhothera, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Leeds.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, anu tor sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gingham. Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er.
 cclleut article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac. Sic.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Filth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenlh-eUget; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand.
 Colored Sailors’ Hobo,
 330, Pearl Street New York.
 r'RIENIW mS *tsre, and strangers on a visit
 I to New Yora, can now be accommodated witli
 as good Board,and at as low a price as in any othei
 house in the city. The house is large and eou
 •ement; will hold cuuddrtably seventy fiersoxs.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comlort. W M. P. POM ELL.
 May 11 ,1849
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg*
 'PHIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently sar
 i. vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awside and most hearty testimonials ol all liar
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 hospitals in this oooniry, in addition to those who
 nave used the limb, as being m every respect supe
 nor to any limb ever beta.# invented in Kwuui o.
 Aumrien, is new maimmctared in SynnttfUM, Mat.,
 hy Mee*r». Pslus*, Ccaatga A liousos
 T!uy man** •mtmttuttum
 UftktlCll.
 Dre. Hsmiltos and Srsneos, of Bnnalo.
 Dr. (Jassos, Batavia.
 r. WssstxA and Moors, Rochester.
 Porrsa, Gorham, (who wears mm.)
 H«v«n, lymooss tap 14 to
 I ,f.
■ataiN’s Eclectic Metical Inmate,
 awl Water-fare EbtaUiahweat.
 'THIS Institution has ban in sMMafaal -n nl.
 i (faring fourteen years, for the care of atlChreei*
 Diseases, and arch as cannot be removed by mad.
 U MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Fa
 tients have been restored to health end asefitlnee*
 by the treatment pursued at this lastitutma, who
 could oot find r* lief by any other oearae of medi
 cine. Handrede who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost fa despair
 have had renewed hope end courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under ee sway discour
 agements as then* Ives, have been cured by this
 ft r everything else bad foiled,
 who w,fa&amp;rhjnederCHßONlC, NER
 YOUS, or SPINAL diffieuWea, CURVATURES,
 mo., which produce symptomaj&gt;« almost all other
 *ke»r .accoeipnniinenls— as DYS
 .tf,^l4?? HE Al ,BM i?*EURALGIA, COR
 TIVF.NES", LOSS OP The use of THE
 SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising froui the same cause SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would my, we are curing hundreds just
 tike you every vear. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cared—why not com*
 and save life, time and money t
 W« are using water fa all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure esiabbahmenu; yet
 we do not rely solely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood sod applied hut a
 COMBINED TREAT HENT WITH EIBCTRICITT,
 aad a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to care, fa one
 half the time it takes under any otlier treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which fa not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians ara willing
 to acknoxv le«ige, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otliers. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in s single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, m easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for yean. These
 lad is have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 ■Such u our knowledge and confidence fa (for unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into s special wrote* agreement with
 •och at detire 1 1, who enter the Institution, follow the
 roles and regulations, and ge through the system, of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to ond from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, fret of charge, j f
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyriciem from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not sjwud amir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of cunng Female dtficuitu* si
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, art relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their ORIOIN al dxf
 hculty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every mMance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult cast they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our TXRMS art easy.
 N. B.—Auy one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Luxe diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post |taid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free oi
 cl targe —together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore wk want
 none to apply that can be cured at borne. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to H alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid
 Ret eßeeces.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, Al. Y.
JOHN D. UEVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Pertumery Emporium, 114, Black stone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints ot medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cekred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior tine Chintt Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly ut
 reduced prices G.ngham* various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus ia.b
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, ail wool
 Linens, warranted tree from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, ot different styles.
 Apron and I uruiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Gottoa Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Ld*g and half Hose, fins and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Abo,
 Kehned Loaf CruaUed aud Pulverized Sugar.
 Browu Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Tlie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,’
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains u taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 fa*K® the assortment front time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Bravery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 27| cts. in muslin,
 and 2d cents in pajier covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those wlm (Htrcltase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Afgieal of
 Women from various authors, 121 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 129. Price 18| cents.
 W’m. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Maas. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
JUti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Pksiadelpkia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a bandsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—itf
“Every Mai his evi Fhyeiciaa.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be cousulted uiw. perfect witty. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the eaases, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account ol (lie system while in
 health, and rules lor preserviag that state. Appen
 aedto which are recipe* for making various madi
 cines sad articles for diet for the sick mom. The
 whole written tor general use and dailyjpracuce. by
 John B. Newman, M. L.
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, w
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devmed exclusively
 to Herbs, givin| their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties aad doses, am, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every tem
 ily to know, aad written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devotod solely to Fvprdar Mtd
 ■H Botany, aad will furnish on that point all tin
 •weired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are pot up ana bound together and
 contain 20® pages, price 28 cents, or sold separau
 12g cents
 The symptoms ol each diaaaea are earefoUy givei.
 upui 1 ipiipfiaiap aaa thp a MttKv IfßkitAQß(, |t
 -ketcljf general physiology, aad rules lor keeping
 liealth, observation oa their causes,
 ueansof avoiding deleter »otm inferno Bee, ami met
 A ter msfoa aredseamd apprepriata^ferboth
1W book has been written with gnat can, fa
 pfafa* sanpfcy MBuhM fayfe ttfaily to be se
 derstood by even pmsua, and br a practical phyei
 efaa amis theroMb botanist. We efai nupdasd
 it with entire confidence,as being* work superior
 say other beak of the kindrver
 Families fa tfas country, and especially these lie
 -12 gJT .——Ha and unhealthy climates, should
 l**7'7 eo Py Md bare it at all times at
 mi *Z£Sr%SSS
 m time of need, tne dire*H» given for nrrsnM fa
 health Cannot be too ttriely atteded to by all
 The price at which the book is sold M low that
 -very family may have a copy, aad none should be
 without it.
 The booh fa put up fa Paper binding, aad «an
 easily ba seat by mail, footage only fij cents to a.,
 aartofthe United Staten
 IF 4*y P er sendiar us one dollar by mal ana
 pre-paying postage on tfa letter, shall have four
 o»pies sent him free efpamgt.
 Sena in your arderss, tte« no risk fa sending
 money by moil, it comes to as daily, and the books
 always reach fa ir destitution.
 F&lt;w families can club together and send*
 dollar bill, and have four looks sent to one aditrana
 WANTED—Agents in most of the Stares to sag.
 this work, almost every family will purchase it
 CHtried to their doors, fo small capital of from ff2o
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address
 GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-*, Rochester. N.Y
W. MERCHANT'S*
 KI'EUJUTKL).
 1 .ARGLIM, OIL.'I
 I I nl{ Mo|’v|.'&lt; *v HT'I FI r,sH J
 ll
unparalled in the history op
 i MEDICINE
 AS Til HOST
 Remarkable External Appliciitoi
 Ever Discovered!
 fu, ly proved that this
 A UNIVERSAL REMEDY has wit its eqtxil
 on the list of popular medicine*, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of tlie most disinterested character of its won
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that liesitle the great aud extraordinary
 powers in tlie core of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first sttrarted the attention oi
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of farts aad philosophy, start et the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that M. re ham's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in tfie cure of which this
 Oil lias tieen completely successful and in which Oth
 er pretended remedies Imve completely failed;
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 lections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Stratus, Sprains,
 Ulcers from focal causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions af the mus
 cles, Wounds, dwellings, Ac.
 Also a I tost of diseases
 in Horses and otlier
 animals,tmch as
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heeb,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c, e
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The cekg i ated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargi ng Oil fa
 various cases ot
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 menu it to physicians generally for external use fa
 ail contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where tlie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within tlie circle ol means uow fa
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at larga
 as a safe and |&gt;owerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract iotfamuiation in a remark
 abfo mamier. In bruised wouuds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature -of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the bands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great nuiubei of medicines which have been offered,
 none have bfcen s&gt; well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has baea
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for fan Horse
 For instance, read the lollowfag:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years fa#
 cars of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 aad have made use af Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, chat lot all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per moatb, and re
 commend it to the public as fas best medicine for
 hoisei now in use. ED MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of tlie Agent, aad see what woa
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable deafen generally fa the Uai
 ted States and Canada.
 Also bv Post «t Willis, Wh. Pitein, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow fit Youxo, H. D. Wad*
 Rochester.
 H fa E Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Cieve
 land, O.; G Ding It Son, Columbus, O,; Gordon
 fc Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure It Co, Albany;
 Hollister k Co, Buffalo; Green man St Smith, Util
 on; P DOrris It Co,Troy, NY. July 18—« m
9 British Periodical Literatnre.
 h The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Retine
 e The North Bntieh Review, the H'eetmmeter Review,
 y tmd Blackwood't Edinburgh Mu t atone.
 i, r FHE wide-spread tune of those splendid period!
 1 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand for m advance o
 I any tiling of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 cunder, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 ia England—-Tory, Whig, aad Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly uc tury; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having lan s
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, aim#
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Bir David Brewster. Its
 i literary character is of the very highest order. The
 W esminister, though reprinted under that title only
 1 is publmeed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly aiul Westminster—it being in fact a
 union at the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in oae
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on bne white paper, aad
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-eimdtof the Edinburgh
 edit w.
 raicca roa 1848, (tr suaacniaaD poa saklt.)
 For any one of the fear Reviews, ft 00 per annum
 For any two
 For any three do 700
 For all lour of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Renews, 9 00
 For Blackwood tbs 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in atlases in advance.
 y CLUBBING. 9
 Four copies of any or all ths above works will
 sent to an* address on payment of the regular sue
 .criptien for throe—the toarth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A law arrangement with tae British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheet* ol
 ■hat work, by which we shall ha obis to place ths
 traits number in the hands of subscribers before am
 portion of u can be reprinted ia any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 mr subscribers wa pay so targa consideration, dtel
 we may ba compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 awe. Therefore we repeat “sabemibe early wfi* w
 he price is low. 7
 Kami maces aad communicai toua should a wars
 w Fallen Jkreet, New Ytefc^
