Rochester North Star Fair.
 The Ladies of Rochester, desirous of emu
 lating the noble example set them by their
 ‘sisters of New York snd Philadelphia in then
 efforts to sustain the shore named paper, htre
 formed an Association, for the purpose of
 holding s Fair daring Christmas week, in aid
 of'Mhe North Star.”
 To those acquainted with the character of
 this paper, it is needless to spepk of its merits,
 or of the untiring zeal, and sincere devotion
 of its Editor. Eminently qualified as Frederick
 Douglass is to promote the elevation of hi*
 oppressed and despised people at the North,
 he is also equally qualified to sympathize with
 our brothers and sisters, who are still in
 chains and slavery at the South—to tell of
 their wrongs, to vindicate their rights, and (by
 the blessing of God) to “hasten the day of
 freedom to the three millions of our enslaved
 fellow countrymen.”
 We, therefore, regard “the North Star”
 as one of the most effective anti-slavery in.
 etrumentalities now in the field, and in this
 night of darkness and gloom, we look to it
 as the beacon to guide us “until the day
 dawn” and unclouded sunshine bursts upon
 us.
 We call upon all true friends of the slave
 to give us their zealous co-operation on the
 present occasion.
 Friends of humanity! shall we call upon
 you in vain! A cruel and inhuman law is
 banishing hundreds of our people into a dis
 tant land, and bringing ruin and desolation
 upon many once happy families.
 Christian friends of Rochester, we call up
 on you in the name of all you hold dear and
 sacred, tO extend your kind aid and sympathy
 to the daughters of an outraged and suffering
 people.
 We earnestly invite the co-operation of
 benevolent friends throughout the country.
 We appeal with confidence to our English
 friends for aid on the present occasion.
 Donations and contributions will be grate
 fully received by Mrs. Titus, 1 Division st.,
 Mrs. Panl, 50 Exchange st., Mrs. Boyd, I 11&amp;
 Main st., or by any member of the Associa
 tion, and at the North Star Office, Rochester.
 Brewer's Panorama of the Mammoth
 Cave.—We have no hesitation in saying
 that this is one of the best, if not the best
 exhibition of this kind ever presented to the
 people of Bosron, We would recommend
 our readers to visit this splendid panorama.
 It opens with a fine view of Boston common.
 The views of Fairmount Water Works, the
 Niagara River and Falls, especially the win
 ter scene of the jailer, and the Prairies are
 beautiful.
 That portion of the painting devoted to the
 Mammoth Cave, says the Atlas, closes the
 exhibition. A visitor to this painting has a
 belter opportunity to behold its wonders, than
 can be obtained by an actual visit. Two or
 three torches serves, as the artist observes,
 but to make “darkness visible;” but at the
 time of Mr. Brewer’s visit to the cave, he
 had, by the permission of the proprietor,
 three or four hundred lights to illuminate, the
 chanbets, when he made his sketches. Few
 persons have any idea of the extent of the
 Mammoth Cave. It has 246 avenues, vary
 ing from half a mile to sixteen miles in length,
 and altogether forming an extent of over four
 hundred miles explored. There is probably
 as much of the cave unexplored as there is
 explored, and daily discoveries verify the
 truth of this assertion. The most noted and
 beautiful of the chambers and h&amp;l/s of the
 cave are faithfully portrayed in the painting
 bv Mr. Brewer, and the panorama closes with
 a view of the beautiful Fairy Grotto, —not a
 painted, but an intimation grotto. This exhi
 bition affords an excellent and highly instruc
 tive entertainment for a couple of hours.
 Books descriptive of the panorama, containing
 a full acconnt of the cave, may be obtained
 at the door for a slight increase of charge.
 Mr. Brewer himself explains the painting to
 the spectators. His voice is clear and dis
 tinct, and can be heard ia all parts of the
 hall. This is quite a consideration. He is
 the mode l of panorama explainers.—Emanci
 pator.
 ID" The New York Evangelical Congre
 gational Association passed the following
 Resolutions, at a meeting at Poughkeepsie,
 on the Bth inst.:
 Resolved, That we cannot recognize this
 law as of any binding force upon the citizens
 of our country. Ist. Because it is coxtrary
 to the express command of God. Deut. 28:
 16, 17—“ Thou shall not deliver unto his
 master the servant which ia escaped from his
 master unto thee. He shall dwell with thee,
 even among you in that place which he shall
 choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh
 him best: thou shall not oppress him.” 2d.
 It is in opposition to the great law of Chris
 tian benevolence, which requires us in all
 things to do unto others as we would that
 others should do unto us. 3d. It conflicts
 with the provisions of our National Constitu
 tion. 4th. It prostrates those two great safe
 guards of human liberty, habeas corpus and
 trial by jury. sth. It is revolting to the spon
 taneous promptings of humanity. 6th. It
 brings upon our Nation the reproach of in
 justice and inconsistency, and impairs our
 influence upon the world for good. 7th. In
 short, this law outrages every principle of hu
 man feeling of humanity and religion; and
 thus, so far as the principle is concerned, it
 endangers the iibeity of every maf W.
 Resolved, That while we recognize the ob
 ligation to obey the laws of the land, we make
 a.i exception in the case of all such provisions
 as contravene the “higher law” of God.
 Resolved, That we advise all arsons to
 render every needful aid and comfort to Fugi
 tive Slaves, just the same as if there were no
 law in the land forbidding it.
 Wiiat a Western Lady says of Queen
 Victoria.—A lady correspondent writing
 from London, gives a very interesting account
 •of the prorogation of Parliament by the
 Queen in person. Our American ladies may
 be interested in what one of their countrywo
 man says of the Queer.. The lady corres
 pondent represent her as “too small in
 but she has a pleasing face, and was dressed
 magnificently, and she ia remarkably easy,
 raceful. and dignified, in her movements.
 ter speech was written on foolscap, which
 she rested on her hand as she read aitting.
 She ie a beautiful reader. Het enunciation
 was slow and distinct, her manner was calm,
 dignified, and self-possessed. To republican
 eyes, it was a strange sight to* see a body of
 men, standing grouped before a lady to re
 ceive orders, and it sounded strangely to hear
 her say, ‘My Lords and gentlemen, I have
 the satisfaction to release you from the duties
 of a laborious session.’ But she said it with
 .wonderful grace and dignity, as well as
 authority. Her sf&gt;eech was short; every word
 of it was heard distinctly by every one
 present.”— Ex. Paper.
 ID* A correspondent of the Tribune says
 that a negro man living in Lodi, New Jersey,
 was accused of theft and pursued by officers.
 They met him in the street snd attempted to
 arrest him, but he, supposing them to be
 Slave-catchers, made bis escape and went
 home. The policemen followed him to his
 house, where they found him armed, and
 awaiting them. In the affray that followed,
 a constable received a severe and it is feared
 fatal wound. The negro, it was subsequently
 ascertained, was entirely guiltless of the
 crime charged, and bad he known the reason
 for which the arrest was attempted, would
 have made no resistance.— Democrat.
sljt North Slot-
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 24, iB6O.
 We beg to inform our New York friend,
 that his paper has been regularly mailed.
 The delay must rest with the Poet -Office.
The British Government are taking raeas
 utes to construct a powerful aqoadron of
 steatnem for the suppression of the slave-trade
 on the coast of Africa.
We made s request to our correspondents s
 short time since, to the effect, that they
 would be pleased to pre-pay the letters with
 which they favor us. Recent experience
 compels us to repeat this request, and to beg
 that all letters sent to “the North Star Office,”
 be paid.
Fugitive Slave Law.—A large meeting
 of the colored citizens of Williamsport, Ly
 coming Co., Pa., was held on the evening of
 the Bth of Oct., 1850. After hearing the
 different opinions, it was unanimously
 Resolved, That we denounce the late Fu
 gitive Slave Law as being unjust, unconstitu
 tional and at variance with the laws W God
 and Humanity.
D j* The friends of humanity in Detroit ere
 determined that the colored man recently ar
 rested there as s fugitive from slavery shall
 not be returned to bondage, and have resolved
 to buy his freedom, if he fails to establish his
 right to it otherwise. The man says he has
 purchased his freedom, and was allowed one
 week’s delay, in order that he might send
 to Cincinnati for hit papers.
The Washington Union has the following
 from its Baltimore correspondent.
 “A great excitement has sprung ap among
 the blacks st the North relative to the opera
 tion of the fugitive slave bill, especially aa it
 is well known that hundreds of owners of fu
 gitives are now scouring the north in search
 of their property. Many owners know of
 the whereabouts of their slaves, having met
 them in their travels and are now perfecting
 their arrangements for securing them.”
ID 3 Referring to the indignant reeeption
 meeted out to the infamous Fugitive Slave
 Law, and to the determination of some of
 our people not to join in the chase for Fugi
 tives, the Richmond Whig says:—
 We cannot believe but that any resistance
 on the part of the madmen of the Abolition
 party, to the legal authorities, will be met
 promptly and with the moat decisive measures.
 The bullet and bayonet, if it must needs be
 so, will effectually suppress the mutinous
 manifestations of these fools, and should re
 sistance indeed, come, we do not doubt that
 such arguments —in this case, the ultima ra
 tis—will be addressed to them.
The Recreancy ol the Press.
 Men who can twist therßible to suit their
 own extreme opinions, disregarding all pre
 vious interpretations by the most learned and
 pious commentators; men who have the
 hardihood to pretend that slaves are not once
 spoken of in the New Testament, and that
 Philemon was not a slave; men who are
 governed by a higher law’ than the Consti
 tution, viz their own private judgment of
 what the law should have been, are not to be
 trusted in a case where their feelings, sym
 rathiea and prejudices are so deeply*enlisted,
 t was for precisely such men that the severi
 ties of this law were introduced.”
 The foregoing words are quoted from a
 recent editorial article in the N. Y. Journal
 of Commerce and have reference to (bat
 portion of the Fugitive Slavs Law which
 strips its victims of the right of trial by jury
 in the State where the arrests may be made,
 thereby annulling the most sacred feature of
 English law.
 The spirit embodied in this editor’s produc
 tion alluded to, is in perfect keeping with
 the eourse of that venal print during a long
 period of years. The Journal of Commerce,
 ever since we fust knew anything of it, has
 been the fast friend of its Southern task
 masters, ever paying a willing service to the
 demonise spirit of its pro-slavery age. It has
 not regenerated one whit since the Rev
 erend David Hale passed from his post to
 receive his deserts for deeds done in the
 body.” He was a faithful servant of wrong!
 No ray of hope, no word of kindneas for the
 oppressed of hit country, was ever observed
 in the productions of his pen, to lend them an
 unwonted glow and give their readers an evi
 dence that they were not Ute outbirth of a
 spirit of darkness.
 We dislike exceedingly to speak in terms
 other than commendatory of such as have
 passed from our immediate sphere. But it is
 a miserable charity which refrains from con
 demning the perpetrator of wrong, merely
 because he has, by one of nature’s sternest
 laws, been placed where he can no longer do
 violence to those whose humanity, made
 Christ their brother and him their enemy.
 We refer to this journal for the purpose of
 instancing it as a fau specimen of the pro
 slavery press of our country. It is sui
 generis,” evil and time-serving; snd those
 who rule its columns are ever ready to
 Bend the pliant hinges of the knee,
 That thrill may follow fawning.’*
 It is cheering to turn from such odious ex
 amples to the fresh and generous pages of
 those journals whose columns evince a better
 purpose, a loftier morality, and a truer piety,
 than that which swells its cant in the
 leaders” of a hireling press.
 There are men in our country who had
 rather suffer wrong than do wrong.” They
 honor their profession, let it be What it may
 whether it leadathem to the editor’s table, the
 legal tribunal, or the Christian pulpit. They
 are those who will not bow themselves to
 falsehood, nor sell themselves to the bid of
 Mammon. Let sa instance the New York
 Evening Post and its able poet-editor, William
 Cullen Bryant. That* paper is out-spoken
 and fearleea on all occasions when any great
 principle demands its utteranoe. Aa far
 aa we can remember, it has stood firmly and
 battled nobly against the tide of oppreeaioo
 that would have swept it out of existence,
 had the wish been tfee parent of the means.
 Its former editor, Willutm Leggett, a man
 whom we love to remember as imbued with
 an earnest devotion to liberty, had more of
 the better attribute of humenity in hie soul
 than all the rest of the Democratic party,
 whom he served so ably and toe well.
 Let the Beeches, the Leggetts, end the
 Sumners of our day do their whole duty, and
 ere another session of our Etatiooal legislature
 •ball have closed its labors, the people of this
 0000 try will have blotted from its statute
 book ibis brutal enactment—this record of
 theit shame!—a*
hvm the Editor.
 Boston, Oct. 15th, 1850.
 The meeting held last night in Faoeuii
 Hall, to oonatder the ooodition of the colored
 citizens of Boston end its vicinity, consequent
 upon tbs enactment of that hell-black scheme
 by our free American Congress, for the re
 capture of fugitive sieves, was a powerful de
 monstration. The vast Hall was crowded to
 its utmost limits; many were compelled to
 leave, unable to gain admission. There could
 not havo been fewer piesent then five thou
 sand. The spirit of the occasion equalled the
 numbers. I have never seen a meeting more
 unanimous end strong. It wss easy to see
 that the vast multitude had assembled under
 the influence of emotions of no ordinary char
 acter. There was a manifest eagerness, eveiL
 before the appointed hour, to have the speak
 ing commence .foot merely because they wanted
 to bear, but because they wanted their own
 strong and impressible. feelings expressed.
 They felt a daep sympathy for their alarmed
 aod terror-stricken fellow cilixens, upon
 whom the late congressional cloud was'about
 to discharge its wrathful thunder, and they
 desired that speech, earnest, and strong,
 should erive th«ir qui&lt;*lr-k«**&lt;iig hearts relief.
 Hence, when that noble man, Francis Jack
 son, (whose very countenance proclaimed him
 fn«i&gt;d to the oppressed) came forward to call
 the meeting to order, he was hailed with pro
 longed and deafening cheers. His presence was
 regarded as an undication of what they might
 expect to follow, for he ia known of all met
 in tbie region as the inflinehing friend of the
 slave and of the oppressed black man. You
 will, doubtless, see the proceedings of this
 meeting as reported for the daily papers, but
 I must be allowed to say a few words re*
 speeting them; for, good as those reports are,
 especially those of the Chronolype and Trav
 eller, they fall short of conveying to the read
 er the real feeling which pervaded that as
 semblage; nor can I expect to do so. It is be
 yond the sphere of pen, ink, and paper to do
 it. To understand what that meeting was,
 seeing and hearing were indispensable. The
 congregated thousands must be visited, the
 universal buzz and confused clamor, common
 to auch masses, and the sadden hush and fix
 ed attention of such a multitude to one cen
 tra) point, must be seen to be appreciated.
 The Chairman of the meeting, (Hon. C.
 Francis Adams,) made the first speech. It
 was chaste, lucid and earnest, and was re
 ceived with many tokens of applause. The
 speech, though excellent, was not the only
 reason of the applause which followed it. The
 audience saw before them an Adams, a son
 of John Quincy Adams, and a grandson of
 John Adams, illustrious names in the history
 of the nation. A bust of the grandfather,
 and a portrait of the father, were both seen
 just above the worthy Chairman, over the
 rostrum ot Faneuil Hall. The people saw
 these, and, democratic as they doubtless are,
 they could not free themselves from the influ
 ence of the aristocracy of noble deeds which
 they saw there represented. The grandfather
 a, leader in the American revolution, a
 statesman and an orator, who had sounded all
 the depths of honor and glory—the father
 equally illustrious. These things, talk aa we
 may about aristocracy, do command respect.
 But let them pass.
 At the close of the Chairmans address, I
 was called upon for a speech, and especially
 to state the condition of the colored people
 under this new act for their oppiession. 1
 had rode all day, was tired, excited, and un
 prepared to launch into suoh an undertaking,
 still I did not feel at liberty to decline, and
 therefore did the best 1 could. At the close
 of my speech, came a letter from the Hon.
 Josiab Quincy. It was and able snd important
 document. Mr. Dana, who read the letter,
 made a few very appropriate introductory re
 marks. He called upon the audience to lis
 ten to the letter ss coming from a venerable
 souroe, a man whose claims to be heard in
 Faneuil Hall were not surpassed by,those of
 any other man in the commonwealth. My
 readers shall have the letter in the “North
 Star.” It is a valuable history of the legis
 lation of our country, in rsepect to fugitive
 slaves, from the very commencement of the
 government until now. When the reading
 of this letter wss finished, a thousand voices
 shouted for “Phillips “Phillips Wen
 dell Phillips! He came upon the platform,
 his countenence glowed like sparkling iron
 newly drawn from the flaming coals! The
 shouts which greatedhim, bespoke the speak
 er known. Without saying more, it is enough
 to say that his wss the great speech of the
 evening. It was brief, concise, and power
 tul. Mr. Phillips was followed by Mr. James
 A. Briggs, of Cleveland, Ohie, a.talentedtfree
 toiler. His remaiks were wel! received.
 Speeches wete also made by Rev. Theodore
 Parker, Charles L. Remond, W. B. Spooner,
 snd Rev. Nathaniel Colver. The latter closed
 his speech by offering the following as the
 last resolution in the series:that, law or no law,
 constitution or no constitution, union or no
 union, the slave-master shall never drag
 any man from our midst, under the provisians
 of the late Fugitive Stave Bill. This was
 carried by aflSlaimation. Six deafening cheers
 were given, and the meeting adjourned.
 It was said, after the passing of the Fugi
 tive Slave Bill, that the Union is saved and
 quite, is restored. The arch compromiser,
 Henry Clay, exclaimed exultingly that peace
 and harmony now reign throughout our bor
 ders. Daniel Webster in the very eestacy
 of patriotic enthusiasm, broke 'forth, in the
 language put in the mouth of the perfidious
 si-d murderous Gloster by the immortal poet,
 “Now is tbe winter of our discontent made
 glorious summer.” But is it so? Have tbe
 land-storms and cold blasts of winter sub
 sided snd have the bright sunshine and
 flowers of summer come 1 No. There is no
 peace yet; nor can there be thia aide of re
 pentance. Never waa there a time when the
 Eternal Father more signally vindicated his
 authority in the affairs of men. He bae con-*
 founded the wisdom of tbe crafty, and brought
 tbe counsels of the ungodly to nought. Our
 wise men have attempted to get respect for
 their laws by trampling upon the law* of God,
 and to heal the wounds of the confederacy,
 by infiicffng wounds on the negro's back.
 Their efforts are vain. The whole North pre
 sents a scene of agitation such as has never
 before existed. Every paper I take up here
 in Boston, is loaded with tbe subject of the
 injustice, cruelty, and villany of this horrid
 kidnapping law. 1 am happy to state that
 tbe puMie meeting held here last night, ha*
 done much towards quieting the colored peo
 ple, and towards removing the apprehension
and dtesdfc which they were at fint oppress
 ed; I supposed that mut will return
 who hadied elsewhere ie alarm. Indeed,
 this rescan is bsoeming pretty geowal
 amony oo people throughout New England
 They uksolviag to May, aod to teat the
 40Mu4Ak1 to this decisioQ, I, for one, giw
 ||&gt;REOERICK DOUGLASS.
 mj Letter No. YU.
 «a» Mas. Howitt My daily
 thougHgftd nightly dreams are now so en
 tireiy-rSme subject, that my coriespoodence
 i» in wet of being bereft of every charm
 of noreijr or variety. So, however, it ia;
 and my tiends must bear with me. The
 gi detestable Fugitive Slave Bill,”
 e present, be in the foreground ol
 ure I paint. Were you within
 ts enactment, and could you bear
 r yourself its present direful effect
 upon {fas colored people of this land, aure am
 I that jfcu, dear friend, would be in a some
 whnt ifnilar predicament; and whether you
 wete listening to the sweet and refreshing
 strains pf your old friends, the Hutchinson*—
 guxinfoo that refined and beauteous work ol
 an, Powets’ Greek Slave,” or holding con
 vene with the gifted and intellectual Fred
 erika Bremer, yon would find that you sought
 in vaia a brief mental respite from the pres
 ence ol the hated bill.” The hideous and
 much-dreaded incubus would be over with
 you, to oppress and alarm, to soare and to
 terrify.
 American tidings now wing their way with
 such accelerated speed across the broad At
 lantic, that you are without doubt ere this in
 possession of many facta relative to this new
 monstrosity. The whole country, frem Dan
 to Beersbeba, ia in a state of excitement and
 agitation. A just indignation pervades the
 minds of all honest-hearted people. As yet,
 there are no signs of the glorious summer
 anticipated by Webster, while “the winter oj
 our discontent becomes daily more apparent.
 I envy not the feelings of the inventors of
 the diabolical scheme. I believe it will recoil
 destructively on their own heads. The gal
 lows, so carefully and surreptitiously erected
 fot the lowly and despised Mordecai, may yet
 serve for the execution of the haughty and
 tyrannical Haman
 It seems to me that these most worthy,
 grave,” diplomatic, compiomising and treach
 erous politicians have, in some respects, sig
 nally failed in their object. As the school
 boy whistles to keep up his courage when in
 nightly terror he runs through the church
 yard, so have they uttered a feeble cry of
 "peace, peace;” but, in response, comes an
 eaithquake; and lo! ihe land rocks from
 centre to circumference. The learned states
 man, Henry Clay, with his keen sagacity and
 wonderful presence, failed to foresee the com
 ing convulsion. The modem Mirabeau, Dan
 iel Webster, with hts giant intellect and
 colossal mind, believed that all the clouds
 were
 Id the deep bosom of the oceaa buried,”
 and was fully prepared to bask in the sun
 shine and take his siesta in a summer of his
 own creation;
 “And all went merry as a marriage bell;
 But, hush! hark! a deep'sound strikes liks a rising
 knell!”
 These humane and worthy coadjutors,
 though deaf to the voice of lamentation,
 weeping and great mourning,” which ia
 ascending to Heaven from hundreds of terror
 stricken and outraged fugitives,"whose parted
 bosom clings to wonted home,” as they pur
 sue tbeir weary way into exile, are never
 theless constrained to listen to the unexpected
 and simultaneous burst of indignation which
 goes out from the people of these Not them
 cities. As yet, they know not of what it ia
 the precursor; but if it be true that con
 science makes eowards of us all,” they may
 well tremble. One drop will sometimes make
 the cup overflow. How often, when perusing
 the history of by-gone ages, have we seen
 that mighty revolutions appeared to hang
 upon trivial incidents.
 There -has been a rapid augmentation to
 the ranks of the abolitionists. Let these
 friends of the slave watch—stand fast in
 faith —tpat them like men—be strong and,
 as in days past, the counsel of Ahitophel
 was turned into foolishness,by Him who
 dooth according to his will in the army of
 heaven and among the inhabitants of earth
 so, note, may he cause the cruel machinations
 of perfidious politicians to prepare the way
 lot the opening of the Southern prison-house,
 and the more speedy delivery of the captive.
 There needed something to awaken the dor
 mant energies of many nominal friends of the
 slave in our midst. As some who say long
 prayers,” never “pray” in heart, so, I be
 lieve, may we repeat an anti-slavery cteed
 until it becomes a dead letter. Now, however,
 the time for words has passed. The time foi
 action has come. The curse of slavery, with
 all its accompanying horrors, ia at our very
 doors. 1 incurred the penalty threatened to
 him that" hideth the outcast last week, and
 I will incut it again on the first occasion that
 presents itself. That noble man, Henry Ward
 Beecher, pronounces the new Fugitive Slave
 Bill "the most powerful anti-slavery ieaaoner
 that ever shook our Northern forum.”
 I trust that the fresh impetus given by it to
 anti-slavery agitation, will be ever renewed
 until alavety’s days are numbered, and no
 longer slave shall succeed to slave through
 yetis of endless toil.” Ever yours,
 Rochestkk, Oct. 91st, 1820. J. G.
 R. I. Anti-Slavery Society—Annual
 Meeting.
 The Fourteenth Annual Meeting of the
 Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Society will be
 held in Mechanic's Hall, in Providence, on
 Wednesday and Thursday, Nov. 13th and
 14th, commencing at 10 o’clock a. m.
 Distinguished advocates of emancipation,
 from other States, have been invited to be with
 us, and it is expected that their presence on
 this occasion, will add to the inteieat of our
 meetings.
 What, now, we ask, is an earnest and
 faithful response from the people of oar own
 State, who profess abhorrence of the constant
 ly increasing evils of American slavery—evil*
 that are every day developing themselves, in
 •ome new phase, in the moral, s°ei»l and
 political communities in which, they move,
 aril for whose existence no man not wonrae
 in our State may deny their prof* l of
 wepooaibility. It is not a time when we may
 properly shrink from the duty our reason
 points to, sad which oar faith
mtkai binding upon us. The bounds of the
 *l*tre gang no upon the track of the fugitive,
 armed with the weapon* of law, and eager
 for those tiiomph* which only fienu* can shoot
 over—the triumphs of slaverv, and its curses
 and its chains, over the liberty which makes
 a boon worthy of thanksgiving, and which
 some few of the dark sons of Africa have
 been so fortunate as to purchase for them
 selves and their wiVea and children, if We
 have hearts, and remember the professions
 we have made/we shall not foil to come to
 gether on this occasion, and utter, in nohleand
 earnest language, our detestation of sn un
 righteous law, and our determination to re
 member, in tbe hour of his trial, the haunted
 fugitive from the South’s dank prison house,
 as well as those who still clank Ihe heavy
 and galling chains of American servitude.
 In behalf of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society.
 JOHN BROWN, Pres.
 Amaranct Pains, Sec'y.
 Cleveland, 0., Oct. 1., 1850.
 Friderick Douglass :—On arriving here,
 I find no little excitement about the Fugi
 tive Slave Bill.” Since President Fillmore
 has unchained the tiger,” by the use of
 t*‘* poo. on the I Sill or Sept, exerting his
 power for the glory of God and the liberty of
 man, I have felt an irdent desire to have some
 religious-political watchman tell us what
 the signs of promise arefor the world ia
 expressing its opinion freely respecting that
 enlightened and Christian enactment called
 the Fugitive Slave. Bill,” the sentiment of
 which is doubtless the result of the inspiring
 influence of his Satanic Majesty, the climax
 of his infernal wickedness.
 It seems to me that the world has misun
 derstood, till the sitting of the last United
 States Congress, what the real and true mis
 sion of that government is. Is it not a mission
 of bonds and death Our race have been
 i taught to think that it was to be the example
 of all coming human governments, it bein'g
 itself the model of heaven, as soon as it
 should act upon the principle that “there is
 a higher power than the Constitution.” But
 all must confess, that were all legislative
 governments to follow the example it has set
 of late, that earth wou’d be anything else
 than human.
 It may properly be asked, would not the
 Devil do well to rent out hell and move to the
 United Slates, and rival, if possible, President
 Fillmore and his political followers! If he
 can beat them at the game of sin, the change
 will be well. Would not fallen angels make
 wise and humane Senators, compared with
 Cass, Clay and Webster The fugitive slave
 might have rejoiced had these men have had
 the experience of a lost being, or Fillmore
 the soul of Satan. The woiid must be con
 vinced that damned spirits would do better
 and honor more the representative hall, than
 such men as Bissell, Brower, Buel, ElLott,
 Fuller, Gilbert, Hibbard, Mann, Miller and
 Walden. God grant that
 Tlwir names may rot
 Op the scroll of time.
 We are proud to say that even fugitive slaves
 pity the nation that makes colored men slaves
 and white men kidnappers. But I pity the
 man who willingly becomes such a slave and
 beast of burden, for
 God has a bolt usburled
 For such in store.
 I have often been struck with tbe great
 contrast between King James of England and
 President Fillmore of America. One with
 stood the corrupting influences of irreligion—
 resisting demagogues, priests and tbe .pope—
 writing for God and in behalf of man—giving
 the the poor, and sustaining its hu
 mane and God-established institutions. Tbe
 other floats on the popular current of infidel
 ity and oppression—opposing the truth, unless
 humanity be a lie, and seeking to sunder
 every cord that rivets creature to cteature, and
 the finite to the Infinite. Also the different
 influence of these twe men upon their fellow
 creatures. James’ right position, decision of
 chsrscter, and virtuous actions, bound the
 good will of his subjects to hitn with liga
 ments of etetnal love—fixing the foundation
 of his throne not in the pleasure of any des
 pot, but in the confidence and affection of his
 loyal people. But Fillmore’s heartless posi
 tion, indecision of chsiseter, and the want of
 a virtuous soul, have rendered him despicable
 in the eyea of tbe good, and contemptible in
 the just opinion of the bad. In seeking to
 please tyrants, he has lost the favor of all.—
 And alas, the true church of Christ can no
 longer pray for the success of his truckling
 administration. It has given their souls to
 the oppressor, and their bodies to the prison,
 if they dare do their duty in obedience to
 Christ. In view of such fads, it is my candid
 eonvictiun that the tecoid of the infernal
 regions can exhibit no blacker deeds than the
 American archives, and the accursed Fugitive
 Slave Bill. Upright humanity cannot uphold
 the hand that signed that bill of abominations,
 unless it first does violence to its own nature.
 God is against the man who owns the hand
 Ha is weighed in the balance, and found
 wanting. Such men as do him honor,
 The Devil fear*,
 And slaves hate.
 This truth will be exemplified, I believe, in
 certain parts of the country, in the attempts
 to take back to slavery and to death—yea, in
 the American bell itself—the dejected, poor,
 and panting fugitives. In honor of humanity,
 I am proud to aay.tbat Patrick Henry’s motto
 is mine—“ Give me Liberty or give me
 Death.” I am frank to declare that it is my
 fixed and changeless purpose to kill any ik&gt;-
 called man who attempts to eoalave me or
 mine, if poeaible, though it be Millard Fill
 i more himself. To do this, in defence of per
 i aonal liberty, to my mind, would be in aet
 l of the highest virtue, and white Americana
 mast be real hypocrites if they say not to it—
 amen!
 i Do they not saint the spirits of ’76 for
 i their noble defence of their inalienable right*?
 r Why then damn m# for doing the same
 &gt;Tis the 4th of Joly. Hark! What meant
 I that cannon’s roar Tis the joyful voice of
 i a free people, eulogiiing the man who exter
 urinated tyrants, and gave to the American
 i colonies freedom. Why, on a public day,,
 i those oratoric sounds, falling from human'
 I oracles—those words that burn—word min
 gl«d with eloquence divine—word that raise
 i the dead They are because of deeds done
 by our coentry’e fathers, when they war* op
 preeeed and wronged. Such words tell hew
 they obtained their earthly heritage, sad mde
ties, tad liberty forever for oar hopeful po»-
 tetity. Who that it oppressed himself, is
 not ready to do the like deeds for his nee to
 cornel Life is aaefht to loee. tam ready,
 willing, and should rejoice to die; and I glory
 in the foot that so many of my brethren in
 inhalation are of the same mind, and feel de
 termined to be sacrificed rather than be en
 slaved. God grant that their number may be
 increased a thousand fold. Then shall ty
 rants know,
 Thrice armed it he
 Who hath hie quarrel jest.**
 And now, friends of the beloved Jesus, esn
 you and will you stand quietly and see your
 Savior kidnapped in the person of his poor
 Remember, if you suffer it to be dooe unto
 one of the least of his brethren, you suffer it
 antler it (obe done unt^him.
 Professors of religion, can you and will
 you permit, silently, the American Congress
 to pass a bill bidding all its citizens to aid in
 the enslaving of the Son of God It is your
 duty to let the word repeal! repeal!! tr
 peal go forth, backed up by the Chris
 tian’s motto, "resistance to tyrants is obe
 dienoe to God.”
 And you, my brethren, the objects of hate
 and the victims of opptpssion, can you and
 wilt you allow yourselves to be made the
 dupes of despots and the slaves of tyrants,
 without resisting even to death I hope not.
 Disgrace not your nature. Be not recreant
 10 your God. Allow not posterity to curse
 thy memory and disown -thy name for a base
 submission to avaricious knaves.
 That you may show yourself a man,” is
 the constant and ardent prayer of
 Your brother in bonds,
 W. P. NEWMAN.
Pittsburg, Oct. 13th 1850.
 Freossick Douglass: D*ar Sir:—
 When you were in Pittsburg in July last, si
 a public meeting held by you in the Wesleyan
 Chapel, Mr. Lewis Woodson of this city,
 in reply to some remarks made by you, dis
 tinctly and positively said and repealed, per
 sisting in his assertion, that when he was in
 the city of New York in May last, that while
 silting in an upper room, of the house of a
 friend, that he saw Thomas Van Rensselaer
 formerly Editor of the Ram’s Horn, playing
 billiards on the Sabbath day. This he said
 and repeated in our hearing.
 But hit denial through the Liberator need
 not be wondered at, when, on the evening in
 question, he appealed to the while citizens
 present for a proof of hit integrity. Being Te
 quested to refer to the colored citizens, he
 promptly replied, that he was not acquainted
 with the colored people, noth withstanding, he
 had been for jears a school teacher, preacher,
 and member of two churches among them.
 We fully testify to the truthfulness of your
 statement concerning him.
 M. R. DELANY,
 J. B. VASHON,
 P. BLACKSON.
Maas Meeting of the Colored Citizens of
 Buffalo.
 Pursuant to public notice, s mass meeting
 of the colored citizens of Buffalo was held at
 Clinton Hall on Thursday evening, 17th inst.,
 for the purpose of considering in relation to
 the Fugitive Bill. At an early houT the
 house was crowded with our citizens, both
 white and colored. The hour having arrived,
 on motion, Mr. Nathaniel H. Dunlap was
 appointed President, and Messrs. James L.
 Thomas, William Qualls, and John McLane,
 Vice Presidents, and George Weir, Secreta
 ry. The meeting being duly organized, on
 call the Chairman arose and stated the object
 for which the meeting had convened, earnest
 ly inviting the hearty, and united eo-operation
 of all present, assuring them that the meeting
 ha&lt;| not convened for the purpose of adopting
 measures fur "Physical Resistance” in pref
 erence to the "better way,” but to adopt
 such measures aa would at "all hazards” and
 under "all circumstances” prevent the recap
 ture of one of our brethren, with a view of
 reducing them to slavery. At the close of
 the President’s remarks, on motion s commit
 tee uf five was appointed by the Chair, con
 sisting of Messrs. A. H. Francis, James M.
 Whitfield, J. P. Campbell, R. S. Brown, and
 Henry R. Thomas, to prepare business for
 the meeting. During the absence of the
 committee, "the Rev. Leonard Whiting oi
 Canandaigua, Agent of the Chaplin fund”
 was cslled for, who came forward ainid loud,
 and enthusiastic cheering, and spoke at some
 length, in behalf of that great, and good man,
 Gen’l Wm. L. Chaplin, now confined in a
 Maryland Prison. The Committee then re
 ported the following Resolutions.
 Whereas, the fugitive slave bill, recently
 passed by Congress, is a southern measure,
 intended not only fot the more effectual secu
 rity of that species of property, under the
 laws thereof, but back of this a measure to
 bring the general government an acknowl
 edged party to their right, to hold man as
 property, Therefore
 1. Resolved, That the fugitive slave bill,
 passed by Congress, not only violates the sa-.
 cred guarantees of the Constitution, but is
 Anti-Republican, Anti-Christian, and unwor
 thy the support of enlightened freemen.
 2. Resolved, TJiat we do not consider our
 selves bound under no law that violates the
 Constitutional obligations by which we are
 governed, therefore we consider the fugitive
 slave law, no law to govern our actions, but
 will be resisted by us at all tiroes, at all pla
 ces, and under si) circumstances.
 3. Resolved. That we will give our support
 to no religious or political party whatever,
 which wjll not most faithfully repudiate this
 law, and seek its immediate repeal, with that
 of every other slavery enactment in the land.
 4. Resolved, that we deeply sympathize
 with Gen’l Wm. L. Chaplin of this state,
 now a prisoner in Maryland, formerly a pris
 oner in the city of Washington, D. C. for
 fordoing what God, and humanity approves.
 Attempting to deliver the oppressed from the
 baud* of the spoiler, that we will raise what
 funds we can for the Agent now present,
 (Rev. Leonard Whitney of Canandaigua) to
 assist in obtaining his freedom.
 .5. Resolved, That we prepare and circulate
 a petition for signatures, to be presented to
 the next Congress, for s repeal of this odious
 law, the fugitive slave bill.
 0. Resolved, That we hold a political mew
 ing Monday evening next at the Vine sweet
 Church, to settle the question in relation to
 our future political action.
 The Report of the CommUtee having been
 reed, was accepted. On motion, Resolved,
 That the Resolutions be token up separately
 for adoption, which were severally read, and
 all, with the exception of the fifth, unanimous
 ly adopted. On the fifth, a few diaaenting
 voices ware heard, but it passed by a large
 majority
 Pending the adoption of the Resolutions
 they wen warmly and aUy discussed by the
Hen. S. H. Addington, Ryton Hams, Rev.
 J. P. Campbell, Horace C. Taylor, Esq., of
 Ohio, Hon. Seth C. Hawley, Mr. Myers, of
 Massachusetts, Rev. Leonard Whitney, and
 others.
 The proceedings of a large and spirited
 meeting held in the city of Cleveland, Ohio,
 was next read by the Secretary.
 A collection having been taken os in Be
 half of the Chaplin fund, the meeting adjourn
 ed. N. H. DUNLAP. President.
 JAMES L. THOMAS,)
 WILLIAM QUALLS. V. Presidents.
 JOHN Me LANE,'
 George Weir, Secretary.
 Meeting of Colored Citizens of Elmir*.
 At a meeting called by the colored citiaene
 of Elmiri, which was held at their church
 oe Tuesday evening Oct. Bth, 1850.
 On motion, J. Johnson, was chosen chair
 man, and J. W. Jones Secretary. The ob
 ject of the meeting having been stated, on mo
 tion, the proceedings of the great mass meet
 ing which was held in the Park, New York
 on the sth inst., were read by T. F. Adkins.
 On motion a committee of five wero ap
 pointed to prepare resolutions expressive of
 the object of the meeting. The following
 were appointed such committee. S. S.
 Brant, J. W. Jonas, J. Lee, P. Card, T. F.
 Adkins.
 The Committee reported the following
 Resolutions, which were unanimously
 adopted.
 Resolved, That we, the colored oitioona of
 Elmira, do hereby form ourselves into a so
 ciety for the purpoee of protecting ourselves
 against those persons (Stave catcher) prowl
 ing through different parts of this and other
 States since the passing of that diabolical set
 of Sept. 18, 1850; which consigns freemen of
 other States to that awful state of brutality
 which the fiendish slaveholders of the south
 ern aisles think desirable for their colored
 brethren, and are not willing to try it them
 selves.
 Resolved, That we do hereby protest
 against it in all its features and consider it a
 disgiace to those who passed such an act in
 this enlightened age. That we have hereto
 fore always wished to cherish and obey the
 law, but we are determined to resist this
 law at the sacrifice.of our lives, and that we
 do not intend to emigrate from this place
 though every one of us be assassinated.
 Resolved, That as we have been sustained
 in our course by the citizens of Elmira, we
 declare that if we discover any person or pet*
 sons in the act of aiding or making them
 selves a tool of the slave-catcher, we will be
 prepared to meet them as enemies. That
 we return our thanks to the citizens of El
 mira for the sympathy which they have
 manifested towards us.
 Resolved, That the proceeding of this
 meeting be published in the village papers,
 the New York Tribune, the North Star and
 the Impartial Citizen.
 J. W. JONES, Sec’y.
Slave Bill in Boston.
 The Rev. Pharcellus Church, D. D., in a
 sermon preached yesterday at the Boston
 square Baptist church, in a moat impressive
 manner denounced thi* bill anulling the trial
 by jury and habeas corpus as follows:
 Nothing can be more.innocent than the in
 terest we take in our political relations. In a
 government constituted like ours, a solemn
 duty is imposed upon us to interest ourselves
 in elections and the course of legislation. Its
 permanency and its success depend not upon
 the power of the Government, but upon the
 feelinga of the people. It lives in the sun
 shine of the popular favor. We have tou
 ranch at stake not to be interested. Our pro
 tection in person and property, the obligation
 we are under to show mercy and justice to
 ail, require that we should do everything we
 oan to insure the wisest and best laws. Im
 perative, however, as may be our political
 duties, do they no expose us to the danger of
 sinning? Elections involve party contests
 which tareiy leave those enaged in them free
 from guilt. We seem to dismiss sll the ordi
 nary considerations of obligation in our po
 litical transactions, and say of those who are
 elevated to office what we should not date te
 say of them as private individuals. Is theia
 no danger also that we may be implicated in
 tbe iniquitous measures of government?
 Though I never wish to appear in active
 political life, 1 must be allowed to express nf}
 opinion, because my deepest feelings prompt
 me to it, on a question which is justly agitat
 ing the community. 1 will not dwell upon
 the constitutional aspects of the subject, but
 I cannot fail to pereeive that the elementary
 principles of English law, which we havu
 adopted in our government, have been aeii
 ousfy violated. Ido not believe there ia a
 high-minded Court in the universe that would
 not so decree. I allude to the Fugitive Slave
 bill. A moie cruel act of legislation can
 hardiy be found enacted by any government
 ip modern times. A great outcry was raised
 against Austria tor her treatment of the
 Hungarians. And yet has Austria passed
 laws coercing a portion of that ill-fated peo
 ple in perpetual slavery? Has she sent her
 officers over Hungary, to drag a portion of
 the citizens into captivity in another part of
 the country, there to chain them and lash
 them to service? She has done no such
 thing, thank God.
 It was reserved for "the home of the brave,
 and the land of the free,” to convert its
 national police into man-catchers and slave
 dealers. It was left to us republicans to com
 pel peaceful citizens and honest tax-payers,
 who helped to defray (he. expenses of the
 government —to compel them, and their
 children, to be forced forever into a condition
 of hopeless bondage, "one hour of which,”
 as one of our former Presidents said, "is
 worse than centuries of that oppression our
 fathers engaged in a seven years conflict to
 overthrow.” —How can such an act as this go
 unavenged? "I tremble for my country,”
 said Jefferson, in speaking of the cruelties of
 davery, "when 1 remember that God is
 just.”— Atlas.
IFF Aa a proof of what sort of means are
 retorted to to discover and arrest fugitives, see
 the following dispatch which a Boston paper
 publishes as received by Marshal Tukey of
 that city:
 "One hundred dollars reward. Stop the
 thieves. Stolen, a large lot ol clothing,
 $lOO in cash, and a silver watch. Runaway
 from Edward W. Duval, living, in Bladens
 burgh, Prince George’s county, Matyland,
 two negro men, aged between 21 and 25
 years—one about 5 feet 4 inchaa high, dark
 color, grim countenance, ooe a copper, color,
 5 feet 4 or 6 inches high, likely in appear
 ance. They were seen on the 28th of Sej»
 teraber, going over the Columbia Bridge, in
 Pennsylvania, in commany with a mulatto
 supposed to be free.
 We beer of attempts at arrests and escapee
 also at Hartford, Ct.
 Fugitives from the far South pass through
 this erty by scores every week. While
 •re writing, we hear cf a woman- with six
 young children, arrived to-day, on Uteir way
 Northward to join the husband and father,
 who, being in greater, had preceeded them.
 Unfortunately the means to aaaist these poor
 creatures are very limited and sometimes
 wholly wanting. Doubtless, there are many
 who would be glad to spare from their abuntl
 a nee to assist in such cases. We shall be
 glad to reeeive donations for that purpose, and
 will attend to their judicious application.—
 Standard.
Fugitives.— On Saturday night *Bth nit.,
 a whole family of slaves, consisting of the
 mother and four children, the property of Mr.
 Jaeob Feaster, about five miles sooth of Mid
 dletown, Md., and also two doves belonging
 to Mr. John Simmons, of the same amgbbor«
 hood, left for parts unknown. A'Urge re
 ward U offered for their arrest.— Tbit Dm*
 ocrat. w
