Fugitive Slave Meeting la Faneuil Hall.
 Frederick Doug!a*a addressed the meeting.
 —He said that he appeared in behalf of a
 suffering and horror-stricken people. He
 was not aware until a few moments previous
 that he should be called upon to state the
 condition and wants of his colored brethren.
 He came not here for the purpose of de
 nouncing slavery generally, nor to promulgate
 to appeticulai theory for its suppression, but
 men, ialtothe audience as men, humane
 peoplen behalf ot a Buffering aud terrified
 people.
 They were aware, he said, that by the
 law lately enacted by Congress, and signed
 by the President of the United States, any
 man in any part of our country who shall
 make oath that he has lost a slave, may pur
 sue that slave, —any othei answering that
 description, and that slave or alleged slave
 may be seized anywhere, ironed, and carried
 back to bondage.
 back to bondage.
 This law, he said, has carried consterna
 tion and despair to many families in the
 North, and in this city. That there is this
 alarm he had abundant evidence. Within
 two days, he said he had travelled five hun
 dred miles, and in this route he met with
 many ut his brethren on the way from this
 land of boasted freedom to Canada.
 In many towns in the West, nearly the
 entire colored population, freemen and fugi
 tives, are so alarmed, that they are disposing
 cf their property, and making their way to
 the British shores. Many even in this city
 are anxiously inquiring what they
 many who have lately arrived here are in the
 utmost terror and alarm. Tney are airam
 that the hunters of men will appear here, in
 the city of Boston, under the shade of Bunker
 Hill, and seize them.—They dread a re
 turn to slavery worse than death itself. The
 crime of escaping from slavery is considered
 by the slaveholder as the highest crime. Il
 he returns, therefore, he return to gratify a
 deep seated revenge. This is the active tto-
 live in pursuing a slave. It is generally un
 derstood by slaveholders that one who has
 once tasted of the sweets of liberty can never
 again make a profitable slave. They there
 fore pursue the slave in order to make evam-’
 pies of them; and the slave knows that if
 returned, he will have to submit to excru
 tiaiing torture.
 Hence these tears, and this train going out
 from the land as if fleeing from death. Many
 of them are without the means to live, and
 are going to a severer climate, and to face
 colder winters than they ever dreamed of.
 Those who remain, he said, ask you whal
 you will do to protect them from this bond ol
 bloodhounds. Many of them have escaped
 from slavery with great sufferings, and have
 endhred tortures, and if such acisof heroism
 give any claims to freedom, they can claim
 il.
 The speaker then proceeded to desciibe
 instances of suffering in escaping from sla
 very; in one instance mentioned, the fugitive
 tied himself to a tree during the day, and
 fled at night. He asked if they would con
 sent that these fugitives should be taken
 back. He was greeted with a universal No.
 He instanced also the case of a female fugi
 tive, now in New Bedford, who hid herself
 in the hold of a vessel. They smoked the
 vessel, as was the custom, aud the woman
 lay there in the hold, almost suffocated, hut
 she resolved to die rather than to come Ibrth.
 She had been, be said, a fugitive several
 times before, and had been recaptured. At
 one time, to punish her, her master took her
 out, tied her up, and stripping her to the
 waist, laid on the lash until the warm blood
 dropped at her feet; he then washed het back
 in brine, and nailed her by the right ear to a
 fence rail, and in her agony she tore off the
 outer rim of her ear. He asked the audience
 if they would let the slave-hunters carry that
 woman back. A universal No. was the re
 ply.
 The speaker staled that his own family
 had been thrown into the greatest alarm by a
 telegraphic despatch that the alavehuniers
 were after him, and although, he said lie
 stood there a freeman in consequence of the
 payment of s~soin British gold 10 a demo
 cratic slaveholder in St. Michael’s, Mary
 land; although this was known, although he
 had a bill of sale of himself, he felt, he con
 fessed, some fear that there might be a flaw
 in the document; and learning some of these
 Southern gentry were about to make him a
 visit, he resolved to meet them at home; and
 as his house was rather small, and the party
 probably rather large, he went up to a trap
 door in the attic, in order to receive
 one at a lime, and tf they had made their ap
 pearance, he should, he said, have endeavored
 to greet them with a hospitality befitting the
 Klace and occasion; and many of his neigh
 jrs had adopted the opinion, that when men
 act as bloodhounds, they should be received
 as such.
 In conclusion, he said that if the people ot
 the United States weie determined to carry
 this law into execution, the colored people
 could not it. They were at their
 mercy. How can half a million poor and
 oppressed people a law, backed up, if
 it be backed up, by 18,000,000 of whites?
 We, therefore, he said, proclaim no united
 resistance to this law. Alter the fullest de
 liberation, we one and all, —without the
 slightest hope ot making successful resist
 ance,—resolved rather to die than to go
 back. If you are, he said, prepared to see
 the streets of Boston strewed with innocent
 blood, if you are prepared to see sufferings
 such as no country ever witnessed, just give
 in your adhesion to the fugitive slave hill—
 you,' who live on the street where the blood
 first spouted forth in defence of freedom; and
 the slaveholder will he here to bear the
 chained slave back, or he will he murdered in
 our streets.
 Wendell Phillips was loudly called for and
 appeared upon the platform. He began by
 stating that the action of our city representa
 tive has thrown half a million of our people,
 two thousand of whom inhabit Boston, com
 pletely at.our mercy. He wished lie said,
 he could trust them to the public opinion of
 Massachusetts. Letters had been received in
 this city by fugitive slaves, slating that men
 are on liter way even to Boston, to pul thia
 law into effect, lie could not talk of vio
 lence; the colored men were at the mercy of
 the whites. He expressed wish that
 public opinion was as powerful here to nullify j
 a law opposed to the general sentiment of
 the people as it was in South Carolina.
 hoped that some future historian whould have]
 it to record that the panting fugitive, when
 he set his toot in Massachusetts, could feel
 himself at rest. We say, he said, that this
 law is utterly unconstitutional; we are not
 here/or other issues: we beg on our knees
 for the poor boon of the Constitution. This
 law allows a matt io arrest any one whom he
 may claim as his slave without appeal: but a
 man, thank God, is primafacia a man, North
 of Mason and Dixon’s line until proved other
 wise. He spoke of the impossibility of his
 proving his freedom before a Southern jury,
 where, according to their, laws, his fnrndr
 and relatives cannot testify. He spoke of a
 scene in Cincinnati, where six men -armed
 with revolvers seized an alleged fugitive in
 the open street, and asked who knew that
 he was a fugitive slave as was alleged. In
 this law he said the bulwarks of liberty arc
 all broken, and it is a base libel to call it a
 comutuiionai law. We have, he remarked,
 one Eliot in Boston and he wished he could
 doubt that we had eleven more to make up a
 jury. The path to the jury box lies through
 defiance of a law; if he concealetfa slave he
 was liable to a fine of 1000, but a jury
 must try him. The remedy, therefore, lies
 in defiance; end a jury met least reached in
 a defiance of the law. We must look to It,
 said he, therefor to place sufficient living
 men in the way of the slaveholder to make it,
 ro the language of Daniel Webster, extreme
 )y inconvenient for him to reclaim his slave.
 We trust, he said, trample the law under
 our feel. There is no treason in that. The
 law expects die obedience, provides for diso
 bedience, and God ferbid that it should b&lt;
 disappointed, He did not knew how it might
be in Button, bat in the country the Jew
 coaid be sustained. By peaceful remittance,
 he said, we must interrupt the slaveholder,
 and make it not worth bis while to attempt
 reelsiraaiions; we must say, that the man
 who has once touched the soil of Massa
 chusetts and breathed its air, shall never go
 back. This, at least, we can say. The Con
 stitulion we claim, with its jury trials. There
 are many fugitives who have been here fiom
 twelve to twenty years, who have children,
 and we are not, he said, going to people
 Southern plantations with men born in Massa
 chusetts. If we do bow down to the Consti
 tution, he said, don't let us bow a jot lowe
 than Otis and Adams did of old. He dared
 not, he said, advise the coloied man; but be
 knew what he should do if the nation should
 expel him from its laws; and he advised them
 to do the same. He advised them to disobey
 this law; and if, like the unjust judge, they
 rule it constitutional, contiuue to disobey it
 until you weary them out, and they rule it
 unconstitutional.
 Mr. Jatm&gt;s A. Briggs, editor of a Free
 Soil papenln Cleveland, Ohio, next addressee
 the meeting. He said that we owed obedi
 ence to the law, but not the law which assai Is
 right. If the fugitive were not safe here, he
 said, Jet them dee to Giddings’ district, In
 Detroit they now had a fugitive slave safe in
 jail, and they may take him ,through Michi
 gan towards the South, but they can’t take
 him through Ohio. It can'tbe done.
 He gave an account of the escape of a fe
 male slave, with her babe in her arms, from
 the Kentucky to the Ohio shore, across the
 dotting cakes of ice. A crowd had assembled,
 be said. on liie Cincinnati shorn hrouoht to- 1
 gether by the sight, and as the weman leaped
 from cake to cake, and death seemed to stare
 hei in the face, the shout went up 1 “Cour
 age, woman, courage.” When she reached
 the shore in safety, she was grasped in the
 arms of a Kentucky slaveholder who had
 witnessed the scene, and who cried out in a
 loud voice, “She has won her liberty and
 she shall have it.” She was thea placed by
 him in a carriage and conveyed to a place of
 safety. That slaveholder, he said, is now
 Editor of a Free Soil paper in Ohio.
 Theodore Parker was the next speaker.
 He gave some facts relative to the arrival and
 depaiture of fugitive slaves to and from Bos
 ton. Within the last ten days ten or twenty
 liave gone from here to foreign lands; and
 ivithin a few days fifty or sixty fugitive
 slaves have arrived here from other places.
 Jn the 4th of this month a person from the
 South writes that several police officers are
 jetting affidavits intending to come here and
 :laim fugitives, and the fugitive was advised
 n the letter to buy in his liberty of his mas
 er. Instead of that, he went to Dock square
 md bought—something else. This very
 norning, a wife whose husband has fled to
 Janada, received a telegraphic despatch from
 ter husband, asking if it was safe to come
 lack; and the question he wanted to ask was,
 Will you let him .come back, and how many
 *il) defend him to the worst? [Here a hand
 'ote was taken; at first a few appeared, but
 rradually about two thirds of those in the
 lall he'd up their hands.]
 Mr. Parker gave his tribute of.praise to
 he course of Mr. Winthrqp in the Senate in
 egard to this matter. He also spoke in
 ermB of condemnation of the course of Mr.
 Sliot. He advised a recourse to peaceful
 iolence to protect the fugitive. Let not
 langerous weapons be resorted to, but use
 hose which nature has provided to impede
 he progress of the slaveholder.
 Mr Charles L. Remond, colored, the next
 peaker, seemed to think that the resolutions 1
 lid net go far enough; he would have resolu
 ions go out; so far as the colored people are
 oncerned, of (a definite character to the 1
 laveholder. The fact he said that their
 tghts are taken away is sufficient to make
 hem rebel, and if to avow this was treason,
 le gloried in it. They had resolved never
 o go from this state by any process conjured
 ip at the South, but as a last resort would
 ell their lives as dearlo as possible.
 Mr. Wm. B. Spooner, a merchant of
 3road street, said that he wished he could
 inswer the question that had brought them
 lere —“Can the fugitive remain here in safe
 y?” He would reply, after mature delibera
 ton, that he thought as a a body they could.
 erhaps one or two might be carried off, but
 iven for them, like the slave Hamlet, their
 trice would be quickly raised, and they
 vould again return to feedom. For such an
 tbject he belive that even Mr. Eliot would
 reely contribute. In conclusion, he advised
 hem to remain here quietly, and they would
 •rot ec ted.
 Mr. Douglass again addressed the meeting,
 md related an anecdote of the President of
 he Syracuse and Utica Railroad, who upon
 teing applied to said that no fugitive slave
 hould be carried ironed over his road to the
 South, and gave orders that if any ironed
 lave was put intp the cars to stop the train,
 ake off his non, and set him at liberty.
 The Rev. Mr. Colver was the last speaker,
 ie thought the resolutions hardly went far
 mough. He thought that an amendment
 night be added of something like the follow
 ng tenor:—Resolved, That, Constitution or
 io Constitution, law or no law, we will not
 tllow a fugitive slave to betaken from Massa
 .•husettts. Mr. Colver interspersed his speech
 tfith sundry humorous anecdotes. He said
 hat an athletic traveller heard on his journey,
 :ries of distress proceeding from a cabin; he
 mtered and found a man beating his wife;
 Irawing the man away from the woman lie
 infolded him in his strong embrace until his
 tones cracked, crying out how I love you,
 rntil the poor husband was obliged to call
 tut for mercy. Now, said the speaker, if
 he slave hunter comes here and nobody else
 will love him in this manner, 1 will. At the
 :lose of his speech the meeting, which was
 low reduced to about one half, called out for
 he putting of the’ resolution, and it having
 teen slated by word of mouth by Mr. Colver
 o substance as stated above, it was passed,
 md the meeting adjourned aftev appointing
 he following Committee of Vigilance:
 Timothy Gilbert, Robert E. Aptkorp,
 George Adams, Heniy P. Trask, Wm. C.
 Noll, Ellis Gray Lortng, John R. Manly,
 Lewis Hayden, Nathl. C. Nash, Chas. Bar
 stow, Alex. Wilson, Wm. W. Marjoram,
 fohn T. Hilton, Geo. M. Rogers, Theodore
 Parker, Geo. Russell, Benj. H. Green, W.
 1. Dale, Stephen Smith, Edw. J. Jones, W.
 A. White, Jrancts Jackson, Samuel May,
 Jr., John P. Jewett, Joel T. Bishop, John
 A. Andrew, Hy. 1. Bowditch, Joseph K.
 Hayes, Benj. W.Gage, Samuel Hall, Sami.
 FI. Sewall, John Augustus, John W. Brown,
 lohn L. Emmons, Joshua B. Smith, Chas.
 List, John Gove, Isaac Osgood, James W.
 Stone, John M. Spear, Henry T. Parker,
 Oeo. Minot, Robt. Morris, Wm. H. Whit
 man, Chas: G. Davis, John S. Roffera, Thus.
 T. Bouve, Chas. F. Hovey, John B. Gibbs,
 Bela Marsh.
 The Fugitive Slave Daw.— -Pursuant to
 a public call a meeting of our citizens was
 held at Ametican Hall last evening to “ex
 press in a calm and dignified, yet firm and
 explicit manner their disapproval of the law”
 for the arrest and return of fugitive slaves.
 The Hall was filled at an early hour, and or
 ganized by the appointment of Hon. A. M.
 Collins as Chairman, and Messrs. Hawley
 and Bourne as Secretaries. Prayer was of
 fered by the Rev. Dr. Robbins, after which
 John Hooker, Esq., offered a series of resoiu
 tton| setting forth the reason why the law is
 unconstitutional and odious, and asserting
 that our citizens will not assist in the arrest of
 fugitives from slavery, but will aid them in
 their endeavors to enjoy the rights left them
 by the tsws of the land, and calling upon Sen
 ators and Representatives in Congress to ex
 ert themselves to effect a modification or re
 pealoftheDw recently enacted.
 The resolutions were discussed by Messrs.
 Hooker, Parish, Stuart, Alden, Dibble of
 North Carolina, and Rev. Messrs. Ray, Pat
 ton and Fox, and adopted.— Hart. Courant.
 Adversity is always most oppressive, just
 before it haa reached the turning pout to
 ward prosperity.
The Fugitive Slave Law.
 At a public meeting held on Tuesday even
 ing, October 8«h, which filled Minerva Hall
 almuat to overflowing, and which waa as
 spirited aa it waa large, the following resolu
 tiona were passed unanimously and wiih the
 moat emphatic acclamation:—
 Resolved, That the circumstances which
 have made this convention necessary are such
 aa require in ua the solemnity and earaeatness
 becoming to a moat momentous occasion, and
 a spirit of wisdom and prudence which God
 alone can give, and that we apply ourselves
 to the business before us with the feeling that
 we have fallen on times in which principles
 must show themselves in practice and philan
 thropy in manful and, perhaps, self-denying
 action.
 Resolved, That we coasider the “Fugitive
 Slavq Law' 1 recently passed by Congress,
 unconstitutional in that it abrogates the rights
 of “habeas corpus” and trial by jury, and pre
 scribes a form of pincedure against the fugi
 tive which overturns the moet essential princi
 ples of common and constitutional law; and
 Resolved, That we consider this law im
 moral in that it forbids the exercise of hospi
 tality to the innocent way fater, and requires
 men to become hounds upon the track of the
 wronged and hunted fugitives; therefore,
 Resolved, That we regard this law as not
 binding, and void, and hold ourselves bound,
 nor only not to obey, but positively to disobey it.
 Resolved, Thai we are bound to disobey
 this iniquitous law: lai, by aiding the fugitive
 slave whenever opportunity offers; 2d, bv
 withholding the assistance which United
 States officers will oliim in summooinu tim
 ■posse cmnmuiuus tor me purpose or aTreST
 ing the fugitive, and 3d, by impending by any
 means not inconsistent with morality, the civ
 il process by which the slave-hunter will en
 deavor to secure his prey.
 Resolved, That we warmly commiserate
 the condition of the thousands of fugitive
 slaves at the North and elsewhere, to whose
 homes and hearts the recent law has carried
 terror and woe; and that we promise that
 they shall receive from us, until fines con
 sume our means and prisons confine our bod
 ies, such shelter and aid as we would ask for
 ourselves; were their circumstances ours.
 Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with
 our true-hearted friend and brother, William
 L. Chaplin, and pledge ourselves 10 stand by
 him to the last, by a devotion of our time, en
 ergies, and money, to bail him from prison,
 ind defend him before the tribunals of the land.
 Sixty dollars were raised for the benefit of
 Chaplin, and at a late hour, the meeting ad
 ourned “sine «6&gt;.” HENRY WRIGHT,
 Chairman.
 Henry E. Peck, Secretary.
 We insert the above proceedings at the
 tpecial request of the respectable clergyman
 whose name is appended aa Secretary. But
 nasmuch as it ia not out custom to lend our
 tolumns for the purposes of those who eom
 &gt;ine to violate the Jaws, and to urge upon
 heir fellow citizens as a duty bloody resist
 ance to the legal authority, we deem it prop
 ;r to accompany their publication with a few
 emarks.
 No unpopularity which may attach to the
 xpression of our honest convictions shall
 under this journal fiom beating its emphatic
 estimony against the doctrines put forth in
 hese resolutions. They are subversive of
 aw and order.—They lead lo violence,rapine i
 Jid murder. If the principle upon which i
 hey are baaed shall be generally received as
 i rule of action, we may bid farewell to gov
 ernment and civil society.—What is that
 ►rinciple? Simply this: That any citizen
 las a right to disobey and resist the execution
 &gt;f any law which he may deem immoral or
 ontrary to the law of God.
 Now we run little risk in assuming that
 he Rev. Henry E. Peck considers the law
 equiring the mails to be carried on Sunday,
 &gt;f that character. Is he therefore to get a re- j
 'olver and ahoot ail the post masters and mail i
 igents? If it ;s the duty of every fugitive
 lave to shoot his pursuers (and so we undei&gt; i
 land the meeting, of which Mr. P. waa sec-
 etary, voted), then it certainly is no less the j
 luty of every negto in bondage, at the South
 o spill his master’s blood, as ft means of i
 'anting bis liberty. Do we understand this
 obe recommended? It is a legitimate infer- i
 ince from the premises asumed at the Mi
 lerva Hall meeting, and if carried into prac*
 ice, would cover the ground of thirty Stales
 with murdeied victims.
 Ihe law, which is so vehemently denoun- i
 ed may be uocorisututional—if so, let that
 &gt;e declared by the Supreme Coutt. But till j
 o pronounced, it is binding, and as much lo i
 »e obeyed as any other enactment of Congress.
 ['he Constitution says expressly, that fugi-1
 ivea from service “shall be delivered up.”
 I his is to us of the North, a painful require- j
 nent. But are we therefore, freed from its
 ►bligation? Shalt minister of God tell us J
 what we are? The truth is, that a large por-
 ion of the citizenn of the Norih intend to vi-
 date that requirement of the Constitution.
 They do not mean to “deliver up” fugitive
 ■laves. This is the simple fact; and it ia as- j
 ounding that good men, preachers of the gos-
 ►el, and influential presses should urge men
 o resist unto blood, the execution of the
 undamental law.—How long can the gov-
 iinment be maintained, if this doctrine con
 inues to animate our people?—How cs.ll we
 :ail upon our brethren in other quarters of
 he confederacy to observe the Constitution,
 vhile we ourselves tread it under foot!
 It may be that we shall incur odium by the
 itterance of such sentiments in the present
 ‘Xcited and morbid slate of public opinion, j
 iVe do not think it worth while to indulge in j
 irofessions of regard for the colored people, I
 vhelher free or slaves. It may be that in all
 iractical legal efforts to aid in their elevation,
 ab shall do as much as those who incite
 hem to bloody collision with the laws. But
 ve abide the dominion of legal authority.
 We respect the constitution and shall endea
 ror to obey it. We shall counsel none, black
 &gt;r white, bond or free, to resist its execution, i
 ind we cannot but regard those who do as
 memies to peace, good order and liberty.—
 l’fiey are doing all in their power to over- i
 urn the foundation of all prosperity, safety
 ind happiness as a nation.— American.
 The Fugitive Slave Law,
 The Slartdard has received the following
 eport of a meeting held at a New Brighton,
 Beaver Co., P.:
 October 10, 1850. f
 Friend Gay —At a meeting of the in-!
 labitants of New Biighton, held in Temper
 inee Hall, Oct. 9. 1850, called to consider the
 recent Fugitive Slave Law, and ihe best
 means to resist its execution, the following
 leoslutions were offered by Henry C. Wright,
 and, after a full and animated discussion by
 him and others, were adopted with great
 unanimity and enthusiasm:
 1. Resolved, That all slaves owe it as as a
 sacred duty to themselves, to their children,
 and to Iher bod, lo escape from Slavery, by
 run.ng away, or by such othor means as, in
 their opiniou, are right and beat adapted te
 secure to them and to their children their in
 herent and inalienable right to liberty.
 2. Resolved, That that the man of the
 woman who, under any pretext whatever,
 shall refuse lo help slaves to escape from
 Slavery, as opportunity offers, by secieting,
 harboring and feeding them, and by furnish
 ing means to elude tbe slave-hunter, he or
 •he should be regarded and treated as a kid
 napper, and as a traitor to God and Hu
 manity.
 3. Resolved, That any man who, aa Judge,
 Commissioner, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or
 assistant, or who in uny way, officially or
 unofficially, shall aid in or abet the execution
 of tbe recent Fugitive Slave Law, is a deadly
 enemy to the virtue, peace and safety of tts
 and pur families, and ought to be regarded
 and treated as hone thieves, highway robbera,
 murderers and other high criminals are
 treated, inasmuch aa be prowla about among
 us aa a beast of prey, seeking to consign ue
 and our fiuulies to tbe pollutions and horrors
 of American Slavery.
L Resoived, That we wil] do what we can
 to jsld up to the contempt and exercration of
 on children, and of our friend* and neigh-
 S&lt; p, all who, officially or unofficially, shall
 aii jn carrying out Fugitive Slave Law, or
 sh i, in any way, be acoeeaofy to the capture I
 an I murn to Slavery any man, woman or j
 ch fl, who shall come to an for protection i
 ag eut slaveholders and their agents.
 I Resolved, That those ministers and
 ch icbes that da not openly and publicly array j
 thi lselves against said Fugitive Slave Law,
 to event its execution, area* ministers and
 ch cbes of Christ, but otm£* to be regarded
 am treated, by every friendofGod and man,
 as e ministers and synagogues of Satan.
 1 *ted, That Henry C. Wright be a com- j
 mil ie to procure the publication of the above
 Reflations in the newspaper* of this vicini
 ty ajpd elsewhere.
 HENRY!?. WRIGHT.
 The Fugitive Slate Law.
 Acthe call of Josiah Quincy, and two or
 three Hundred others, a meeting assembled on
 Mondty evening in Faneuil Hall, to consider
 the late Fugitive Slave BtIL More human
 beings were never crowded'it once into the
 old Cradle of Liberty; antk seldom, it may
 be added, have our citizens been summoned
 to that place for more weighty reasons. Hoq.
 Charles F. Adams was called to the chair,
 five Vice-Presidents and two Secretaries were
 appointed, and prayer waa offered by Rev.
 Dr. Lowell. Mr. Adams made the opening
 speech, in language peculiarly chaste and
 calm, but firm and clear in. its condemnation
 tWorfdimAia, Uii ■ai"**" 1 1 ihai
 any edict of Rome in her worst days. n n I
 Mr. Adams was followed by Frederick
 Douglass, who spoke nearly an hour. He
 stated that his own family had been thrown
 into great consternation by two telegraphic
 dispatches received in one hour, giving in
 formation that slsve-hunters were in pursuit
 of him. He was absent, but hastened home,
 not feeling quite safe, though his freedom
 had been purchased with British gold, and he
 had in his pocket a bill of sale of himself?
 He related some cases of great suffering on
 the part of slaves escaping from bondage,
 named their residence and condition, and
 asked whether tho people ef Massachusetts
 would suffer such persons to be taken from
 them and returned into slavery. To every
 such question the immense congregation an
 swered, No, no, in almost deafening tones.
 A letter from Hon Josiah Quincy, who
 was not able to be present, was read by
 Richard H. Dana, Esq. It was a calm and
 thorough exposition of the new law, and un
 qualified condemnation of it as unconstitutional
 md wicked, and a decided expression of be
 lief that it could not and would not be en
 orced in Massachusetts.
 After the reading of this letter resolutions
 .vere read by Mrr Dana, and followed by ad-
 Iresses from Wendell Phillips, Esq., Theo
 lore Parker, Mr. Harris of Ohio, Remond,
 Spooner, &amp;c. These speakers, I wish dis
 incily to say, exhibited great moderation and
 :oolness, considering the occasion. None of
 hem recommend violence or threats, much
 ess flight on the part of the colored people.
 They left the fugitive to his own choice, as
 o death or slavery in the last resort, some of
 he speakers simply offering what they would
 10. The effort of the meeting seemed to be
 o create a public sentiment which should
 nake the enforcement ol the law impossible.
 —N. Y. Evangelist.
 The Fugitive Slave Law and the Con- j
 REGATIONALI9TS.—At a meeting of the New
 fork Evangelical Association, held at Pough
 keepsie October 8, the following Resolutions
 vere passed with reference to the recent Fu
 rtive Slave Law.
 Resolved That we cannot recognize this I
 aw as of any binding force upon the citizens
 if our country. Ist. Because it is contrary to
 he express command of God. Deut. 33,16,
 T—‘Thou shalt not deliver unto his master
 he servant which is escaped from his master
 into thee. He shall dwell with thee, even
 imong you in that which he shall choose in
 me of thy gates, where it liketh him best;
 hou shalt not oppress him.” 2d. It is in op
 msition to the great law of Christian benev
 ilence, which requires us in all things to do
 into others as we would that others should
 lo unto us. 3d. It conflicts with the provis
 ons of our National Constitution. 4th. It
 irostrates those two great safe-guards of hu
 nan liberty, habeas corpus and trial by jury,
 ith. It is revolting to the spontaneous prompt
 ngs of humanity. 6th. It brings upon our Na
 ion the reproach of injustice and inconsisten
 cy* and impairs our influence upon the world
 or good. 7th. In short, this law outrages
 ■very principle of human feeling of humanity
 ind religion; and thus, so far as the princi
 &gt;leis concerned, it endangers the liberty of
 ivery man.
 Resolved, That w hile we recognize the ob
 igation to obey the law! of the hind, we make
 in exception in the case of all such provisions
 is contravene the “higher laws” of God.
 Resolved, That we advise all persons to
 ender every needful aid and comfort to Fu
 jittve Slaves, just the same as it there were
 to law in the land forbidding it.— N. Y. IVi
 nine.
 Fugitive Slaves and Hubeas Corpus.
 We understand Mr. J«y to say, at the
 neeting on Friday, that he had tried all the
 Fudges of this city and had been unable to ob
 ain a writ of habeas corpus. It is hoped that
 ie and other legal gentlemen will examine
 urther into the subject—that no legal effort
 nay remain untried, and if they cannot suc
 ieed, that they will give the ground of objec
 ion on the part of the judges.— Det. Trib.
 We hope this matter will not be s'urred
 iver, but put to the extremes! test. It has
 &gt;een alleged here by sound thinkers, that the
 Habeas corpus cannot be suspended in any in
 stance, and that a judge who refuses to grant
 t w rit of habeas corpus in such a case would
 render himself liable to impeachment. The
 sooner this question is settled the better.
 ‘Agitation” will not cease while it is admit
 ted the recourse to this great popular right
 cannot be had in the case of a fugitive arrest
 ed under the late law.
 The Detroit Advertiser says that five hun
 dred dollars have been raised and paid to the
 claimant of Rose. If so, the chance of test
 ing an important question ia probably lost.
 A correspondent of the Buffalo Courier
 slates that the negro belonged to a brother of
 the Hon. R. L. Rose, of Ootdlio county, in
 this Stale.—The owner pocketed the money
 and departed.—We have no doubt that slave
 holders and their agents will be vere ready to
 take advantage of this example, and northern
 people can have as many slaves as they ate
 willing to pay fox.—Rochester Democrat.
 The Fugitive Slave Bill.—A mass
 meeting of the citizens of Athburnbsm, was
 convened in the Town Hall, on Mooday even
 ing, Oct. 7th, to express the judgment of
 free men upon this infamous bill. William
 P. Ellis was appointed Chairman, and Francis
 A. Whitney, Secretary. The bill was read
 by the Secretary. It was then commented
 on by G. G. Parker, Esq., Elnathan Davis,
 Rev. A. A. Whitemore, and Jonathan L.
 Estey, Doct. J. Potts Gilman Jones, Enoch
 Whitemore, Francis J. Barrett, and others,
 men of all parties, and in terms of severest
 condemnation. The hour being late, the
 meeting adjourned to the next evening.
 Pursuant to adjournment, a larger meeting
 still assembled in the same place on Tuesday
 evening. After a calm, but full and deep
 denunciation of the bill, the following eenti
 ment was unanimously adopted by the meet
 ings— Christian Citizen.
 The fugitive Slave Bill!—inhuman—un-
 christian, and abhorrent to the Almighty; j|
 should be utterly aet at naught by all who
 fear Him! wi feel towar&lt;fit J*korrZ
 t by contmtpi for the BASE
 TRAITORS who enacted it! We will leave
 no liuii'eou* means unapplied to smite it dis
 honored to the dust m 99
The people of Asfcbunibaiß wooM soonei
 sc* another FLOOD sweeping throng* theii
 enterprising village, leaving a deeper and
 wider veaoiation, than to tee the bumbles!
 fugitive that ever fled /torn the house ef bond
 age, kidnapped by the hounds of injustice
 God bless them!
 Glorious N*we!— Another Victory
 —The use of our military has at last been as
 certained beyond a doubt. At the arrest of a
 fugitive slave in Detroit, on Tuesday, three
 companies were detailed as a guard over him.
 Jonas, run the banner out over the street!
 Get the great gun and slap her off three eev
 eral times, for the greatness of our republic!
 Three companies of soldiers—regular noong
 dum-dardies, to capture one poor negro' Ah,
 what a glorious thing is liberty.— Vox Popvb
 Anti-Slavery Meetings in Western N.Y.
 David Green Wheklbanks, a Fugitive
 Slave, will hold Anti-Slaverv meetings on
 Sunday, Oct. 20, at East Henrietta.
 Monday, 21, at Webster.
 Tuesday, 22, st Ontario.
 Wednesday, Oct. 23, at West Walworth.
 Thursday, 24, at Walworth.
 Friday, 25, at Palmyra.
 Saturday, 20, at Marion.
 Monday, 29, at Williamson.
 Tuesday, 29, at Pultneyville.
 Wednesday, 30, at Sodua.
 Thursday, 31, at Red Creek.
 Friday, Nov. 1, at Oswego.
 Saturday, 2, at Fulton.
 M t-y, AX o,M«iM&lt;llle.
 Tuesday, 5, at Jordan.
 Wednesday, 6, at Weedsport.
 Thursday, 7, at Port Byron.
 Friday, 8, at Clyde.
 Saturday, 9, at Newark.
 Monday, 10, at Macedon.
 Tuesday, 11, at Egypt.
 Friends of the Slave we call upon you in
 this crisis to “do your duty.’’ Now is the
 time for action. Convene large meetings in
 your respective towns, to listen to the appt aj
 of one who has felt the iron yoke of bondage
 and tasted the bitter cup of slavery. We
 commend D. G. Wheelbanks to your care amd
 attention.
 The North Star Fair.
 The Women’s Association” of Philadel
 phia intend holding their Second Annual
 Fair, for the support of the North Star, on
 Christmas week.
 We feel that no great work can be rightly
 done unless men and women co-operate.
 To our male friends, whom we found
 helps-mete” for our first Fair, we look
 earnestly and confidently. Brothers,you will
 not fail us
 To secure the heaity co-operation of breth
 ren and friends, at home and abroad, we be
 lieve it is only necessary to announce our
 intention.
 Donations of Paintings, Engravings, Fancy
 Needlework, articles of food, Ac., will be
 gratefully received by any member of the
 Committee.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS.
 Receipts
 For the North Star, from the 17th to the 24th
 of Lktober.
 Rev. A. Brand ran (Eng,) 7,20
 Mr. F. Howath 5,90
 Mrs. E. Pease 430
 Dr. M a dead 4 0q
 Miss. I J innings (Ireland) 9,00
 Mr. Griffiths (Eng,) 2.40
 Mr. Howe 2 40
 Mr. Jones 2,50
 M. it J. Little 2 40
 Mrs. E. Stinge 2,40
 Dr. Epps 2.4/0
 Mr. C. Bilson 2,00
 Mr. Sprague 2,00
 Mr. Gowland 2,00
 Mr. Cash 2 40
 Francis Barry 3 00
 Darius P. Lawton LL 1,00
 Roliert Brown 2 00
 Samuel Hence 2 00
 Miss. S. Roberts 2,00
 William Debbins 2 00
 John Molson l 00
 John Me. Kensie 2,00
 Mrs. Susan Johnson 2,00
 Professor Buckley 2,00
 James Robinson 50
 FIFTY THOUSAND PERSONS
 Die annually in England of Consumption. Hn the
 New England States, tlie proportion is one i Ji four
 or five.—ln Boston, probably, one in four. In the
 Mty of New York, sixty-seven uied in two weeks
 in December of this disease. It {is less prevalent
 in the more noitliem latitudes, as Russia, Ca uada,
 and among the Alps of Switzerland, where the win
 ters are long and severe, and there aie fewer mid
 den changes.
 No theory can be more welcome to the huma.n
 mind than tlie one which establishes on good grounds
 the hope for prolonged existence, if the allegations
 of those who are at least entitled to veracity may be
 believed, there is a preventative and a remedy.
 The great autiior of Nature has provided us with
 a remedy for Consumption, and the disenses leading
 thereto which are bo fearfully common in our coun
 try Has lie left us to find relief from that fatal
 scourge by ransacking other land! No, the best
 Nature’s own Remedy, i, aj our hand. The Wisl
 Cherry and tlie Pine, furnish us with a cure, where
 a cure is possible.
 One of the most important discoveries of the
 age, in ameliorating the condition of this class of
 suffering humanity, is
 Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry,
 It has been before the public some ten years. This
 valuable medicine was first discovered and intro
 duced in the year 1838, since which time its success
 has constantly increased tlie demand, until it has
 become one of, if not I tie most popular remedy I&lt;»r
 Consumption, in its incipient stage, ever known,
 None genuine unless signed I. BUTTS.
 For sale by Post Willis; also by Wm.
 Pitkin.
 NOTICE-MONROECOUNTY.ss.-SH er-
 LFF’S OFFICE:—A GENERAL EL EC
 -1 lON is to be held in the county of Monroe, 011 the
 Tuesday succeeding the first Monday of Novel aber
 next,mt which will be chojen the Officers menuioti
 ed in tlie notice from the Secretary of Statt of
 which a copy thereof is hereto annexed.
 Date at Rochester, August 21st, 1860-
 °CTAVUB P. CHAMBERLAIN, Shet iff.
 S lArEOb NEW YORK.Secretary’s Office, i To
 15th, 18W. the
 Shet ill ol the county at Monroe,—Sir t —Notice is
 herebygiven. that at the GENERAL ELEC
 TION, to be held in this State, on the Tuesday
 succeeding the first Monday of November next, the
 following officers are to be elected, to wit:
 A Governor, in place of Hamilton Fish.
 A Lieutenant Governor, in place of G eorge W.
 Patterson.
 A Canal Commissioner, in place of J *c«b Hinds.
 A n Inspector of State Prisons, in pL ice of David
 I&gt;. Spencer.
 A Clerk of the Court of Appeals, in place of
 Charles 8. Benton.
 A Representative in the 82d Congress of the
 United States, for the Twenty-Eighth District in
 place of Abraham M. Scbermerhoin.
 COUNTY OFFICERS TO BB ELECTED
 FOR SAID COUNTY:
 Three Members of Assembly.
 iia£ f POOr Wit
 opA Dwukt Attorney, in place of William S. Bish-
 P l of Stone.
 ,iU
 £he Elector i throughout the State, are also to
 ’°*W r l&gt; 9V aM to Repeal of the Acs entitled «en
 Free Schools throughout tlie
 Slate," passed March 26th, 1849——rf an Act enti
 tled “an Act to amend the Act entitle* an 4«t Es-

 Yours reepertfiiPy,
 f £r CHWBTQFHER MORGAN.
 SEWHary of State.
Job Printii*! —Priatltg! t
 corkir or iutealo and ncwm
 OVER I. RILDtR’I HIRDWiRI tWl*.
 SMITH fc CLOUGH,
 Haring recently madevlditioai to their «len»i»'
 Job Printing Office, err prepared U) eMitr all or
 dera with neatness ami despatch, and ob*m libera
 terms as any establishment in Western New Vorl
 —steam or no steam. With a new and improve*
 card press from the works of Hoe Co., and a!
 the late styles of type, we flatter ourselves that ou
 w jrk of this kiad cannot be surpassed. “Try Us.’
 Way Bills, Shipping Bills,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases, m
 Books, Pagpbhsts, Ac., Ac.,
 Done in style, at short notice.
 C. SMITH. W. CLOUGH
 014 Ladies Take Notice!
 IHAVE now on haml and am constantly roami
 factoring, FRONT BANDS, to cover up tin
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of th&lt;
 head and temples—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought in tb«
 State.
 Cnil and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Alsu, India Hair Dye, Air coloring th*
 hair black.
 93*Cash paid for Human Hair. ju 6—B*
 WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The Mysterious Neises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Sinmge Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiii,—* —'".tinii, he. a. .imrle.
 12|cts —10 copies for 91* Orders by mail wilfbe
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 919 to 929 requirec, and
 the agenf will ba indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mtr29 —4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Gran 4 Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvania.located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, ff-
 Applicat ions for Charters mast ba made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, CL P. S. No 168
 Pine Street^
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S.M No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 AJOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW- ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, R’form and In
 telligence generally
 WM. A. WHITE, asd CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources of nearly all
 crime, and in theeradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Chnstiau benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stone*,
 Letters from. Correspondent*, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matter*,Literary Noting*
 and Picking*, and a complete summary of the Newt
 tf the Week.
 93* The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum,
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for leas
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A WHITE.
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure. —In another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Cha4%es
 Monde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country Ol
 Dr. W. as a political! efugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well aa the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,‘will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of die loveliest
 amT healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and die
 public, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Rnggles’ Water-CureEstablishinent at Bensonville,
 24 miles from the Nordflahpton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 frortb Boston,
 and 5 from’Albany.situated in one of the pWasenteet
 rallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sua»
 plied with die purest, softest and coldest granjffi
 water. The air is pore and healthy, and the cliqt»
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacioM
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposed, such aa largo plunge baths,
 douches and airy lugging rooms fug about 50 pa
 tie.uts,separate for either sex, a gymnasium, cic.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessuitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-svsieni,
 made on the part of those sufferers, who may confide
 themselves to him.
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 .10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and ttm public, that one of die firm has
 no* returned froSDEurope, where he has been pur
 chasing, \V« have received the LON DON AND
 FRENCH FAfiffiflONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which w£ ate very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, he., of die richest and most fashionable
 materials in use,. such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, INli AND ALL,
 CALL a9d SEE rOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 w&amp;ranled in the assertion that oer prices at e at
 least 25 per cent, less .ban the materials cam be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up iu a more supe
 rior mam er ttian they can get mini made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at #3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rirk Black Silks, 1 irk Safin, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 Sin
 The 014 C«r#sity Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various “odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 U», keep Tbe Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 poy liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices, i
 {Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office Iron No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 housa No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Ikankfhl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me wfthytheir pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operatieos performed by see on the
 i teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 18, 1848. tf.
ALOIS'S COL vim&lt;&gt;
 W* All Ike mediciae* advertised by VF. B. Sloea
 r *»W Pw A Willi., Wia.losr Yonatf Be
 Chester; 8. Kensbaw, Frankfort; A. 9. Bairato
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Fry*, BrocAport; Cafe*
 Pittaford; W. WiUnmt, BuftUo; nd by
 most druggists throughout the United State.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 S' LOAN’S OINTMENT jo now ousemUv
 knowledges! to be an infidliible remedy, ia n%ry
 case wberu it ha* been faithfully applied on tba bn.
 man system, for promoting liwensiible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in iu healing
 qualities the world does not produce ita equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and beat Fami
 ly Ointment that ha. ever been used. All disease,
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Ot.il-
 Mains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipple., Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the free, side, back, and the
 other parts of the system, Boila, Ulcers, Scald
 Heud, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, ami every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inframmatiuo
 are permanently cured b/this sjreat remedy
 Grand Depot, 40. Lake at., Chicago, 111.
 DOCTORING IN HALINA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir. Almut three years age
 I was severely injured in one of uiy legs by the
 falling of a pike ot wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy ami improper treatment my other leg be
 came a. had as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again- but in order
 that I might neglect no means .nun my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o e my surprise and
 gratitude bettei than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using tbs
 second box.
 Tka— tuu-Ls I make known that others a (Rioted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
 ON HIS ANDS AND INKS.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, wu
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were Covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing paia and much
 affliction, many times he wan obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill ol
 several physicians; but to our surprise hio Met are
 now perfectly smooth soft and lire from -racks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, I would’say
 the boy put it on himseff as an experiment uf his
 own, from hearing in recommit lxled. Nothin more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at wfetZ
 his feet were near about in a healthy .tats, uud are
 now the same as though they never had I«MW other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PAI SB.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, If 09.
 rtVK LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Win., March I.INE
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: In mj opinion
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to he a fact, I have a case in point,
 to Wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan kaUs, was
 crippled two years with Jive large deep ulcere, just
 above the ankle. The leg whs so much sw&gt;l'eu lie
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated in.
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my adv.ee.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and ttwihd two
 of the sores. The other three I labored i A liN the
 first of February, without much if any benefit, whaa
 I gave him a box ot Sloan’s Ointment, emt
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 VV. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you mv unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my dwigh
 ler’s clollies caught fire, and before the fianis oukl
 be extinguished, they were all burnt »o cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Oiriimint
 was recommended, amliwed witli success—ii gyre
 perfectgelief! It is needless to add chut the child is
 now well and about her business The medicine is
 all and more titan it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should ha. ait iu their pameaa
 sic...
 I feel indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medfc’ine, I
 am ready and wilting to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN JL CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., I
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Pwrtty, Mildneta, Safety, Certainty
 and Thvruughnest SLf)Al\‘S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all otiier Ointments ana
 Liniments now in use for the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills ol all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalfs, Poll
 Evil, Cailus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sit&amp;st,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 Tlie Powder will remove all intiammatiou and
 fever, purify tlie blood, loosen the skin, demise the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 ML proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue irom hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism’
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a sqfo m&lt;l certain remedy for coughs and colds
 which generate so many fetal diseases.
 Grand Depot, 40 I-akest.)cJBS^llino’.s.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot he said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighlxirs, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with conh
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease w hich the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM anil teg* for your*
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ,
 HIGHLY SPOKEN W.
 Extract from the ‘Waukesha Democrat,* Mi*.
 May 9,1848,
 “Sloan’s &amp;1 edicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the room of New Bei lin, requests us to sdfe
 that helms «Md Mr. Sloan’s Horae Ointment W
 several Mwktnces during the past winter, and
 always wWA the desired effect, and wishes us IN
 recommend it to those who have the use and cm*
 of horse*. Mr. Sloan’s nadicines are high!*
 spoken of generally, and few the fevorable ac
 quaintance we have with that genttewian, we are led
 to believe that they are prepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 RATTLE SNAKE BIT*.
 Or. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir —Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 hods badly bitten on the nose by Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the ham, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In loss than dm Wvr the
 swelling began to abate, and ia twenty four hows it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, but was actually put m
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Chicago, (HU) June
 Washington, North Carolina.
 Mr. Fowfe.-Dear Sir:— Hervey Hi
 o "*tf2w moJ
 ,Kl h te e«jo&gt;* good
 heath. V*ty respectfully yours,.
 WM-A/shTw, M. D.”
 Beaufort County, North Carntiau. 3
 Chocowtntty, near Wash., 12th Aa*. B47*
 The undersigned, feeling grateful for the relief
 Urts UM Dr Wistai’s Balsam of
 W lid Cherry, deems that it is but an act of justice
 to say, that but for the uscof that valuable remedy
 bis wife, lond affiietedwith whet she and all others
 considered Consumption, would have probably been
 ere this, in tier grave. But all the dangerous and
 unpleaseut symptoms bars bean removed hy the use
 of a few bottle*, sod she now attends to her daily
 avocations as usual. HERVEY Hill,
 Seth W. Eowte, Druggist, .No. 148 Washington
 street, Boston, Mas#., is tt the sole proprietor of the
 origin?! leceipt for the maafecture of the genuine
 maioine, and supphes both at
 and of whom agenriescan he obtained 4
 Always signed I. BUTTS if g—'
 I V'- -~er V
