More Negro excitement in Philadelphia}
 —The first “Fugitive” cate there—The
 law enforced.—Judge Grier’s opinion,
 Tuesday afternoon, an alleged fugitive
 slave was arrested by one ot the deputy mar*
 shals. He was arrested while at wrrk as a
 hod carrier, on Ridge Road, near Poplar
 street, at the instance of Thomas P. Jones,
 of Cecil county, Maiyland.—The name of
 the prisoner was Henry Garnet, and he ap
 peared to be about twenty-seven years of age.
 It appears that he has been absent from his
 master for eight years, and during that time
 haa been residing in different parts of this
 city and county.
 The prisoner being arraigned before J udge
 Grier, he claimed counsel, through a colored
 friend, when Mr. Pierce appearedin that ca
 pacity. Mr. Pierce made a motion to post
 pone the case for a further hearing, which
 was carried, for the purpose, no doubt of
 affording Chas. Gibbons opportunity to at
 tend.
 The right of property was traced through
 several wills to the present owner, but when
 the identity was about being established, the
 motion to postpone was made, and further
 proceedings were stopped.
 Jjidge Grier in commenting upon the case,
 said that this (the motion to postpone) was
 a precipituous proceeding; yet he desired to
 give the prisoner a fair opportunity to procure
 proper defence; and if he had proceeded in a
 summary manner, it would be owing to the
 ill advice the colored population were receiv
 iri£f Tl»wo«te Jku A Know l**y m.J*
 the force of the law, and many paragraphs
 appeared in the newspapers inciting the color
 ed population to resist the provisions of the
 statue in relation to the fugitives. He was
 determined to maintain the full power and
 majesty of the law. If reliance was at
 tempted, he would invoke the aid of the mili
 tary, and jn order to pieserve the sanctity of
 the Court, the most stringent measures would
 be resorted to. He warned tne colored popu
 lation from using violence.
 The laws of Pennsylvania make it illegal
 to place the prisoner in any of the jails of the
 country. The Marshal is responsible for his
 security, and, therefore Marshal Roberts took
 the fugitive into custody. The deportment
 of Mr. Jones, throughout the proceedings,
 was calm and courteous.
 Although his prsition was exceedingly em
 barrassing he evinced no trepidation, but ap
 peared like one deteimined to maintain his
 rights administered by the law. The law
 must be maintained at every hazard
 This affaii, of course, ha 9 caused an im
 mense sensation among out coloted population.
 Being the first arrest made under the new
 law, in this county, it has awakened many
 fugitive slaves to a sense of their true posi
 tion. They may be incited to violence by bad
 ed risers.
 From tlie Philadelphia Ledger of Saturday.
 The Fugitive Slave Case. —The hearing
 in the case of Henry Garnet, colored, who
 was arrested on T hursday as a fugitive from
 labor, from Cecil county, Maryland, was re
 sumed yesterday morning before Judges Grier
 and Kane, in the U. S. Circuit Court. The
 prisoner, during Thursday night, was kept
 in the custody of the 1). S. Marshal, and as
 no provision has been made in this State for
 such prisoners, he was not removed from the
 court house.
 Mr. Hugh W. Tener appeared on the part
 of the claimant, and Messrs. Robert P.
 Kane, David Paul Brown, Charles Gibbons,
 and William S. Pierce, in behalf.of Garnei.
 Judge Grier explained to the respondent’s
 counsel that ihe prisoner was charged with
 being a fugitive from labor for a term of
 years which was to cease upon his attaining
 the age of thirty years, under a will of Mar
 garet Sanders, the alleged former owner of
 the respondent.
 Mr. Tener opened the case. He said that
 he was desirous to submit the facts to the
 Court without comment, and that if they
 were not satisfactory to the Court he would
 not object to the discharge of the prisoner.
 He then offeied in evidence the will of Mar
 garet Sanders, bearing dale December 9lh,
 1838, and the will of Benedict Jones to
 Thomas Price Jones, the legatee and execu
 tor of the same, and who now makes the
 claim before the Court.
 Mr. Gibbons objected to this evidence, on
 the ground that the papers were not so certi
 fied under the acts of Congress as to admit of
 their admission, ar.d cited the authorities
 which sustained his objection.
 The Judge decided against admitting the
 papers, and clearly pointed out the course
 which the claimant ought to have pursued in
 prosecuting his claim under the late act of
 Congress. He said the party should have
 gone befote a Judge or Magistrate and had
 his papers properly certified. The case ought
 to be made out at home, and then nothing
 would be necessary but to prove the identity
 of the prisoner as the individual, so show n to
 have been a fugitive from labor.
 Mr. Tener then proceeded to show that
 Henry Garnei is a slave, and the circum
 stances of the case, by verbal evidence.
 Richaid Sensans, sworn—l live in Phila
 delphia; I have lived in Cecil courtly, Mary
 land; left there a year ago last September; I
 knew a colored boy in Cecil county; it is said
 he was a slave; he was in the employ of
 Benedict Jones and Price Jones, who claimed
 him as their slave; 1 kew him twelve years
 ago, at the time he left; 1 was born in Kent
 county, and removed to Cecil; I fust became
 acquainted with the boy in 1848; he was then
 in Mr. Benedict Jones’ employ, whose slave
 it was said he was; I can’t say how long he
 continued in Mr. Johes’ employ; he left Mr.
 Jones’ employ in 1842; he was recognized in
 the neighborhood as a slave; when he escaped
 he was in Benedict Jones’ employ, and said
 to be his slave; I believe him to be his slave;
 I have seen the prisoner at the bar; he is the
 same person: 1 have no doubt at all; Benedict
 Jones died since 1 have been in this city; it
 was said this man was a slave for a term of
 years, how long 1 can’t say; 1 heard he was
 to be free in time; he was reported lobe 17
 yours old when he left; when he ran away his
 time had not expired; he was not set free by
 Mi Jones.
 Two other witnesses weie examined, but
 t.o mat-rial facts weie disclosed.
 John W. Jones was called as a witness, but
 objected by Mr. Brown, on the ground of be
 ing a party in interest —he being a son of
 the late Benedict Jones.
 Mr. Tener asked the court to allow the
 claimant until this morning for the purpose of
 having his documents properly attested, and
 the case brought before the court in accord
 ance with the rules laid down in the law.
 Mr. Brown suongly opposed this motion,
 contending that as the law was a stringent
 one, the giving of every advantage to the
 claimant would be a monstrous perversion of
 justice. The party had had ample time to
 prepare his case, and having began erroneous
 ly, the prisoner ought not to be kept in cus
 tody until Mr Jcnes can make up the deficien
 cy of his case. The precedent would be a
 bad one, and followed by all in subordinate
 positions who act for the courts; besides, one
 side was just as much entitled to a postpone
 ment as the other, and in the mean time the
 prisoner would jjfctaorived of the most
 estimable of aiUMPMus liberty.
 The Court afkmst any futiher ex
 tension of time. MKjghi years’ delay had al
 ready been had’ih reclaiming the slave, and
 the Marshal was under great responsibility,
 and he did ndf fee) disposed to add to his re
 sponsibility, if he could avoid it. He was
 disposed to give justice aa well to the master
 as to the slave—but the master must prove
 his case to the veiy letter—he should have
 his pound of flesh, but no note. —Even an
 ti fart case bad not been made out, and a*
 the Legislatnre of the Slate has forbidden the
 use of jails in the Commonwealth for securing
 fugitive slaves, the prisoner was ordered to
 he discharged.
 In the coarse of the hearing, Judge Grier
 stated ih*t he had preferred that tire case
 should come Wore the court instead of a
 United States Commissioner, so that the
 practice should be established, sod the pro-
oeedmgs in future cnees be conducted regu
 larly.
 The excitement among the crowd was in
 tense, but it exhibited itself in no act of in
 decorum, until the discharge of Garret was
 announced, when the most boisterous cheer
 ing followed. He was received by his friends
 with most extravagant tokens of joy, and
 was borne off the ground with incredible
 speed. So ended the first case brought in
 this city undeT the new Fugitive Slave Law
 of the United States.
 From the Philadelphia North American of Saturday.
 As the liberated black man was leaving the
 Court, a cry was raised by some persons
 laboring under mistake, that he was escaping.
 In his alarm he ran thaough Independence
 Square, pursued by officers and spectators,
 and jumped over the iron railing into Sixth
 street. Officer Wm. Wood, of the city
 police, having his attention attracted by the
 mob, and not understanding the case, but very
 naturally supposing the negro to bo fleeing
 from justice, headed him off snd endeavored
 to stop him. He and the negio man came in
 violent collision, and the latter desperately
 assailed him. and seising hia finger in his
 mouth, came near biting it off. Mr Wood
 was beset by a number of blacks, and han
 dled with great roughness. One of the color
 ed mob, a mulatto man, named James Berry,
 cried out to the test to kill the white
 meaning officer Wood. This man, with an
 other colored man named John Foreman, was
 arrested and taken before the Mayor, who
 &lt;.cr« ,Hem id nan m luw eacn rtj answer
 the charges of assaulting and resisting the
 officer* and inciting to riot.
 There were vatious rumors as to threats
 of open and armed resistance on the part of
 the colored population, aided by intemperate
 and reckless while men, to the execution of
 the fugitive Slave Law, but no demonstration
 of this kind was made.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Opinion oi Mr.
 Crittenden.
 Attorney General's Office,
 18th September, 1850. J
 Sir: 1 have had the honor to receive your
 note of this date, informing me that the bill
 commonly called the Fugitive Slave Bill,
 having passed both Houses of Congress, had
 been submitted to you for your consideration,
 approval and signature, and requesting my
 opinion whether the sixth section of that act,
 and especially the last clause of that section,
 conflicts with the provision of the Constitu
 tion which declares that the privilege of the
 writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended,
 unless when, in cases of rebellion orinvasin,
 the public safety may require it?”
 It is my clear conviction that there is noth
 ing in the last clause, nor in any pait ot the
 sixth section, nor indeed in any part of the
 provisions of the act, which suspends, or was
 intended to suspend, the privilege of the writ
 of habeas corpus, or is in any manner in con
 flict with the Constitution.
 The act of the 12th February, 1793, be
 fore alluded to, so far as it respects any con
 stitutional question that can arise out of this
 bill, is identical with it. It authorizes the
 like arrest of ihe fugitive Blave, the like trial,
 he like judgement, the like certificate, with
 the like authority to the owner, by virtue ot
 that certificate as his warrant, to remove him
 to the State of Territory from w'hich he es
 caped. And the constitutionality of that act,
 in all those particulars, has been affirmed by
 the adjudications of State tribunals, and by
 the Courts of the U. States, without a single
 dissent, so far as I know. [Baldwin's C. C.
 R., 575, 579.]
 1 conclude, therefore, that so far as the act
 of the 12th February, 1793, has been held to
 be constitutional, this bill must also be so re
 garded, and that the custody, restraint, and
 removal, to which the fugitive slave may be
 subjected, under the provisions of this bill,
 are all lawful, and that the certificate to be
 granted to the owner is to be regarded as the
 act and judgment of all judicial tribunal hav
 ing competent jurisdiction.
 With these remarks as to the constitution
 ality of the genera] provisions of the bill, and
 the consequent legality of the custody and
 confinement to which the fugitive slave may
 be subjected under it, I proceed to a brief con
 sideration of the more particular question you
 have propounded in reference to the writ of
 habeas corpus, and of the last clause of the
 sixth section, above quoted, which gives rise
 to that question.
 Myopiuion.as before expressed, is, that
 there is nothing in that clause or section
 whi'-h conflicts with, or suspends, or wa9 in
 tended to suspend the privilege of the writ of
 habeas corpus. I think so, becaue the bill
 says not a word about that writ; because, by
 the Constitution, Congress is expressly for
 bidden to suspend the privilege of this writ,
 “unless w hen in cases of rebellion oi invasion
 ihe public safety may requite it,” and there
 fore the suspension by this act (there being
 neither rebellion nor invasion) would be a
 plain and palpable violation of the Constitu
 tion, and no intention to commit such a vio
 lation of the Constitution, of their duty, and
 their oaths, ought to be imputed to them
 upon mere constructions and implications; and
 thirdly, because there is no incompatibility
 between these provisions of the bill and the
 privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, in its
 utmost constitutional latitude.
 Congress, iri the case of fugitive slaves, as
 in all other cases within the cope of its con
 stitutional authority, has the unquestionable
 right to ordain and prescribe, for what causes,
 to what extent, and in what manner persons
 may be taken into custody, detained or im
 prisoned. Without this power they could not
 fulfil their constitutional trust, nor peiform the
 ordinary and necessary duties of government.
 It was never heard that the exercise of that
 legislative power was any encroachment upon
 or suspension of the privilege of the habeas
 corpus. It is only by some confusion of ideas
 that such a conflict can be supposed tc exist.
 It is not within the province or privilege of
 this great writ to loose those whom the law
 has bound. That would be to put a writ
 granted by the law, in opposition to the law
 —to make one part ot the law destructive of
 the other. This writ follows the law, and
 obevs the law. It is issued upon proper com
 plaint, to make inquiry into the cause of com
 mitment or imprisonment, and its sole remedi
 al power and purpose is to deliver the party
 from “all manner of illegal confiement.”
 (3 Black. Com., 131.) If, upon application
 to the Couit or Judge for this writ, or if, upon
 its return, it shall appear that the coafinement
 complained of was just and lawful, ihe writ
 in the first instance would be refused, and in
 the last the parly would be remanded to his
 former lawful custody.
 The condition of one in custody as a fugi
 tive slave, under this law, so far as respects
 the wiitof habeas corpus, is precisely the
 same as that of all other prisoners under the
 laws of the 13. States. The privilege of that
 writ remains alike to all of them, but to be
 judged of—granted or refused—discharged or
 enforced —by the p.oper tribunal, according
 to the circumstances of each case, and as the
 commitment and detention may appear to be
 legal or illegal.
 The whole effect of the law may be thus
 briefly stated. Congress has constituted a
 tribunal with exclusive jurisdiction, to deter
 mine summarily, and without appeal, who are
 fugitives from service or labor under the 2d,
 section of the fourth article of the Constiiu
 tion, and to whom such service or labor in
 due. The judgment of every tribunal or ex
 clusive jurisdiction, where no appeal lies, is
 of necessity conclusive upon evety other tri
 bunal, and therefore the judgment of the
 tribunal created by this act is conclusive upon
 all tribunals. Whether this judgement is
 made to ap|*ar, it is conclusive of the right
 of the owner to letain in his custody the
 fugitive from his service, and to remove him
 back to the place or Stale from which he es
 caped. If it is shown upon the application of
 the fugitive for a writ of habeas corpus, it
 prevents the issuing of the writ—if upon the
 return, it discharges the writ and restores or
 maintains the custody.
Thia view of the law of this ease is fully I
 sustained by the decision of the Supreme
 Csurt of the United States in the ease of To
 bias Watkins, where the Court refused to
 discharge, upon tne ground that he was w
 custody under the sentence of a court of
 competent jurisdiction, and that judgment was
 conclusive upon them. (3 Pet., 905.)
 The expression used in the last clause of
 the sixth section, that the certificate therein
 alluded to “shall prevent all molestation” of
 the persona to whom granted, “by any pro
 cess issued/’ die., probably mean only what
 the act of 1793 meant, by declaring a certi
 ficate under that act a sufficient warrant for
 the removal of a fugitive, and certainly do not
 mean a suspension of the habeas corpus.
 I conclude by tepeating my conviction, that
 there is nothing in the bill in question which
 conflicts with the Constitntion, or suspends or
 was intended to suspend the privilege of the
 writ of habeas corpus.
 1 have the honor to be, very respectfully,
 air your obedient servant
 J. J. CRITTENDEN,
 To the President.
8 Who are Abortionists.
 i T L t
 It haft become fashionable, of late, in the
 w Northern States, to brand every man who
 f ventures to express an opinion hostile to the
 institution of slavery, as an abolitionist. No
 matter how devoted to the Union the individ
 g ual may be; no matter how unimpeachable
 may be his integrity; if he dates to exercise
 .i&amp;t.. a. Aceuioii, in giving utterance to
 his honest convictions respecting tbe odious
 institutions of slavery; if he presumes to call
 ih® justice and humanity of the
 Fugitive Slave Law, he is denounced as an
 ‘'abolitionist,” an “incendiary,” an enemy of
 the Constitution.
 This cry of “mad dog,” is raised by par
 ties who place a higher value upon Southern
 votes than upon the principles of morality or
 religion. According to their code of morality,
 the slave-catcher or kidnapper, is a respect
 able character, compared to the unhappy in
 dividual whom they think proper to character
 ize as an “abolitionist.”
 It is time that all the free men should pro
 test against this intolerance; and the most ef
 fective protestation which can be made
 against it, is an explicit declaration of princi
 ples on the part of all those who hold slavery
 to be a curse, who regard the institution with
 abhoirence, and who earnestly desire to see
 it forever abolished from the land.
 According to the practical defination of ab
 olitionist i, given by the parties above tefeued
 to, every honest man in the Northern States,
 deserves he title of abolitionists. Who is
 therein tus country that does not hold sla
 vety to be a curse 1 What man is there in
 the North that would not, if he could, to-mor-
 I row, banit h it for ever from the country
 We do not know of any such. The cry,
 therefore, of “Abolitionist,” is as senseless as
 it is wicked, and the duty of every honest
 man is to troat it with contempt.
 For our part, if an intense hatred of slavery,
 a fixed determination to oppose its farther ex
 tension, and an anxious desire to see it who!
 ly abolished, if this constitute an abolitionist,
 then do we cheerfully accept the title. More
 over, if hostility to the Fugitive Slave Law,
 and a steady resolve to labor for its repeal, 01
 modification, if this be abolitionism, than are
 we willing to be called an “Abolitionist.”
 We are devotedly attached to the Union,
 but attachment to the Union does not wiih us
 involve attachment to slavery, attachment to
 crime. We are the friends of the Constitu
 tion, but friendship to' tbe Constitution does
 not, in our philosophy, mean enmity to free
 dom, enmity to humanity, enmity to justice,
 morality and religion.— N. Y. Sun.
Fugitive Slave Bill.—The conduct of a
 portion of the northern people in preventing
 the citizens of the slaveholding States from
 recapturing fugitives slaves, has generated
 more ill-feeling between the opposite extremes
 of the Union, than any other cause put to
 gether. It was indeed a crying evil, and
 demanded the immediate legislation of Con
 gress. We are glad to discover* that the
 members from every section have taken a pro
 per view of its importance, and that the Sen
 ate has passed the bill which was befure that
 body, with such provisions and amendments
 as will likely be satisfactory to the South. We
 have not seen the bill, but understand that
 southern Senators were requested and allowed
 to make it as*stringent as possible, and so to
 to frame it as, jn future, to the rights
 and property of their constituents. It is
 stated in the telegraph notices of the bill that
 all Marshals of the United States, are bound
 to execute all warrants for the appiehension
 of fugitive slaves, and safely keep such as
 they may arrest under a penalty of $lOOO.
 Any person obstructing or hindering the
 claimant from arresting his slave is subject to
 alike fine of $lOOO. Ills thus to be hoped
 that, if the House does its duty, the Causes of
 complaint and dissatisfaction may, one by
 one, be removed during the present session,
 and the country lesioted to peace. This is
 the ardent wish of every friend of the Con
 stitution, every patriot of the Union. The
 enemies of either will be silenced in the gen
 eral rejoicing.— Columbus Ga. Enquirer.
Incediarism.— The panic among our South
 ern brethren seems growing to a fearful hight.
 It is not only Abolition tracts they fear but
 Abolition candles are dreaded as incendiary.
 Hear the Richmond Inquirer:
 "A few days since we were surprised to
 hear that out merchants still continue to pur
 chase and sell the candles manufactured by
 Jackson, the noted Abolitionist, who shows
 his gratitude for the tteasure drawn from
 Southern pattonage, by urging on the Anti-
 Slavery fanatics to the most deadly aggres
 sions on Southern rights and properly. We
 trust to see this 'informed altogether,’non-in
 tercourse, in such a case, is a vital matter of
 self-defence.”
 To this the Southern Press adds:
 "Henceforth therefore, the candles if not
 the politics ot the Abolitionists, are to be
 resisted. They may take our territory, but
 we are determined not to take their candles!
 never, never, never, at all hazards and to the
 last extremity/’
 '1 he fears of the Southerners are not, we
 confess, altogether unreasonable in this mat
 ter. If theie are any candles that would
 sputter at a slaveholder they are our friend
 Jackson’s.— A. S. Standard.
The North Ruined! —To the Editors of
 the Charleston Mercury (30ih) Messrs.
 Editors:—"For good and sufficient reasons
 me thereunto moving,” 1 have determined
 hereafter to use
 No Northern Coaster to carry my crop.
 No Northern Cloth for my Negroes’cloilt
 ing.
 No Noithern Shoes, if others can be ob
 tained.
 No Northern Soap, Candles, Flour, or
 (Ohio) Bacon.
 No Northern Potatoes, Cabbagisa, Fruit
 or Hay.
 No Northern Butter, Cheese, or Pr*
 served Fish.
 No Northern Refined Sugar.
 And, in fact, nothing that is produced at
 the North that can possibly be procured from
 any other region, and I would respectfully
 suggest the same course to others thst will
 be pursued by—A Planter.
 The Charleston News says the planters of
 the State have come to the determination to
 employ no more Noithern coaaters. Capt.
 Conklin, who.has been fifteen years at the
 business, has been compelled to leave the
 State in quest of business.— N. Y. Evang.
 ID* The Toronto Globe understands thst
 G. P. R. James, the novelist, has rented a
 hocae in Toronto, and is about to lake up bis
 residence in that city.
 We see from one of the American papers
 that Miss Bremer has paid a visit to Fred
 erick Douglass, —London Inquirer,
I A Fugitive Escaped.—The Chicago
 Democrat say*: On Thesday a fugitive was
 “pul through by daylight” for Canada, under
 the following ciieu instances, which are too
 good to be lost. A slave escaped a few day*
 since from one of the back counties of Mia
 eouri and came to this State. His pursuers
 hearing that he was in.Quincv, 111., passed
 over to that city, taking with them another
 •lave who was to identify the runaway, and
 whom they hired from his owner at ao much
 per diem, giving a guarantee that they would
 return him "in good order and condition" as
 when received. At Quincy they were in
 formed the runaway had taken the under
 ground track for Chicago; and forthwith they
 proceeded to this city, bringing their 'man
 who was to identify the fugitive along with
 them. Here, however, they received the un
 kindest cut of all. In ibe first place, the in
 dividual was not here and never have been;
 in the next place, the colored people got
 their heads together,’gave the negro they
 brought with them for identification purposes
 a hint as to how "things was working,” and
 on Thursday evening they ahipped him offby
 rail to Canada, where by this time he is safe
 ly set down beyond the reach of bis pursu
 ers; they, poor fellows, decamped for the
 South the same evening, their departure being
 hastened by a thre« of "tar and feathers”
 from the excited colored population, who are
 up in arms, and nightly, as well as daily, on
 the watch for white gentlemen with sallow
 complexions and broad rimmed hats.
Congress.— After one of the longest, and
 certainly one of the moat disgraceful Ses
 sions ever held by the National Legislature,
 Congress has adjourned, to the great relief of
 the people, leaving what mischief they bad
 plotted, and were unable to accomplish, to
 the next Session, which will assemble in two
 months. That they have served their mas
 ter, the Slave Power, to the full extent of
 their ability, is too evident for doubt; and
 that they have not done all that Southern ar
 rogance and avarice demanded, ia owing to
 the force of a public opinion which they could
 not resist. That the most greedy of slave
 holders could ask more, or grumble at their
 failure, is an astounding proof of thsir ingrat
 itude, and their unappeasable appetite for do
 minion.
 The Bill to abolish Flogging in the Navy
 has passed the Senate, and that barbarous
 practice, is for ever at an end. There is one
 concession to the humane spirit of the age,
 made jn the face of a strong opposition from
 the South, and some of their Northern tools,
 at which we may rejoice. The Spirit Ra
 tions are not abolished. The Mileage Re
 form, Cheap Postage, internal improvements,
 and other important measures, are sacrificed
 for the interests of the slavery propagandists
 and slave-hunteis. So may we expect all
 our legislation to bend to Slavery, so long as
 it is the favored monopoly of the Govern
 ment.—Penn. Freeman.
The Fugitive Slvve Bill—lts Execu
 tion the true test or the Union.—The
 spirit of opposition manifested in Western
 Pennsylvania, New York City, and Spring
 field, Massachusetts, to the execution of the
 Fugitive Slave Bill points to the true test of
 the permanence of our Union. Those South
 ern men, who now advocate Disunion, de
 clare the belief that the public sentiment of
 the free States is so hostile to Slavery as to
 make it impossible for the slaveholding
 Slates to protect their rights under a common
 Government. If this opinion of the strength
 of Northern prejudices were acquiesced in
 generally by the Southern peeple, there would
 be, and ought to be, no hope of preserving
 the Union. But, up to this time, very few
 in the South have been able to persuade them
 selves of the incompatibility ot Northern and
 Southern sentiments. The extremists of the
 North now threaten rebellion to a law of Con
 gress, which does Nothing mote than guaran
 tees our undeniable rights. If the mass of
 the people do not discountenance these threats,
 antf do not manifest their purpose to respect
 the law, the value of the Union will begin to
 be calculated in earnest. Here is an issue
 about which there cannot be two Southern
 opinions. —Richmond Fia.) Times
"Gknerou* Sentiments” across the
 Atlantic. Kossuth in captivity from
 which speedy liberation to him—writing to
 General Cass—-calls that officer "a worthy in
 terpreter of the generous sentiments of the
 great American people.” The brave Hun
 garian may not know, perhaps, that certain
 sentiments of the great American people re
 quire interpretation, and that of a very partial
 kind, to be understood j|s generous. Thir
 notion of human flesh being—tf black—“a
 species of properly.” bespeaks a sentiment
 rather slioit of generosity. The sentiments,
 too, which dictated their recent law, in re
 gard to runaway slaves, need a clever inter
 preter to reconcile them with antything like
 nobility or magnanimity, except a magnani
 mous contempt of the Christian religion, and
 a noble disregard of common justice and hu
 manity.—Punch.
The Slavocrahc Press of this city is
 mighty busy with efforts to induce a quiet
 acquiescence by the people in the enforce
 ment of the Kidnapping bill. But its wick
 edness is quite all wasted. It will serve nei
 ther the conductors of that press nor its
 Southern friends. Some one has said; "Sin
 is too precious to be wasted.” We have no
 recollection ot having before witnessed such
 a waste of that "precious” article as is now
 made by the slavocralic press of Boston. Its
 managers might enrich themselves by a wise
 expenditure of one tithe of the amount which
 they now throw so recklessly away. The
 people will not quietly submit to be kidnap
 ped. They want no peace which is not in
 the Apostolic order: "fimt pure, then peace
 able;” and God forbid that they should.—
 Chronotype.
ID 3 The Union (Father Ritchie) thus ex
 horts ‘the Nationals’ with reference to the
 approaching New York Election:
 "The times are big with danger—you must
 not shrink. Your country demands your
 most earnest exertions, shall she demand them
 in vain' Wings or th* Sotun, what say ye?
 Are you ready to coalesce with Messrs. Hunt
 and Seward? Can you all lie down peaceful
 ly together in the same truckle-bed? 'Are
 you sure that while Seward is bargaining and
 tinriguing to get your votes, some Chaplin,
 Smith, or other humble follower, niay not
 steal your servant who is brushing your boot
 or cooking your dinner? It will be well to
 keep your eye on these worthy confederates
 in upholding the great Whig cause. Their
 political principles and practices may not be
 equally profitable and agreeable to you.
Judson Hutchinson Insane. Judaon
 Hutchinson, one of the members of the
 “Hulchinson Family,” arrived in this city
 from the west, on Fiiday, in a state of insan
 ity, induced by an attack of brain fever, at
 Cleveland, Ohio. He remained at the resi
 dence of Rev. S. J. May, until yesterday
 morning, when he left for the east, in com
 pany with the remainder of the “Family,”
 who returned from the west with him. His
 condition is very unsatisfactory, and it is the
 design of bis friends to take him to the'lnsane
 Asylum at Worceatet, in hopes of effecting a
 cure. It is said that the fever which produc
 ed this terrible malady, was caused by the op
 eiation of Mesmerism. Insanity, however, is
 hereditary in the family.— Syr.'Standard.
 The Cleveland Taut Democrat very
 truly gives an idea which we commend to the
 special attention of the false Democrat of the
 Boston Poet. It is a* follows:-
 “"lhe Fugitive Law applies to wans ap
 prentices, and all whites who owe set vice. If
 the employer be cruel, harsh, tyrannical, the
 poor boy, the white who owes service, has no
 remedy. If he seeks another and happier
 home, that employer—his master, now under
 the Fugitive Law—may seise him with or
 without process, and compel hire against any
 and all proof, to be virtually his slave.
Philadelphia, Oct. 18.
 The Foeinn Siate Cam m Philadel
 phia.—Tbe examination of the Negro charged
 with being a Fugitive from Maryland, waa
 continued this morning. A tremendous
 crowd of Blacka and Whiten assembled in
 front of the Court House.—The officer■ re
 fused to admit reporters. After a hearing,
 the Negro was discharged by Judge Grier.
 The excitement on his beia| set free was in
 describable, his eery clothes were torn from
 his back by his colored brethren.— Trib 1
Prediction. —The New York Herald
 **y« “The piesent administration at
 Washington have great capacity—mighty
 talent—wonderful tact, for the ormaaM for
 eign and domestic affairs of the republic; bui
 for the terrible anti-slavery crisis now re
 opening by Seward, Weed dec., they have
 neither moral courage, moral energy, nor
 moral tact, at all sufficient to meet the emer
 gency. Mr. Fillmoie and his cabinet will be
 Tylerized in six weeks time by Seward and
 Weed. Mark that prediction.”
Anti-Slavery Meetings la Western If
 David Green Wheelbanks, a Fugitive
 Slave, will hold Anti-Slavery meetings on
 Sunday, Oct. 90, at East Henrietta.
 Monday, 21, at Webster.
 Tuesday, 22, at Ontario.
 W*d«uMdaj&gt;. Oct. 23. at West Walworth.
 Thursday, 24, at Walworth.
 Friday, 25, at Palmyra.
 Saturday, 20, at Marion.
 Monday, 28, at Williamson.
 Tuesday, 29, at Pultneyville.
 Wednesday, 30, at Sodus.
 Thursday, SI, at Red Creek.
 Friday, Nov. 1, at Oswego.
 Saturday, 2, at Fulton.
 Monday, 4, at Baldwinaville.
 Tuesday, 5, at Jordan.
 Wednesday, 6, at Weedsport.
 Thursday, 7, at Port Byron.
 Friday, 8, at Clyde.
 Saturday, 9, at Newark.
 Monday, 10, at Macedon.
 Tuesday, 11, at Egypt.
 Friends of the Slave we call upon you in
 this crisis to “do your duty.’’ Now is the
 time for action. Convene large meetings in
 your respective towns, to listen to the appeal
 of one who has felt the iron yoke of bondage
 and tasted the bitter cup of slavery. We
 commend D. G. Wheelbanks to your care and
 attention.
The North Star Fair.
 The Women’s Association” of Philadel
 phia intend holding their Second Annual
 Fair, for the support of the North Star, on
 Christmas week.
 We feel that no great work can be rightly
 done unless men and women co-operate.
 To our male friends, whom we found
 helps-mete” for our first Fair, we look
 earnestly and confidently. Brothers, you will
 not fail us!
 To secure the hearty co-operation of breth
 ren and friends, at home and abroad, we be
 lieve it is only necessary to announce our
 intention.
 Donations of Paintings, Engravings, Fancy
 Needlework, articles of food, &amp;c., will be
 gratefully received by any member of the
 Committee.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS.
Receipts
 For thr North Star, from tht 24 th to the 31r/
 of October.
 Tbe Ladies of the Anti-Slavery Sewing Circle at
 Cincinnati. 1,00 00
 Charles Brigham 1,00
 J. Z. Brooks 2,00
 Thomas James 1,00
 C. C. Davis 1,00
 Z. W. Harlow 2,00
 Sarah D. Holmes 2,00
 Levi Salisbury 2,00
 Lilas Sisson 2,00
 Benjamin Johnson 2,00
 F. F. Bussed 1,00
 E. S. Warner 1,00
 John Young SO
 J.J. Walls 2,00
 R. White 2,00
 R. R. Wigliiman 1,00
 W. Tyman 1,00
 William Thomas 2,00
 D. F. Wetbeibee 2,00
 Mrs. Talman 2,00
DR WISTAR’S BALSAM OF WILD
 CHERRY.
 This celebrated and infalliable remedy was dis
 covered some ten years ago. Since that time it
 has, by its own merits, been rapidly, surely and
 safely working its way throung the opposition of
 qnaeks and counterfeiters, until by its true value
 and intrinsic excellence, it has gained for itself a
 most enviable popularity and establislied itself in
 the confidence of an intelligent and enlightened
 public, from one end of the contineut to tiie other.
 The testimony of thousands who have been relieved
 and cured by this valuable article, will show that it
 stands unrivnlled-at the heaJ of all other medicines
 for the cure ofdiseases for which it is recommended.
 The genuine Dr. Wistars Balsam of Wild Cherry is
 now lor sale by duly appointed agents, and all re
 spectable dealers in medicine, in all large cities and
 important towns throughout the United States,
 Canadas, and the British Provinces.
 CAUTION
 The original and only genuine
 W'istar's Balsam or Wild Cherry,
 was introduced In the year 1838, and has been well
 tester] in ail the complaints for which it is re
 commended. For ten rears it has proved more ef
 ficacious as aVemedy for Coughs, Colds, Influenza,
 Broachitiea, Asthma, and Consumption in its inci
 pient stages, than any other medicine.
 Always signeg I BUTTS on die wrapper.
Notice-monroe county, m.-sher-
 IFF’S OFFICE:—A GENERAL ELEC
 TION is to be held in the county of Monroe, oil the
 Tuesday succeeding the first Monday of November
 next,at which will be chosen the Officers mention
 ed in die notice from the Secretary of State, of
 which a copy thereof is hereto annexed.
 Date at Rochester, August 21st, 1860*
 OCTAVUS P. CHAMBERLAIN, Sheriff.
 S I'ATE OF NEW Y ORK.Secretary’g Office, To
 ALBANY, August 15th, 1869. Jihe
 Sheriff of the county of Monroe,—Sir, —Notice is
 hereby given, that at the GENERAL ELEC
 TION, to be held in thia State, on tbe Tuesday
 succeeding the first Monday of November next, the
 following officers are to be elected, to wit:
 A Governor, in place of Hamilton Fish.
 A Lieutenant Governor, in plnce of George W.
 Patterson.
 A Canal Commissioner, in place of Jacob Hinds.
 An Inspector of State Prisons, in place of David
 D. Spencer.
 A Clerk, of tbe Court of Appeals, in plnce of
 Chnrbe S. Benton.
 A Representative in the 32d Congress of the
 United States, for the Twenty-Eighth District in
 place of Abraham M. Schemierho. n
 COUNTY OFFICERS TO BE ELECTED
 FOR SAID CCUIdTY;
 Three Members of Assembly.
 A Superintendent iff the Poor, in place ot Wil
 liam Blossom.
 A District Attorney, in place of William S. Bish
 op.
 A Coroner in piece of Joseph Stone.
 All of wfaoee terms of office will expire on tbe
 last day ot December next.
 The Elector i throughout the State, are also to
 vote for or unziost the Repeal ofthe Act entitled "an
 Act Establishing Free Schools throughout the
 State.*' passed March 26tli, 1848— and an Act enti
 tled «.n Act to amend the Act emitted an Act Es-
 Yours respectfully,
 CHRISTOPHER MORGAN.
 Secretary of State.
2Ukoer!iBetntnto.
Job Frtatfsg!— M rriitlig t!
 CORNER OP BUFFALO ABD EXCHANGE STS.,
 OVER I. BXLDKN’S HARDWARE STORE.
 SMITH kOOUOH,
 Having recently mede-additions to their extensive
 Job Printing Office, sre prepared to execute all or
 ders with neatness and despatch, and on as liberal
 terms as any eteabtieh—i i n Western New fork
 —steam or no Menm. With a new ami improved
 card press from the works of Hoe db Co., and all
 the hte styles of type, wo flatter oarechres that our
 wwk of this kind cannot he surpassed. “Try Us.”
 Way Bills, Shipping BiUe.
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Books, Pagphlets, Ac., Ac.,
 Done ia style,'at short notice.
 C. SMITH. W. B. CLOUGH
014 Ladies Take Notice!
 IHAVE sow oa hand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BANDS, to cover up the
 Cy hair, and bald places upon the front part of the
 id and temples—and 1 will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought in the
 State.
 Call and see for yoarselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 hnir black.
 09*Cask paid for Human Ilair. ja 6 B*
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW REA DT.
 The Mysterleas Nelses
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Plienonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 12£cts —10 copies for 81. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 815 to 825 requires, and
 the agent will be indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar 29 —4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Tenperaaee.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghtei s of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, st.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, O. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, Q. 8. 8. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW-ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DETOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Reform and Jn
 telligonce gmorally,
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ol nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on tliese subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Ltterary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 (0- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 vanahly in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A WHITE.
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure.— ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. Wo, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country oi
 Dr. W. as a political refugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 litutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,’will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectlully informs his friends and the
 public, that ne has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonvilte,
 2| miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about from Boston,
 and 5 from’Albanv,situated in one of the pleasenlest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, se|mrate for either sex, a gymnasium, eic.
 The Doctor being die earliest uow living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European bydropalb, hopes to respond to any rea.
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers’who may confide
 themselves to him.
Munde’s
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of tbe firm lias
 now return* 1 from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LA DIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE for yodrselves as we feel
 warranted in Ihe assertion that o|r price* are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Vi set tea at 83,60
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sokl off at astonishingly low tri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Main at., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The 014 €«r#sity Ship,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform bis
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented hit stock
 of Men's, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second I land apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds ana ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep Tbe Old Cnrosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of iirticles for which he will
 pay liberally sod dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing 'a/aired and renovated with neatness
 end deej-U'-U

 Y v Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 88 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe tltreet.
 Thankful for past Avon in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 i
 Reehoftar, Oct. 13,1848.
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
99* AH the medicines advertised by W. B. Stans
 are sold by Post A Willis, Winslow A Young, Re-
 Chester; 8. Kenshaw, Fpokfort; A. S. Bnirsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Frye, Brock port; Caleb
 Nye, Pituford; W. Williams, Buffiue; mid by
 mo t drogfiets throughout the United States
 family ointment.
 OUMN’SOINTMF.NT i, IK)W aniverMiJr
 kßOwledjped to be an infalliible remedy, in irtry
 case when, it ha* been faithfully applied in the hu
 mnn system, for promoting IrweJKie Perspiration,
 drawing out the mfl.mm.tmn from wound, n l
 lievtng pain of every kiad, and ia its helliiur
 qualities the world does not produce its eqoul .„d
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All disea—J
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores,
 Watns, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 r.nipt ion. Sore Nipples, Sow Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, buck, and the
 other ports of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and evmy knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inffiuumation
 are permanently cored by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st„ Chicago, IH.
DOCTORING IN ALENA. 1
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir. Almut three years nge
 J injured in one of my legs bv.the
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcere. Nearly e »ety doctor ia Gale!,
 tried to cure them; but tried fn vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment mv other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 "T‘‘“"S w in order
 that I might neglect no. moans e-iliun my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge of my Hurttriie and
 gratitude bett* than I can expi ess it, to And my
 sell entirely well before I had finished usinir the
 second box. 6
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable an
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully
 your gratefu frmnd, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, HI., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS ANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Hear Sir I hereby certify
 that mv son Albert, eleven years of «g e was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first o!
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered wuh
 hard dry skm full of craks, causing pa in and muc
 affliction many limes he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he heenfree from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise tun feet ere
 now perfectly smooth soft and free houi "tucks .11
 from one application of your vlintment, woukl’saJ
 the Itoy put it on himself as mi experimMt of foi
 own, from hearing in recommended. Not Man n,,..
 was thought of it for three weeks, at wfciZ time
 his feet were near about in a healthy utils, mdmm
 now the same as though tliey never had bsuu
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 _ ISAAC PAI KM
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, If 48.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 ry Sheb°y«an, Wis., March I, M*.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In mr ufeisß
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of die Medical Facuitu
 Admitting that to lie a fact, I have a case it, point
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan kaUi wtl
 crippled two years with five large den
 above the ankle. The leg was so rm£h swntn lie
 oouhf not get on a boot. Nearly all die most poo
 ular Physicians in various places, hare treated Ins
 rase without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Afr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing die swelling and hsulwi two
 of die sores. Tlie other three I labored 1 t ill die
 first of February, widioutmucli if any lieneflt, wfeiu
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointmrik, .ts
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D
BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should rerorn
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Dint* en t Three week, ago my dough
 er’s clothes caught fire, and before die Hunies .•oukl
 be e xUnguisbed, they were all burnt to cinder*, the
 chi d was so badly burned that ileatb seemed „Uvi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointmmt
 was recommended, and used with success—it ea ve
 (lerftct relief! It is needless to add that the chikl is
 now well and aliout her business.-The medians is
 all am. more than it is recommended to be. Evero
 family and person sliould bare it ia their posres*
 no*.
 I feel indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your hlimbic servant,
 XT T JOHN H CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., 1
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Punty, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughnest SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Kneels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments ana
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfhst,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet,
 Scratches or Grease, Mange ami Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the .kin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hidebound, Loss of Appetite Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Lflammationofthe Eves
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism’
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe anti certain remedy for coughs and colds
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their afqirobatiou in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with coufi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan s Medicines. TRY 1 HEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.—//!. Organ, May sth, 1849.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat,’ Wit.
 May 9, 1849.
 “Sloan's Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan's Hoi Ointment u&gt;
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes’us te
 recommend it to those who have the as and can
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, ami from .die favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that tliey are piepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 Dr. W• B. Sloan —Dear .Sir—Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 hose badly &gt;tten on the nose by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, bis head wan
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were aitoaiaatd at the
 prompt relief afforded. In lees than one hour the
 swelling liegan to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit forts*, hut was actually put to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yours, respectfully
 L. 8. BARTURTT
 Chicsoo, (III,,) June 9, 1960
 Washington, North Carolina.
 Mr. Fowle—Dear Sir:— “M. Hervey Hill,
 wheee certificate is given below, is one of our most
 respectable farmers, and bis wile now enjoys good
 heath. Veiy respectfully yours,
 WM. A. SHAW, M. D.”
 Btoufort County, North Carolina,
 Chocowiniiy. near Wash., 12ib Aug. 1847*
 The undersigned, feeling grateful for the relief
 afforded by the use of Dr. Winter's Balsam of a
 Wild Cherry, deems that it is but an act of justice
 to say, that but for the useof that valuable remedy,
 his wife, loud affiictsdwhh what she and all others
 considered Consumption, would have probably been
 ere this, in lier grave. Bat nil the dangerous end
 unpleascut symptoms have been removed by the use
 of a few bottles, and she new attends to her daily
 avocations as usual. HERVEY HILL.
 Beth W. Lewie, Druggist, No. 148 Washington
 street, Boston, Mass., m is the sole proorintcr o/thn
 origiMliecwmfor.he manfoctur*fiewuJl
 medtotne, and supplies both at wholesale awl retail
 and of whom egewiescan be obtained.
 Always sigaed l. BUTTS if gensing
