Potlra.
For the North Star.
 la thil mv native land? O could I veil
 This dark page of thy history fyom mine eye*,
 Or close my ear to the sad, torturing wail
 Of the chased victim, while the bondman flies?
 The crisp winds of the North are freighted now
 With a worse pestilence than Asia nursed
 In her hot clime of death; and Freedom’s brow,
 Black with the slave-brand, looks a thing ac
 cursed!
 Ijj! where the shaft of Blinker casts its shade,
 Comes the man-hunter with his gyve and cluiia!
 There, when ihy earliest martyr-graves were m.ide,
 Man pleads for feeedom's boon,but pleads in vain!
 Atlantic’s surges lave no shore of thino
 Whose sands the tyrant’s foot-prim may not mark:
 Thou hast no gate, along Pacific's line,
 Closed to the ingress of his hated lark!
 O tear from tbcir foundations those tall fanes
 That w r rite upon the clouds thy living lie;
 Their marble rests above the honored manes
 Of those who dared for ingrate sons to die!
 Shu* from thy capitnl that blinded form,
 Whose scales impartial justice seem to weigh;
 But mete to these the sunshine, those the storm
 To one a dungeon, to another day.
 Blot from thy trea-ured scroll each glorious name
 Of men whose nerves were iron, whose souls were
 fire;
 Their faileless lustre cannot bids thy shame;
 Ncr shield thee in this hour from Heaven’s ire.
 0 tell thy children, ere another dawn
 Of July’s sun shall light thine altar flame,l
 That Human Rights by Stamlioul’s golden liorn
 More sacred are than ’neath thy Cr„sa of shame.
 Byzantium’s crescent, in the eastern ray,
 (jlearns brighter than thy bloody stars may shine;
 A UfcTTEK glory lights her flag to-day,
 J hau e'en on Mexic rampart* lighted thine.
 J. E. ROBINSON.
 Rochester, October 18, 1850.
ittiscrllattfoiw.
JUDGE JAY ON THE BLOOD
 HOUND BILL.
 The following letter from Judge Jay
 appeared in the Evening Poet of this
 city a lew days since. We copy it at
 the request of one of the gentlemen to
 whom it was addressed, though without
 that request we should not have per
 mitted a paper so characteristic of its
 author, and so worthy of the widest
 circulation, to escape our notice. No
 clearer exposition of the infamous law
 which may, at any time, make any
 of us a slave-hunter or a slave, hasyei
 been offered.
 Bedford, 2d October, 1350.
 Gentlemen: In pursuance of instruc
 tions given you by a meeting of color
 ed citizens, you ask me, in your letter
 of the 27th ult., my opinion first, “of
 the constitutionality and binding force”
 of the late act of Congress for the sei
 zure of fugitive slaves; and, secondly,
 of the course most proper to be pursu
 ed by our colored citizens in reference
 to the personal jeopardy in which they
 are now placed.
 Many years since, I endeavored to
 prove, in an argument published at the
 lime, that Congress has no constitution
 al power to pass any law whatever re
 specting fugitive slaves. I find from
 Mr. Webster’s speech of 7th of last
 March, that such is also his opinion.
 But the Supremo Court has otherwise
 determined, and hence Mr. Webster
 advised the Senate to exercise power
 which the Constitution, in his judgment,
 had conierred exclusively on the States.
 The law in question appears to ine as
 palpable a violation of the Constitution,
 as it certainly is of the principles of
 justice, the rights of humanity, and the
 obligations of the religion of Jesus
 Christ.
 Of the “binding force” of this law,
 in its practical operation, I entertain no
 doubt. It is said, I know, that it is too
 atrocious to be executed, that public
 opinion will not endure its enormities.
 Be not deceived. There was indeed a
 time when such a law would not have
 been thought of, much less enforced at
 the North. Some years since, as I
 was directing a fugitive os to the route
 lo Canada, he told me, to my surprise,
 that he wished to go to Massachusetts, j
 On asking him,*Svhy, be said he had
 heard Mr Adams say at Washington,
 that it a slave once got into Massachu
 setts, there were not tjwelve men in the
 State who would give him up. Littlej
 did Mr. Adams anticipate to the recent!
 developements of Boston gentility and
 Andover divinity.
 The slave-catching law is a boon
 granted by the North, not a measure
 fastened ‘upon us by the slaveholders.
 It is a law passed through Massachu
 setts influence, voted for by the Rep
 resentatives of Boston and appro
 ved and applauded by a very large
 number of politicians. A presidential
 election is approaching, and the result
 will be decided by Southern votes.
 Hence our politicians will seek to pro
 pitiate the slaveholders by zeal and
 diligence in slave-hunting. The law
 wi'l be executed in al4 the pfentitude of
 its diabolism, or, to use the words of
 Mr. Webster, when pledging his sup
 port to the bill, then before the Senate,
 ‘to the fullest extent —to the fullest
 extent.”
 If you ask my opinion, of the “bind
 ing force” of this law in a moral sense,
 I answer that its binding force is pre
 cisely the same as was that of the iaiv
 of Nebuchadnezzar, commanding the
 multitudes on the plain of Dura, to fall
 down and worship his golden image—
 of the decree of Darius, forbidding
 prayer to God forthirty days—of the
 order of the Jewish magistrates to Peter
 tand Paul “not to speak at all, nor to
 each in the name of Jesus”—of the
 commands of the Roman Emperors,
 that Christians should cast incense on
 the altars of idols —of the edicts of
 Louis XIV., requiring Hugenots to
 embrace the faith and practice the
 rites of the Church of Rome. This ac
 cursed statute requires us to become
 notice instruments of treachery, cruelty
 and oppression to the persecuted bui
 innocent fugitive —to set at naught the
 law of Jehovub, to do justice and love
 mercy— to trample under foot the greai
 commandment of our blessed Redeem
 er, to love cur neighbor, and, regard
 less of his authority, to do to others
 what would fill our souls with anguish
 if done to ourselves. Let us, with out
 families, enter the dungeons which
 Northern politicians have prepared,
 rather than hazard our souls by render
 ing obedience .to the requirements ot
 this wicked law.
Most deeply do I sympathise ou
 in your unhappy state. With your
 wives and children you are now placed
 at the disposal of any villian who ia
 ready to perjure himself for the price
 you will bring in the human shambles
 of the South. With less ceremony and
 trouble than a man ran impound bis
 neighbor's ox, you may be meta
 morphosed from a citizen of the State
 of New York, to a beast of burden on
 a Southern plantation. On leaving
 your house in the morning, you may
 be enticed into another, where one oi
 then newly appointed commissioners,tf
 ter reading one affidavit made a thou
 sand miles off, and another that you
 are the person named in the first or on
 the bare oath of the kidnapper himself,
 may infoim you to your amazement and
 horror, that you are a slav*. The fet
 ters previously prepared are placed or
 your limbs, and in a few minutes you
 are travelling with railroad velocity tc
 a Southern market. Never again will
 you ever behold your wife and children,
 nor will any tidings from them evei
 reach your ear. The remainder o:
 your life is to be one of toil and stripes
 In this war against human rights '‘the
 law’s delay” is utterly unknown.
 The Commissioner is commanded tc
 J««patcb (he mtt'nir "Mr A SUMMAIII
 manner,” The oath of the wretcl
 who has seized you, and who expect!
 to clear eight hundred or a thousanc
 dollars by your sale, is of itself all suf
 ficient and abundant proof that you art
 his property, while your own oath It
 the contrary is excluded by law. Th&lt;
 act gives you no right to demand i
 postponement of the hearing, allowi
 you no process to command the attend
 ance of witnesses, no time to send foi
 counsel. However essential these
 privileges may be to your restoratior
 to freedom to family, to happiness
 you must beg them as favors to be gran
 ted or denied at pleasure, from a crea
 ture, who has accepted the office of t
 slave-catching judge, and who is t(
 be paid ten dollars if he dooms you t(
 Slavery, but onl y five if he sets you at
 liberty! And who is this Commission
 er? Heretofoie he was a person ap
 pointed by the United States Courts tc
 perform certain acts, as taking affida
 vits, &amp;c. JYow he is elevated to the of
 fice and dignity of a Judge, and *ht
 Courts are expressly commander
 “to enlarge the number of Commit
 sioners, irith a view to afford reasonable
 facilities in relation to fugitives from la
 bor.” Hence these Judges are to be
 appointed for the express and only pur
 pose of catching negroes, and the
 amount and condition of their reward,in
 dicate the character of the men, whe
 it is expected will accept the infamout
 office.
 From the decision of one of these
 men, given under the circumstances 1
 have described, there is no appeal tc
 any court in the United States. Yel
 this man, whose judgment is too sacred
 to be reviewed, and in whose awfu
 presence the trial by jury, the habem
 corpus, and all the forms of the commor
 law devised lor the protection of liberty
 are but as things of naught—this higl
 and mighty judge, who sits in judgmeni
 upon the right to the souls and bodies
 of immortal beings, made in the image
 of God, is deemed unworthy to decide
 on the title to a horse. Such a ques
 tion is referred to a higher court! And
 how are these omnipotent slave-catch
 j ing commissioner-judges appionted?
 No popular vote invests them with their
 j tremendous powers—no President and
 Senate are responsible for their lenrn
 j &gt;ng, wisdom and integrity, notwith
 standing the constitution entrusts to
 them tho appointment of the federal
 judges. Among the wonders of the
 times, is this discovery of judicial gen
 eration. By virtue of this new law,
 judges procreate judges at pleasure,for
 the convenience of the slaveholders'
 Our Commissioner-judges are to
 have a tbree at their command to main
 tain their dignity and execute their be
 hests. They are authorized to appoint
 an unlimited number of slave-catchers,
 and each of these miscreants is empow
 ered, by law, to roam through the
 whole extent of the state, executing
 warrants, seizing alleged slaves, white
 or black, ordering out the postt comita
 tus, calling the citizens, from their em
 ployments and commanding them to
 join in slave hunts. Should any dare
 to refuse obedience to the satanic man
 date, a fine of $l,OOO and imprison
 ment for six months will vindicate the
 insulted authority of the slave-catcher.
 When the chase is ended, and the man
 is taken, he may be guarded and trans
 ported to the slave region, at the ex
 pense of the NATIONAL TREASURY.
 Thus have our doughfaces—whigs and
 democrats—in taxing their constituents
 to give jobs to slave-catchers, and to
 rivet the fetters of the bondsmen,.fallen
 down in the dust, and licked the very
 feet of the slaveholders.
 You ask me how you shall secure
 yourselves from the kidnapper. God
 only Lnowi. May Ho have mercy on
 you, for our low makers have had none.
 Rumors have reached me, of an inten
 tion on the part of our colored citizens
 to curry arms in self-detence. If I
 have earned any title to your confidence
 may I not ask you to ponder my ad
 vice, to abandon such intention? Most
 freely do I confess my utter ignorance
 of any system of morals founded by di
 vine authority on the color of a man’s
 skin. Whenever, and tor whatever
 cause, God permits a white man to take
 life, I believe he equally permits a
 black man, in similar circumstances, to
 do the same. Some, I know, maintain
 (hat life may never be taken in self
 defence. But it is not on this ground
 that I urge you to abstain from the ust
 of deadly weapons. I implore, I be
 seech you, not to attempt the life of the
 kidnapper, first, because his death
 will not secure your safety, and being
 therefore unnecessary, it would be
 morally wrong; and, secondly, because
 such an act of violence would prove
 the scource of great evil lo yourselves,
 and to your brethren.
 The facilities afforded by this law to
 the kidnapper are so great, the means
 of converting you in a slave are i*o
 plainly prescribed, the physical force
 furnished him for perpetrating the out
 rage is so abundant, that tho whole vil
 lany will be done according to law,”
 and under circumstances rendering re
 sistance vain. The fraudulent affidavit
 will be regularly verified, warrant duly
 issued, the seizure strictly legal. Hence
 should death occur by your resistance,
you would m law bo deemed guilty oi
 murder, for having slain an officer in
 the legal discharge of his duty. Think
 you, that at a time when parties are
 sacrificing truth aad honor for south
 ern votes, and thoir leaders openly
 scoffing at the “highor law/’ that you
 would be permitted to eccape with im
 punity? There would be a mighty
 struggle among our politicians who
 should make the most southern capital
 out of the slaughter of a slave-catcher
 The pro-slavery papers of New York
 and Boston would be seized with a fit
 of horror and indignation against the
 blood-thirsty negroes, and of admira
 tion for the patriotism of the departed
 martyr, and for that lolly devotion to
 “the compromises of the constitution”
 which had cost him his life.
 The occasion would, moreover, be
 embraced for rendering new homage
 to the slaveholders, by urging the for
 cible expulsion to Africa of all such ne
 groes as unhappily have no masters to
 •ake care of them, and control their
 savage tempers; and not unlikely hints
 would be thrown out that, before long,
 self-preservation requires the re-estab
 lishment of slavery-at the north. Such
 an act would furnish gn excuse for
 armed hand* roaming
 through the country, insulting and ter
 rifying our citizens, and picking up ne
 groes at pleasure; for you will recol
 lect, they may be seized either with or
 without warrant.—Leave, I beseech
 you, the pistol and the bowie knife to
 southern ruffians and their northern
 mercenaries. That this law will lead
 to bloodshed, I take it for granted, bui
 let it be the blood of the innocent, not
 of the guilty. If anything can arouse
 the torpid conscience of the north, it
 will be our streets stained with human
 blood, shed by the slave-catchers.
 Most deeply do I feel and deplore
 the wrongs inflicted upon your race,
 bond and free, by a people professing
 to be Christians and republicans, and
 greatly do I fear that a righteous Prov
 idence will make those very wrongs the
 instruments of his vengeance, by means
 of the moral leprosy they are spreading
 through our country. This very slave
 catching law has a direct and powerful
 tendency to beget in our people a
 reckless contempt for the rights of in
 dividuals, a disregard for the usual
 conservatory forms of legal and judicial
 proceedings, and a selfish indifference
 for the claims of humanity.
 For years, most strenuous efforts,
 prompted by commercial and political
 views, were made to deprive the oppo
 nents of slavery of their constitutional
 privileges by lawless violence. The
 right of petition was suspended—the
 freedom of debate interrupted—the
 sanctity of the post office violated—
 public meetings dispersed—printing
 presses destroyed—furious mobs exci
 ted-churches sacked—private houses
 gutted, and even murder peapetrated.
 All this violation of rights was regard
 ed with complacency by many who had
 much at stake, so long as abolitionists
 alone were its victims. But the spirit
 of aggression thus raised and fostered,
 is seeking new subjects, on which to
 exercise its power. “Gentlemen of
 property and standing” are rarnr begin
 ning to feel alarmed about socialism,
 antirentism, agrarianism, &amp;c. Hence,
 of late, we hear much of the impor
 tance of conservatism, as it is called.
 The political movements of the last few
 months seem to indicate that our land
 lords, and our cotton-lords, and mer
 chant princes, regard an alliance with
 the aristocracy of the south, as at least
 in some degree a security against the
 violation of vested rights, sequestration
 of rents, oppressive taxation, unequal
 laws, &amp;c, &amp;.c. To the influence of gen
 tlemen ol this class, the late slave law
 owes its passage.
 And is it believed, that the rights of
 the ricn will he protected by familiari
 zing the populace with the practice of
 injustice and cruelty towards the poor?
 Will the sight of innocent men seized
 tu our streets, and sent in fetters to till j
 the broad fields of great land-owners,
 increase the reverence felt for land ti
 tles? Is it wise to give the people
 practicaj lessons in the demolition ofall
 the barriers raised by the common law
 tor the protection of the weak against
 the strong:' It is true conservatism to
 obliterate in the masses, the sense of
 justice, the feelings of humanity, the
 distinction between right and wrong?
 No man looks with more loathing than
 I do, on the destructive and disorgani
 zing theories of the day; but I have no
 idea of counteracting them by the ex
 tension of human bondage, and the ex
 ample of ferocious injustice iu hunting
 innocent men and robbing them of all
 the rights of humanity. The only con
 servatism to which I look for the pro
 tection of my rights and my property,
 is that “higher LAW,” which, with the
 authority oi Deity and the sanctions of
 the invisible world, says to each indi
 vidual, high or low, rich or poor, do
 JUSTICE, LOVE MERCY—DO TO OTHERS
 runt SHOULD DO TO YOU.
 But, alas! this law is sneered at by
 men whose all depends upon its obser
 vance. The vindications of property
 in man, which are poured forth from
 the pulpit, the forum and the press
 the maintenance of caste in the church
 —the apathy with which the oppression
 of three millions of countrymen is
 viewed—the permission given to intro
 duce slavery into our new territories,
 with a pledge to receive them as slave
 States—the broken faith of many of
 those by whom the permission and
 pledge were given—the contempt ex
 pressed for the scruples of conscience,
 and the horrible iniquity of the fugitive
 law—are all combining to break down
 those barriers of justice, humanity, and
 the fear of God, which, under our pop
 ular form of government, can alone
 May the flood of spoliation and anarchy.
 Well may we tremble, lest God should
 apply to our nation the maxim of his
 moral government towards individuals
 “whatsoever a man soweth, that shall
 ne also reap.”
 Yours respectfully,*
 WILLIAM JAY.
 Messrs. George T. Downing, William
 P. Powell
Icy There was a very large Anti
 ugitive Slave Law meeting in Cleve
 tod on Saturday last. It was resolved
 at in case of an attempt to make ar
 dats, the alarm he given by "cries in
 Ue street* and the ringing of the fire
 belle,”
Jl JAY ON THE Fl'filTlVE
 LAW.
 Hon. William Jay, at the application
 of a committee of colored men, has
 written an opinion respecting tbe new
 law, which, as might he expected,
 strongly condemw it. He unhesitating
 ly pronounces it unconstitutional, as op
 posed to tbe principles of justice and
 humanity, and an likely to result in
 great wrong and hardship to the color
 ed population. Yet he earnestly dis
 suades from any forcible resistance to
 its operation, as nothing can be gained
 by such resistapce, and as it would
 tend to increase the hardships of the
 class upon which it presses, at best,
 too heavily. Resistance would give
 color to the pro-slavery clamor at the
 North, and furnish an excpse for vio
 lence on the part of stave-catching.
 "Leave,” says his address to this class
 —"leave, I beseech you, the pistol
 and the bowie-knife to Southern ruf
 fiians and their Northern mercenaries.
 That this law will lead to blood-shed,
 I take it for granted, but let it be the
 blood of the innocent, not of the guil
 ty. If anything can rouse tbe torpid
 conscience of the North, it will he our
 streets stainedkum*« blood, shed.
 by «he slave-catehers.”
 The advice here tendered, however
 wise, it is hardly possibly that it will
 be always heeded. It is a style ol
 neroism not olten attained in this
 world, quietly to submit to an act of
 aggression and otrage like that which
 tbe slave-catcher attempts in making
 his assault upon the fugitive. Society
 and laws have made war upon the
 colored man They disown him; they
 outlaw him, and afford him no protec
 tion. And in this war he throws him
 self upon 'he rights of his manhood, and
 defends himself when no one else will
 defend, who can blam him? And if the
 pursuer falls in the conflict, we cannot
 see whom he has to blame but himself.
 As an illustration of this doctrine,
 we may state a fact which has not yet
 found its way into tne papers. A week
 or two ago, an athletic, stalwart ne
 gro arrived at this port in a vessel
 from the South, apparently unknown to
 anybody on board. As the boat reached
 the wharf, and the fugitive—for such
 he is supposed to have been—attempt
 ed to again the shore, tbe first object
 he met was the keen glance of hi:,
 master, who, missing his slave, and
 suspecting the route he had taken, hur
 ried on by the more rapid conveyance
 of the railroad, and arrived in New
 York long enough before the vessel
 containing his runaway slave, to obtain
 bis U. S. Marshal, and to present him
 self at the boat, ready to recapture his
 victim as he landed. The parties met,
 and understood their relations at a
 glance. The master, hirnseif nn ath
 letic man, pointed to the officer by his
 side, informed the slave that this was
 United States officer, who must not be
 resisted. The logic was not conclusive
 to the poor fugitive. He ruised a
 brawny, powerful arm, which appeared
 to have the force of a dozen sledge
 hammers, and before a word could he
 uttered or a motion made, laid the
 officer senseless upon the ground. The
 crowd around caught the meaning of
 the scene with electric sympaty, and
 raising a shout, urged the fugitive to
 flee, and covered his flight from the
 enraged master, till trace of him was
 utterly lost.
 Now, these consenting citizens
 were law-abiding men, yet they saw
 not, and we defy any man to perceive,
 any wrong in tho resistance of this
 heroic fugitive. He felt himself at
 war with the government and with op
 pressors, and he only availed himself of
 the natural rig t&lt;of war, and the blame
 must rest uponlßioae who commenced
 strife by assaulting the rights which
 were thus summarily redressed. What
 ever we may think of the policy of
 such acts, they are too obviously ac
 cordant with every instinct of justice
 to be honestly condemned.—.V. Y.
 Evangelist.
The Free-Will Baptists o.v the
 Fugitive Bile. —At the tri-ennial ses
 sion of the Cenference of the Free-
 Will Baptists, held at Providence, a
 short time since, the following resolu
 tions were adopted in reference to the
 Fugitive Slave Law:
 R ‘solved, That we do deliberately
 and calmly, yet earnestly and decided
 ly, deny any all obligation on our part
 to submit to the unrighteous enact
 ments of the aforesaid Fugitive Slave
 Bill. Also, that regardless of unjust
 human enactment, fines and imprison
 ment, we will do ail we can consistent
 ly with the claims ofthe Bible to pre
 vent the recapture of the fugitive, and
 to aid him in his efforts to escape
 from his rapacious claimants.
 Resolved, That as "we ought to obey
 God rather than man,” Acts 5, 29, in
 disobeying a ciuel and wicked human
 law and patiently submitting to its un
 rightouto* f«iialtie» £nr suoK
 cnee, we are "subject unto the higher
 powers that be,” Rom. 13, 1, in the
 highest and holiest sense of that divine
 command; that is in the same sense in
 which the apostles, primitive Christians,
 and the subsequent Christian martyrs
 obeyed it when they disobeyed the
 Jewish, heathen aad Popish laws.
 Resolved, That we de most deeply
 sympathize with those who after hav
 ing escaped from human bondage are
 now in great fear, anxiety and distress
 on account of the passage of the Fugi
 tive Slave Bill. We also recommend
 them to use all the means to preserve
 the liberty, that religion, conscience
 and reason will justify under their har
 rassing and distressing circumstances.
 Resolved, That the conduct ofslave
 holders and their abettors iu procuring
 the annexation of Texas in order to
 afford security to slavery, their efforts
 to establish the unmerciful institution
 in the free territory acquired by the
 war caused by that annexation; aho
 their violent opposition to the admission
 of California into the Union as a free
 State, and their threats to dissolve the
 Union it they cannot be permitted to
 carry slavery where they please, arc
 developments that affords increasing
 proof ot the deep inherent depravity
 if American Slavery, and likewise call
 loudly for continued and increasing
 Christian and constitutional efforts for
 its abolition.— Democrat.
ICT* A lie has no legs, but scandal
 has wings.
3U&gt;oertietmtnln.
Asylam for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic sad Analytic
 Asyhun, No 217 Exchange Street, oppoaka th«
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly ettablitlitd and in roccessfiil opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyses every dismtt twt is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in etety way
 that is ajipli’ed in any water-cur** establishment &gt;.i,
 the U nited Staten, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it in nut relies! on as Uweeff
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalid* who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems nf practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand off their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neitlier walked or borne tlieir weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; anti some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confined to
 their beds from one to t wenty, unable to stand, walk,
 drees, or tiiUircVft tneniiei?es, or even too ieuun. u»
 liear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the (lean, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Postiveness, Di
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and t ands, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its fust stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such basbeen Ks snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the monev and
 rv»y all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 toaethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help (hem according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepiesentations and ex|iense
 .vthout receiving equal henefit, can let the proo-ie
 or know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution lias grown up from private prac
 tice bv the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing lias ever lieen published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 hvjits own merits, or pay the ex|ienBe of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but lo let it be nior
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems ot practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, wad is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and co&lt;&gt; have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefoi e the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may lie easily lielped by other
 systems of practice; nor does lie want any one to
 j come, unless they wish to gel we&lt;l, and are willing'
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 J miles at a time, and follow' it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatment
 in the-Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ui
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 ht alth, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortlie proprietor to meet the above expenses if,*
 required
ATHOL HATER CURE*
 THE Subscriber begs leas* to cull the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropatlric establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 pa.st season, and it is believed offers excellent taciti
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 palliy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 Kuritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 listiiled.” Ihe location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of sceuery, ami has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitaHe regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 ealthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the follow ing pheno
 mena. If placed iu an erect position, and left un
 supported, ihe forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If lie ing well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 mid was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half aj
 mile with ease. Since her return to lier family, shel'
 has continued her baths, with corresponding iin
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 amnestic duties, and with the assistance of a small!
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,!
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 naif a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord-)
 mg to the necessities or choice of the patients.)
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will lie charged
 tr*«. GEORGE HOYT.
Tree Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, anil for sale at No. 31,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 w’idth; thin Muslm for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and u-liite Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 kc. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 36, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 •n band. tul —if
Colored Sailors’ Home*
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 of slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The bouse is large and con
 venient; will hold comibrtably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their conifoi t. WM. I*. PO W KLL.
 May 11 ,1849
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 rllS entirely new, beautiftd, and eminently ser
 vicmble limb, which has received the highest
 twarda and most hearty testimonials of all the
 .rincipal scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 lospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 iave used the limb, as being in every res|«ct supe
 wr to any limb ever before invented in Kmrope or
 Vmarica.is now manufactured in Springfield, Jus*.,
 &gt;y Messrs. Palmer, Currier k Hudson
 They warran entne watwfactum
 REFERENCES.
 Dra. Hamilton and 9rRAOPS,of Buffalo.
 Dr. Uaiioi, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moors, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wanra one.)
 Dr. Houait, Syracuse sep 14 6m
Habtoi’s Eclectic Medical iMtiiatt
 and Water-Care EstaMiskaeitc
 THIS Institution baa been in successfei operation
 during fourteen yean, for Uwcuroof all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by modi- j
 cine alone. j
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa j
 ’fonts ban* been restored to koaltb and unfolnes*
 by tbo treatment punned at this Institution, who
 touid not find r* lief by any other course of modi-
 eiM. Hundreds *ho had been confined to their
 tod* for years, and who were almost in (kspair,
 have had renewed hope and courage w ben they have
 karoed that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as thorns* Ives, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Thoao who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS. or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 fcc., winch produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA.RHEUHATISMjNEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENEBS, LOSS OF THE USE OF 5 THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW BPIRITS, PAR
 TI A L INSANITY, aad a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they but their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we woold say, we are curing hundreds inst
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children' to hove them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various waya in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; lait a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 halt the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be succeatful, which is not
 fuLO-SM. iia« li.iln j.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of jrine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and Singer out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few montlu’treatment, would remove i heir difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be 1
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundred* of
 miles on beds, m easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 altlled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever land or nature, that we will ofer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 ths Institution, ana board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, fret of charge, \J
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricisin from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that tote they will not spend ineir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will to practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties si
 a new discovery ami practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been eon
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin AL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous rehef,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure u performed. If any
 one doubts Ist them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and thill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or Any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] ami we will
 send them an account of die Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with tlie most res|&gt;ectabie refer
 ences in the city and country
 P*S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can to cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing wliat others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should to addressed toIIALSTED
 Hall, Medical institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 TOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O ami Perfumery Enqiorium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Suiierior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and clieap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities amt
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shining, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.Jf
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price lotv. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Clotlis, of different styles.
 Apron and 1* urniture (’heck. Colton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton I willed Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Liuen
 Drilling fitc.
 Loeg and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 W adding w bite and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Browu Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 1 lie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which tlie Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains id taken by the Managers of the Free
 Prodiice Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE YV. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth aud Cberry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It b
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of clout
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37 i cts. in mnsliu,
 and 25 cents iu paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Effluence Rights and Appeal o
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 f rat tow tt&gt; tKa PsMfklst «*4 t(OUCdifl^
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18( cents.
 Win. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 6 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of auti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsou.
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and useit
 ami Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the offict
 to be directed to J. Miller AlcKim, 31, Nortl
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 lie consulted w ith perfect safety. As its title pag«
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 i Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatmen
 of Diseases; with an account ot the system while it.
 heal til, and rules (or preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written (or general use and daily|practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time oigatherms,
 and many other directions very useful for every lam
 ,ly to know, and written expressly for family use."
 q'he Herb Book is devoted solely to Papular Med
 al Botany, and will furnish on tint point all th.
 tesired informal ion wanted for general use."
 The two books are put up and bound together am
 coiffaiu 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 u 12 i cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tnat one may be recognized from another, to prt
 vent practising iu the dark; also the ’rtalmeet. n
 sketch of general physiology, ami rules lor keeping
 in liealth, together with observations oa their causes,
 !nouns of avoiding deleterious influences, and aMch
 other remarks as are deemed both
 atefs and female.
The book has have written with great tars, in
 piaia, simple, common —me style easily to be an
 dereUKKl hy every person, and by a practical phyei
 cmaH»l» thofoughbotaniit. We caa recomnead
 »t with entire confidence, as heing a work super for
 “y book of the kind tree
 Families is the country, and especially those lie*
 ?.r w co ntTt *«f unhealthy 'litotes, should
 not foil to procure s copy an i have' it at all Dame at
 hand. earn of sickness a. ,h*y rhateby by
 some simple remedy save aa expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or*fok,*iiehe book
 should be in every bouee ns a safe and sate adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is sa low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 wilhu«R it.
 Tim book is pmt sp in Paper bindu», and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to aus
 aartofthe United States.
 09- Any person sending us one dollar by mal, ana
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall have foot
 comes seat him free of postage.
 Sena in your orders*, there is an risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to as daily, and the books
 always reach th**ir destination.
 09“ Four families can club together and read
 dollar bill, and have (bar books sent to one tvidrtss
 WANTED —Agents in most of the States to ssk
 this work, almost every family will parehnse it
 carried to their doors. A tarn’ll capital of from *2O
 to $3O will bo accessory for each agent. Address
 postpaid, OEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1819. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
UNPMAILED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 A* THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered
 TIME and experience have fully prored that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not Its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It it worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it lias been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which'
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many disease*. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Ou has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies Irave completely foiled:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 lections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, 4*e, 4*e.
 Numerous are tlw* unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used tto Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested iu a pecuniary point,
 tliev could hardly have been credited.
 The celeg rated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargfag Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 menu it to physicians generally for external use iu
 all contusions, minors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 j means are necessary. As a discut font, it is harm
 less where tlie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy within tlie circle ol means now in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at larga
 as a safe and |K&gt;werful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it to* met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is tot justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been a* well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following;
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of front one hundred lo two hundred horses,
 and l lave made use uf Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that foi ail the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw iu
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eoinmend it to the public as the tost medicine for
 hmses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will ba
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and sea what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uui
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post k Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. Wade
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Cleve 1
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister fit Co, Buffalo; Greenmail fit Smith, Utij
 ca; P D Orris fit Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6 m
British Periodical Literaiore.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British liniew, the H ritnimfs Review,
 and Blackwood'* Edinburgh Mu^axme.
 r PHE wide-spread tame ol these splendid period!
 A cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary orgaus, they stand far in advance o
 anything ot the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of moot. uwrfccd by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great partiee
 in Lugland—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are lory- the
 Edinburgh Review VVhtg; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view ia more of a religious character, having been
 •riginally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 ni death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 j uterary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title oaly
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted undei separate titles. It has, theftfjre,
 die advantage by tins combination of nniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretoiore issued.
 The above Periodicals are repriated in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamer*!
 m a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 tiagasine, being an exact fac-eimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the R9RfV, j* 800
 For Blackwood’s 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood k tlie 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Paymentt to he made tit all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 vent to one address on payment of tlie regular suo
 icription for three the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers of
 1 4 lack wood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets ot
 hat work, by which we shall be able to place the
 mt ire number iu the hands of subscribers before any
 ,iorUon of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 loumals. For this and other advantages iccntad to
 &gt;ar subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise tbe price of th* M*ga»
 ame. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early whila
 tbe price is low.
 Remittance* and aoowaakalKHM should aways
 TO Ftfftao *rwt, New Ya*,,
