The NORTH STAR ispublished even
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street.
 (Oppontethe Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per aaaum, alfayt im adtmmer. No
 subscription will be received for u lew term than
 lix month*.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
 lnmnwi—i Hi hi .1
 The object of the NoßTHSTAß'willbeto abolish
 SLA VERY in ail its forms and aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 ts! improvement oi ibr Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 95* All communications relating to ih e Imtineu
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should tie addressed to Frederic*
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 05* Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to lie accurate, and to give the J &lt;&gt;st office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to lie forwarded- to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communications mast lie post paid
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —U.h Wallciit,2l,CoriihilJ,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Morale
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffuin, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Ilamed, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 4s, Walls Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary
 Haaper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil.
 ette Reese, Peru, Clinton County J. f&gt; P
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey,Geneva; E. L. Plait, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; William Brom
 ley, I^iskport.
 Rhode Island. —Amamncy I aine.l rovulence.
 Pennsvlvania. J. M. M’Kim, SI, North.
 p;Ai, Unwi phiud.l wnipr**.
 Mib 4. Townsend, New Brighton; B. E. Bown,
 *o«o.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Charles
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Sir mu cl Brooke,
 8 a Ism ;D. Huntingdon, Chnrdmi, G«s.iga
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County, J
 D. Patterson, Oberlin 8 i). Jenkms^Dolnmbb^,
 Michioan.—Robert Banks, lletroH. Ih.J.
 B. Barnes, Owisno, Sbiawasse Co.
 Indiana.—Willis 1 owles, New Albany.
 IlLiNOis Hemy O. Waggoner, Cliicpgo;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, 51’Henry Co
 low a.—Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.—John Junes Carey, Toronto.
 WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
S elections.
FATHER MATTHEW AND TIIE NE
 GRO COMMISSIONER.
 We clip the following from the
 Pittsburgh Daily News. Who would
 have thought it? But here it is in
 black and white. There is no dodging
 it. We commend the whole to the
 British public for perusal and judg
 ment.
 |C7* We call attention to the follow
 ing advertisement from the St. Louis
 Republican, i,hewing the peculiar char
 acter of the celebrated Roman Catho
 lic temperance lecturer:
 The good Father Matthew is
 gone, and we feel a pleasure in calling
 attention to the following highly credit
 able compliment presented by him to
 one of our worthy citizens, David O’
 Gorman, under the Planter’s House:
 St. Louis, Oct. 28, 1K"»0.
 1 feel great pleasure in learning that
 my respected friend and fellow-coun
 tryman, Mr. David O Gorman, lias, in
 addition to his other agencies, opened
 an Office in St. Louis, tor the trails
 mission of money to Europe. Ihe
 high character for integrity, industry
 and business habits, which Mr. O Gor
 man has displayed, in discharging the
 duties of the highly responsible situa
 tions which he held in the old country,
 offer an ample guarantee of the fidelity
 and punctuality with which he will exe
 cute any business entrusted to him. I
 heartily wish him success. I know lie
 will give satisfaction, and 1 therefore
 recommend him to my beloved friends
 and countrymen in the est
 Theobold Matthew.”
 The above is the endorsement ol
 Father Matthew; and the following
 shows the avocation of the friend,
 whose success in business he is so anx
 ious to promote. We leave it to our
 readers to draw their own interferen
 ces:
 |C7* Negro Commission and Gen
 eral Agency, 4G Fourth street, under
 the Planter’s House, established for
 the purchase and sale of healthy Ne
 groes of good character. Ihe highest
 price will be obtained by slave-owners,
 and private families will always find
 good sound negroes and valuable
 house servants, on application to the
 subscriber.
 For sale at present, one man aged
 ‘23 years, one woman aged 21 years,
 two smart girls 12 and 14, and a wo
 man about 40, a careful nurse, cook,
 washer and ironer all sound and heal
 thy. David O’Gorman,
 General Agent.
 SCP Money remitted to Great Brit
 ain and Ireland.
 EXTRACT.
 Fron, the Thirteenth Annual Report of the
 Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Soeuty.
 THE NEW COLONIZATION SCHEME.
 It is a fact worthy of notice, and one
 which may be properly mentioned here,
 that almost simultaneously with the in
 troduction of the fugitive slave bill in
 Congress, was a project started for the
 revival of the old scheme of coloniza
 tion. Early in the session, a certain
 Judge Bryan, of Alabama, memorial
 ized Congress for authority on the part
 of himself and “his associates’ 'to es
 tablish a line of African mail-steamers,
 to run between New Orleans and other
 American sea-ports, and Liberia; one
 of the principal objects of which, it was
 professed, should be the suppression of
 the African slave-trade. Mr. Web
 ster in his infamously memorable speech
 of the 7th of March, indirectly but
 strongly lent his support to this move
 ment.—A few years since, it may be
 remembered, Mr. Webster, in declin
 ing to act on a coriUnittee appointed at
 a colonization meeting in Boston, said
 emphatically:
 “I understand the whole project, ll
 is a scheme of the slaveholders to get rid
 of lltetr free negroes. I jeill hare notic
 ing to ao tpith 1 1.
 But in his recent speech, he held the
 following language:
 “If any gentleman from the South
 shall propose a scheme of colonization,
 to be carried on by this government up
 on a large scale for the transportation
 of free colored people to any colony oi
 to any place in the world, I should be
 quite disposed to incur almost any de
 gree of expense to accomplish that ob
 ject.
 “There have been received into the
 treasury of the United States eighty
 millions of dollars, the proceeds of the
 „ales of the public lands ceded by Vir
 ginia. If the residue should be sold at
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor and Proprietor.
.VOL. 111. NO. 50.
the same rate, the whole aggregate
 will exceed two hundred millions of
 dollars. If Virginia and the South see
 fit to adopt any proposition to relieve
 themselves from the free people of col
 or among them, they have my free con
 sent that the Government pay them any
 sum of money out fits proceeds which
 may he adequate to the purpose.
 The tendency of this speech was to
 prepare Congress to look with favor
 upon the project of Judge Bryan,and in
 the course of the session the naval
 committee, to whom it was referred,re
 ported in favor of its adoption. They,
 recommended iftilt
 per cent, stock, with a cred.t of thirty
 years, be advanced to Judge Bryan and
 his associates for the construction of
 three mail steamers, to sail alternately
 every month from New Orleans, Balti
 more, and New York; that the Am *ri
 ean Colonization Society shall have the
 privilege ol sending at each voyage of
 me of these steam-ships, as many as
 1000 free colored emigrants at $lO
 ipiece for adults and $5 apiece for
 children; and that the government
 ihall have power to take any and all of
 said steam-ships for war purposes by
 jaying cost of construction and a cotn
 nission of ten per centum. r I he whole
 iffair is an ill-concealed attempt to
 five the support ol the government to
 he scheme ot the American Ooloniza
 ion Society, and to fill the pockets of
 i few
 il treasury, under the pretence of
 luilding up the Navy, and suppressing
 he African slave-trade. It finds favor
 vith the slaveholders at the South, be
 sause it promises to rid them of an ele
 nent dangerous to the safety of their
 ostitution, and pleases the negro ha
 ers at the North by proposing to de
 iver them from the objects of their
 iversion. Viewed in any light, it de
 lerves nothing but execration and op
 lositiou from every true friend of the
 iolored man. It proposes at each
 nonthly trip of its steamers to carry out
 o Africa 4000 free negroes, that is 18,
 KM) a year. How such a number is
 o be induced to go, whether by coer
 ;ion or persuasion, it is not stated, hut
 rom the circumstance of its coming, as
 t does, hand in hand with the law (or
 he recapture of fugitive slaves, and
 sustained as it is by the men who were
 ictive in the passage of that measure,it
 s not unreasonable. to suppose that
 lome degree of force, direct or indi
 rect, is ultimately contemplated. There
 s such a thing as compelling people to
 folunteerjv an expedient which the
 Colonization Society, very well under
 stand. Laws have been passed under
 he influence of that society, iucreas
 ng the burdens and diminishing the
 privileges of the free people af color,
 with the hope of inducing them to emi
 grate; but thus far, thank heaven, they
 lave most signally failed of their pur
 pose. Our colored friends have until
 his time been proof equally against the
 persuasions and the persecutions of
 their oppressors, and that they are now
 going to change either their feelings
 or their course of action on this sub
 ject, we have not the least reason to
 believe. They have with remarkable
 unanimity opposed the American Col
 onization Society from the beginning,
 and denounced every project lhat con
 templated their removal from this coun
 try; declaring their purpose never to
 leave the soil ot their natrvity, nor tor
 sake their brethren in bondage. In
 this they are clearly right, and deserve
 to receive the support of all true friends
 of freedom. Let them maintain their
 position, and this new scheme for their
 expatriation will fail as signally ns all
 others that have gone before it.
 THE UNION AND THE FUGITIVE
 SLAVE LAW.
 f A priva le Letter, communicated for the Tribune.]
 Saturday Nov. 0.
 After these remarks—
 somewhat diffusive and excursive, it is
 acknowledged—it is, I trust, unneces
 sary for me to say I am, as I always
 have been, for the Union, at whatev
 er sacrifices, and at all hazards. I am
 also, of course, for the Law, without
 Which that Union would be a curse
 rather than a blessing. I did not mean
 to say that there is nothing in the Con
 stitution or Law that would not admit el
 a salutary change, but I do mean to
 say, that it is the duty—the imperative
 duty of an American Citizen, anywhere
 and everywhere, to bow in obedience
 to the Law, so long as it continues tc
 bt the Law. Nevertheless, I am ut
 terly opposed to the|principles of the re
 cent Fugitiue Slave Bill, and will legit
 imately contribute all in m&gt; power to
 ward its modification and repeal.
 That it is unjust, I have no doubt;
 but it can'readily be shown, so tar as it
 is unjust, it is ineffective. That it is in
 some respects unconstitutional, 1 have
 as little doubt; but so far as it is uncon
 stitutional it is virtually no Law, and
 probably will be so declared by the ap
 propriate tribunal.
 It is unjust, because it offers a bribe
 to the Commissioner who shall surren
 der an alleged Fugitive to his claimant
 Ten Dollars for Slavery and bul
 Five for lAbertyt
 It is unjust, because it allows exparlt
 evidence—-or, to speak more criticall)
 and technically, exparte testimony —tc
 be received against the alleged fugi
 tive; which, upon no principle known tc
 the Common Law, could be received
 upon the claim of a horse or a dog. It
 is unjust, because it sacrifices the sov
 ereignty and dignity of our own State
 to a mean subserviency to the clamor,
 rapacity and overweening pretension*
 of other State*.
 U is uncoMtitutmal, because it »p
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS T%£ FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
points commissioners, or rainer, au
 thorizes United States Judges to appoint
 them—which Commissioners are in
 vested with high judicial powers in re
 j gard to the liberty of the citizen white
 well as black —wno is an alleged fu
 gitive from service; for under this law
 any white boy or man, in any State in
 the Union, may be arrested and carried
 into any other State, upon a mere sum
 mary hearing, founded upon testimony
 taken in his absence, and of course
 without cool examination-o*
 catiou of imyOf 1 ITiC USuaTteat. oftruth.
 !f on I show Hie true color of this law
 y divesting it for a time of the com
 plexion with which it is usually associ
 ated.
 That Congress has the right to ap
 point Judges no man questions. The
 President nominates and Congress con
 firms. Such is the provision of the
 Constitution. But whence Congress
 derives the authority to impart to the
 Judges thus appointed the power to
 create other Judges, under the title of
 Commissioners, which other Judges or
 Commissioners by their decision may
 deprive their victim of the benefit ol the
 Habeas Corpus.
 I may be wrong in all this; I lay no
 claim to infallibility, and all I can say
 is thafi whenever I shall be satisfied ol
 my error, I shall be most happy to cor
 tect it.
 You willpardon me for having thought
 proper lo say thus much upon a subject
 ro which the question in your letter ob
 viously relates. My attention shall
 now be directed to the letter itself.
 You are perfectly right in believing
 “that for the last .thirty years I have
 been engaged as Counsel, in almost
 every important case of alleged Fugi
 tives from justice, brought before our
 Judges and Courts in Philadelphia, and
 always on the part of the fugitive.
 And 1 hope it will not be immodest for
 for me to add, that my services have
 not been confined to this state; that
 they have rather been the services of a
 man to his lellow-men, a lawyer to hir
 client, and that I have never upbn an)
 occasion, here or elsewhere, or from
 anybody received, one farthing’s com
 pensation for my humble efforts on be
 half of human liberty, and in vindica
 tion of human rights. My only induce
 ment was a sense of conscientious duty,
 and, ask no other earthly reward, as I
 have elsewhere intimated, than.this
 simple inscription on my humble tomb,
 “Here lies the friend of the frit ndless,”
 Although, my dear Sir, I cannot say
 of you, as you have said Of me that “you
 have been engaged in L'ehalfof alleged
 fugitives,” I will, at least, do you the
 justice to say, though if may be consid
 ered but a negative compliment, that I
 have never during that period of time,
 in a single instance, known you to have
 been enlisted or engaged against them.
 You ask me “if I remember any in
 stance in which a colored man has been
 delivered to his claimant, and in which
 I have reason to believe lie had been
 adjudged to be a slave, contrary to the
 truth of the case?” I answer you very
 frankly and freely, That I never have.
 Thanks to the humane interference o(
 that Society which was established un
 der the auspices of Benjamin Franklin,
 and aided by the zeal and talent of
 such men as William Lewis, William
 Rawle, Jared Ingersoll, John Sergeant
 and others; and with thanks also to
 those upright, impartial, and independ
 ent Judges, by whom the rights of the
 parties were finally determined. I
 wish 1 could stop Acre; but I have known
 hundreds, who have been illegally
 and unjustly claimed; and I think you
 will agree with me, that it requires lit
 tle casuistry, to detrmine that such
 claims or traffic, cannot be justified or
 excused merely because, in their re
 sult they proved unsuccessful. In ad
 dition to this I have known attempts, of
 the most shameful character, to impose
 upon the alleged fugitive, in every va
 riety of way*, that cupidity could sug
 gest, or cruelty adopt.
 Can you then wonder, mj dear Sir,
 that with a mind imbued by such facts,
 the friends of the oppressed should
 look with great caution, great jealousy,
 if you please, upon almost every claim
 that may be preferred against these un
 happy beings. There is no disposition,
 or, at all events, no effort, to defeat
 the legitimate claimant jn his demand.
 All that is required is that he shall
 show his title—show it satisfactorily—
 to the Court, and there is an'end of it.
 But when he selects doubtful agents,or
 exhibits a doubtful title, or fails in
 proof of identity, or purchases the
 slave “running from any one who will
 sell him, certainly the Constitution nev
 er designed that such claims should
 succeed. And such has been the gen
 eral character of the claims that have
 been defeated*
 Very respectfully and truly yours,
 DAVID PAUL BROWN.
 [From the Pittsburgh Visitor.^
 WOMAN’S RIGHTS CONVENTION
 AND PEOPLE OP COLOR.
 Dear Mrs. Swissiielm:— ln the last
 Visitor, you say of a resolution relat
 ing to people of color, offered by Mr.
 Wendell Phillips in the late Convention
 of Women, at Worcester, Mass.
 “We are pretty nearly out of pa
 tience with the dogged perseverance
 with which so many of our Reformers
 persist in their attempt to do everything
 at once.”
 And again:
 In a Women’s Rights Convention,
 j the question of color hat. no right to a
 hearing.”
 It seemed as though the usually
 kindly spirit and good judgment of the
 Visiter were a little wanting in these
 two utterances. 1 should not have no-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSfiAY, DECEMBER 5, 1850.
ticed it at ait in most? of the publii
 i journals—indeed, 1 newer know noi
 care what but few of them do say; foi
 I should no more think of having then
 e in my house, political or religious, that
 I would of umoeulatieg the family will
 i the foulest leprosy that unjointec
 i the bones of a son of Abraham. Bu
 I your Visiter finds ready ontrance anc
 cheerful greeting, so that we are a
 little solicitous about its bearing to
 wards thft imw IT 111
 we nave invited.
 Dogged and perseverance” arc two
 ugly words standing together, and Mr
 Phillips has ever been very watchful to
 prevent any other topic from creeping
 to whatever platform he occupied; de
 voted to any particular reform. And
 those two worda look strange indeed to
 some of us, standing in connection
 with his name and the resolutions to
 which you have taken exception.
 But by way of explanation, (or if
 you please, apology,) permit me to
 say that colored persons arc held in
 such estimation in this country, that
 you must specify them whenever or
 wherever you mean to include them.
 Lyceums, circuses, menageries, ball
 rooms, billiard-rooms, conventions, ev
 erything, the Public are respectfully
 invited to attend. But who ever
 drepmed that "the public” meant any
 thing colored? From church and the
 atre; from stage-coach, steam-ship and
 creeping canal-boat; from the infant
 school, law school and theological sem
 inary; from museum, athenaeum and
 public garden, the colored race are
 either excluded altogether, or are ad
 mitted only by sufferance, or some very
 special arrangement, and under disad
 vantages to which no white person
 would or should submit for a moment.
 Fr e Masons must be white—both
 face and apron. Odd Fellows, too,
 must be constitutionally light of skin;
 and even the Sons of Temperance, and
 Daughters likewise, must be bleached
 to the popular complexional standard,
 or they are beyond the reach of sal
 vation.
 The Methodist Discipjine provides
 for separato colored Conferences.”
 The Episcopal church shuts out some
 of its own most worthy ministers from
 clerical recognition, on account of their
 color. Nearly all denominations of
 religionists have cither a written or un
 written law to the same effect. In
 Boston, even, there are
 churches whose pews are positively
 forbidden by corporate mandate from
 being sold to any but ,v respectable
 white persons.” Our incorporated ce
 meteries are often, it not always, deeded
 in the same manner. Even our hum
 blest village grave yards generally
 have either a “negro corner,” or re
 fuse colored corpses altogether; and
 did our power extend to heaven or hell,
 we should have complexional salvation
 and colored damnation, unless vre could
 first blot the unfortunate, unfashionable
 race altogether and forever out of ex
 istence.
 We have striven to separate the
 Ethiopian from all claim to human re
 cognition and human sympathy. No
 body but abolitionists ever mean colored
 people, no matter how often they speak
 of the public,” or of their fellow
 citizens.” or “fellow-sinners.”
 We have proscribed our colored
 brethren every way—everywhere; and
 under the late Fugitive Slave Law,
 everv colored man is to be presumed a
 slave, unless there is proof positive to
 the contrary; and if any one is only
 claimed and sworn to as a slave, such
 proof is at once made impossible. Be
 fore this law was enacted, his life was
 was a lingering torture —before, we
 were killing him by exclusion and op
 pression; now. we are murdering him
 with fear. We have barbed the iron
 arrows that pierced him. We have
 poisoned the fangs which were already
 tearing him in pieces—we have heated
 red hot the chains that bound him as in
 adamant before. We have separated
 him from us by a gulf which has neither
 shore nor bottom. So far as human
 sympathy and regard are concerned,
 almost everywhere the horse and hound
 are as human as he.
 And his race know it and feel it, as
 we cannot. Even the women’s Con
 vention demonstrated this, for scarcely
 a colored person, man or woman, ap
 peared in it.
 On the large committees appointed to
 carry out the plans of the Convention,
 embracing many persons in all, not a
 single colored member was placed. It
 is to be presumed that nobody thought
 of it, for we are not expected to think
 of colored people at all.
 Und.'r such circumstances, is il
 strange, it unpardonable sin, is il
 “dogged ponwerance,”to declare in
 a Cnnv■•■ntiim culled to demand and
 extend I n&lt;; rights of women, that we
 menu women of sable as well as sallow
 Complexion ol the carved in ebony a*
 well as the chisssled in ivory? If we
 did thus mean, Jthe Convention should
 not have been held, or being held, it
 would only deserve the scorn and con
 tempt of every friend of God and hia
 children. Color was not discussed
 there—it need not have been. But it
 was needed that the declaration be
 made in regard to it. Thai any women
 have rights, will scarcely be believed;
 but that colored women have rights,
 would never have been thought of,
 without a specific declaration.
 Most truly yours,
 pARKBR PILLSBURV.
 Concord, N. H., Nov. 18.
 Hon. James A. Bayard, it ia said,
 will be elected by the Delaware Leg
 islature to represent that State in the
 U. S. Senate, lri place of Mr Whales.
MEETING AT WARREN HALL.
 Wo copy from the Daily Spy tin
 following account of the proceeding
 1 at a pro-slavery lecture, given in this
 city a few evenings, since, at which i
 son of Senator Soule, from Louisiana
 undertook to enlighteo the good peoph
 of Worcester upon the subject of “con
 quering their prejudices,” and support
 ingthe fugitive slave law.
 -'HI i_:—
 plenty of it—JW w Orleans and nor
 cester.
 Decidedly the richest public exhibi
 tion of the season came ofTin this city,
 on Wednesday evening. It having
 been announced during the day, by
 means ol large posters, that Mr. Ne
 ville Soul, son of Senator Soule ol
 Louisiana, would hold forth at W ar
 ren Hall, upon ihe subject of the fugi
 tive Slave Law, and the importance ol
 a union of all parties for the preserva
 tion of»he Union, the hall was filled at
 the appointed hour, and the meeting
 was called to order by E. B. Stoddard.
 Esq., who disclaimed all sympathy with
 its objects, and stated that he consented
 to do so, only through motives of per
 sonal friendship for Mr. Soule, who
 was a fellow-student of the Cambridge
 Law School He informed the meet
 ing that it would be necessary to choose
 a chairman; but the liouor of presiding
 not seeming to he coveted by any one,
 and several unsuccessful attempts hav
 ing been made*to induce some person
 to take the chair, it was finally suggest
 ed tlrat Mr. Soule should go ahead
 with his remarks without a chairman,
 which he di‘d at once, in a style which
 we think would have done credit to
 Senator Foote. He alluded to the
 j contemplated meeting in Boston for
 the purpose of recalling the people of
 Massachusetts to a sense of their con
 stitutional obligations, and read the
 call for the same, with a list of some oi
 the signers, first among whom in close
 juxtaposition wo noticed the names of
 Wm. Appleton, Daniel Webster, and
 Charles Goidon par nobile frat rum.
 He said it was the wish of the people
 of Boston, that Worcester should send
 a large delegation, and that after the
 meeting any persons present could
 have the privilege of signing the call.
 Here the audience brake forth in peals
 of hearty laughter, but Mr. S., not at
 all abashed, dashed away into the mid
 dle of his subject, and went on with a
 doleful story about Northern aggres
 sions upon the rights of the South. He
 then flourished the sword of his rhetoric
 about the head and shoulders of Henry
 Clay, and shook out the political liver
 and lights of that distinguished states
 man, as a dog would a woodchuck.
 He thought that Daniel Webster was
 a true patriot, and deeply regretted
 that the people ol Massachusetts had
 turned such a deaf ear to lus counsels.
 He then invoked the spirits of our an
 cestors to the assistance of Mr. Web
 ster, and assured the audience that the
 threats against the Union, made at the
 South, did really mean something, and
 that if the ultraists of the North per
 sisted in their course, they would rend
 the Union. He then undertook to show
 that it was necessary, in order to con
 ciliate the South, always to preserve
 the equilibrium of slave and free
 States. Never would the South submit
 to a majority. No, she had Letter sit
 forever under the sway of Nicholas of
 Russia. The North had shown her
 power ir the 31st Congress. She had
 trampieu on the South. [Laughter,
 long continued, at which the speaker
 seemed amazed.] VV e will resist, and
 we will have the consolation, that the
 harder the struggle, the more glorious
 the triumph. You, have, in passing
 the Calitornia bill, said he, violated the
 Constitution and destroyed the equality
 of shares. [Much laughter He then
 quoted from Mr. Calhoun and Sam
 Houston, and wound up this part of the
 speech with the declaration, that no
 civilized people were ever so oppressed
 as the South was by the North, and no
 other people would have so long and so
 patiently submitted to the indignities
 placed upon them. What is to be
 done now? Submit? No! Death were
 preferable to "such dishonor! It the
 fugitive slave law is not enforced, do
 you suppose said he, that the South
 will submit? If they do, may they be
 consumed to ashes, before it shall be
 said as it was by Cromwell, 'the Lord
 has delivered them into our hands.
 Here the speaker paid another pass
 ing tribute to the ex-Godlike Senator
 from Massachusetts, and especially
 commended the patriotic speech of 27th
 of June, and then went off in a ran
 tankerous explodation against Abo
 litonists. Having exhausted, by their
 redundancy in his rhetoric, all the
 figures of speech be was master of,
 he next proceeded to open the under
 standings of his audience, by the
 figures of arithmetic, and went into a
 calculation, to show the pecuniary
 value to the South of the slaves who
 had run away in the last thirty years.
 He estimated that forty millions of dol
 lars would be required to satisfy the
 South on this score, as the North had
 sheltered the negroes, and not deliv
 ered them, in accordance with the con
 stitution, and they were bound in honor
 and in law to pay’ this just claim of the
 Sooth. *Tbe North owed it; it was
 spoliation and robbery of the South,
 and w’e all knew that t{ie refusal to
 render indemnity for spoliations had,
 in ail ag«a, been considered just cause
 for baring the sword and redressing
 wrong by that last resort. The North
 talked about humanity, when the mean
 ing of the word was utterly unknown
 among them. [Laughter.]
 But we have no time or space to
TERMS—S 2 Per Anniw, livariably A4vai&lt;f.
s things said by this sprig of chivalry.
 Suffice it to say, that we, in common
 j with ail present, felt grateful to the
 gentleman for his visit. As a lad re
 -1 marked upon the stairs, after it was
 over, “it was better than the theatre
 and twice as good as the circus.”
 When the gentleman had relieved
 himself of bis pent up magniloquence,
 upon a unanimous rail nf
 1 -trrvrrnr&amp;etr, 'Esq. "came lorward,
 and in behalf of the meeting, thanked
 Mr. Soule for the interesting exhibition
 ho had made of himself. “But for his
 kindness in coming here, many present
 might have never had the opportunity
 of listening to a real Southern speech,
 such as the fire-eaters at the South
 were in the habit of regaling them
 selves upon; and it was indeed gratify
 ing to all, to hear the talk of the young
 gentleman from Cambridge.” Mr.
 Maxwell then took up the points of the
 gentleman’s speech seriatim, and in a
 strain of eloquent railery and keenest
 sarcasm, which kept the audionce in a
 roar of laughter, and in which Mr.
 Soule could not help participating,
 showed the absurdity and folly of all
 the assumptions of the gentleman from
 the South. Other gentlemen addressed
 the meeting in a more serious strain;
 but was the prevailing sentiment
 that ruled the hour. The meeting had
 no chairman, but, with the exception of
 irrepressible bursts of laughter at
 Soule’s folly and Maxwell’s wit, the
 proceedings were conducted with good
 order and decorum, and the only re
 gret among our citizens yesterday,
 seemed to he, that a wider notice had
 not been given, and a larger hall ob
 tained, so that more might have been
 present to see the fun, and participate
 in the proceedings of a Union Meeting.
 A unanimous vote of thanks to Mr.
 Soule was passed by acclamation, and
 the meeting adjourned in the happiest
 possible mood.
 W o had a'most forgotten to mention
 that one signature to the call for the
 Boston meeting, was obtained. To
 Dr. H. G. Bates, ot this city, belongs
 that distinguished honor, of putting bis
 name, with his own hand, upon the
 same sheet with the head kneaders of
 Boston dough.— Christian Citizen.
 MEETING OF THE COLORED CITI
 ZENS IN MUSKINGUM COUNTS',
 '*T 'l* —«-iwi u
 An adjourned meeting of the colored
 citizens of Zanesjiiile, Putnam and vi
 cinities, was held at the M. E. Church
 in Zanesv ille, on the ‘23d ult., to hear
 the report of a committee on resolu
 tions appointed at a previous meeting.
 I he meeting was organized by calling
 E. W. Fields, to the chair and appoint
 ing J. McSimpson secretary.
 The chairman of the committee sub
 mitted the following Preamble and Res
 olutions which were adopted.
 “Whereas we hold these truths to
 be self-evident that all men were crea
 ted free and equal.
 And Whereas the fugitive slave law
 takes from us all these rights, and ur
 ges on and supports slavery in all its
 forms, in Free as well as Slave States;
 and not only deprives us of our liber
 ties, but infringes greatly upon the
 rights of those of our white friends who
 would do us good. Therefore,
 Resolved, That we treat this law
 with utter contempt: and that we will
 never in any case yield to any of its
 unjust requirements; first because it is
 in direct opposition to the laws of God;
 and secondly because it is detrimental
 to the peace and safety of all clasess,
 and parties in the United States.
 Whereas The Fugitive Slave Law
 gives us no chance of self protection,
 nor self defence, neither by law, nor by
 mig &gt;t;
 Therefore,
 Resolved, That we will do.all we can
 to have this law repealed, both by pray
 ing to God for the outpouring of his
 spirit to soften the hard and unfeeling
 hearts of our law-givers, and by peti
 tioning them for its repeal until it is
 blotted out.
 Resolved, That we will throw the
 arms of protection around our fugitive
 brethren and sisters, and that we wil
 feed »hem and clothe them, concea
 whem and assist them in their escape
 from the Negro Hounds, and blood)
 men, and we will perform all the deed:
 of love and mercy toward them that lie;
 in our power, let the consequences b&lt;
 what they may.
 Resolved, That whatever dissection
 there may now be among us on othei
 subjects,—or whatever prejudices wt
 may entertain against each other ot
 any account, on this subject,—Free
 dom to the slave and protection to the
 ree, we will be one—one in heart
 one in mind, and one in effort.
 In case an individual is arrester
 among us as a fugitive,
 Resolved, That we will, on such in
 formation, leave our several employ
 ments and assemble at the spot where
 the slave is held in custody, and there
 by supplication, remuneration or othei
 judicious means, endeavor to rescue th&lt;
 victim from his foe.
 Resolved, That a synopsis of the pro
 ceedings of this meeting be publisher
 in the Ohio Standard, the Concort
 Free Press, the North Star and the
 Christian Herald.
 Resolved, that our motto shall lx
 “Watch, fight ano prat.”
 E. W. FIELDS, Chairman,
 J. McSimpsox, Seo’y.
 |CP- Youth and age have too littl
 sympathy with each other. If th&lt;
 young would remember that thev raa
 be old, and the old would temembe
 that they have been young, the worl
 would be hapier.
WHOLE NO. 154.
medley.*
 cornea were the onginS* wearciaot'
 'rowgers. She say* that! tfth«t,«ti4fc*r
 garment was worn in the bipemetf ftwm"
 by the women ef ancient JNWliftt!*** 1 Tf 1
 this is true, we,suggest that
 nistorical step should he to show*
 Eve was the first man. r
 In the October number of tbeJKdin-
 burgh Review Is an entertaining and
 instructive article, upon the History of
 the English Language. The writer is
 down upon all inventions upon the
 genuine Saxon, and especially that
 classical vulgarity which exhibits itself
 tn its more ridiculous aspects in such
 sounding titles as “Eureka Shirts;”
 “Resilient Boots,” and “Eupodistic
 Bootmakers.” The style of Johnson
 is well know to have been impure,
 sonorous and cumbersome, and has had
 many imitators who have carried the
 defect of his manner to “ridiculous ex
 cess. ,r An instance of extravagant
 caricature of these imitators, is given
 in the following new mode] of ft portion
 of the 23d Psalm:
 “Detty is my pastor, I shall not be
 indigent. Thou
 annomtest ray locks with oditerous
 unquents—my chalics exhuberatesT
 Sir T nte j jnnm -he aapww
 to this absurd study the peroration of
 Sir Thomas Urqubart’s Jewel:
 “I could have introduced, in case of
 obscurity synonymal, exargastic,
 and palilogetic elucidations; for sweet
 ness of phrase, anumetathetic commu
 tation ol epithets; for the vehement ex
 citation of matter, exclamations in the
 front, and epiphonemas in the rear. I
 could have used for the prompther
 stirring up of passion, apostrophal and
 prosopopoeial diversions; and for the
 appeasing and settling of them, some
 epanorthetic revocations and aposto
 petic restraints. I could have inserted
 dialogism, displaying their interrogato
 ry part with communicatively-pysmatic
 and sustentative flourishes, orprolep
 tically, with the refutative schemes of
 anticipationtion and subjection; and
 that part which concerns the responso
 ry, with the figures of petmission and
 concession.”
 Air. A. Bronson Alcott of Boston,
 proposes to deliver seven lectures in
 New York, the coming winter, or cer
 tain individual's whom he takes to be
 pecuiiary the representatives of New
 England character and genius. The
 topics and persons are as follows: Or
 der, Daniel Webster; Progress, W.
 L. Garrison; Popular Rights, Theo
 dore Parker; Social Lite, W. H.
 Channing; Women, S. Margaret Ful
 ler; Literature, R. Waldo Emerson;
 Humanity, Dr. Channing.
 Mr. Alcott proposes to give the same
 course in Salem, if sufficient en
 couragement is offered. Enquire of
 W. S. B. Ives.
 Thomas D. McGee, Esq., will lec
 ture in Lawrence, on Monday evening
 next, upon “The Mission of the Irish
 Race in Europe and America.”
 At a meeting of the National Tem
 perance Society, of New York, on
 Monday, a mar sheeted out that he
 would give $25 to niuks Daniel Web
 ster a life member; and then offered
 £25 for Heury Clay; a fhird would do
 the same for some other distinguished
 noafk, when a person in the gallery cried
 out $5O for Frederick *&gt;ougiass. Bah!
 aaid some one sitting behind Henry
 Ward Beecher. Let every one reply
 in t.isown vernacular, instantly respond
 ed the Rev. Mr. Wakly, turning to the
 individual who bah’d, with a most sig
 nificant gesture. A tremendous roar
 of laughter followed this happy hit.—
 Essex Co. Freeman.
 Opimon of Slavery in New Or-'
 leans. —We have noticed that, fer
 some time, the ultra Southern papers
 have not rauked Louisiana as among
 the States likely to join the proposed
 Southern Confederacy, or likely to aid
 in its establishment. The following
 which we clip from the N. Orleans
 Courier, may be a sufficient explana
 tion:
 Startling! Abolition Strength in the
 city of New Orleans!—ln conversing
 with a very intelligent citizen of the
 Second Municipality yesterday, and
 who has resided in this city for many
 years, upon the state of public opinion
 here upon the slavery question, we
 were altogether amazed and confound
 ed to hear him declare his belief, that
 if the question of the abolition of sla
 very in Louisiana, were submitted to
 the people of New Orleans, the ques
 tion would be carried by a two-third
 vote! Believing ourselves that so
 monstrous a proposal could not com
 mand a five per cent vote, out of the
 whole population, we mentioned the
 subject to several of our friends, and
 though they all agreed that the opinion
 expressed was extravagant and exces
 sive, we were hardly less amazed and
 confounded to hear them admit, as
 they distinctly did, that upon such an
 issue, it was doubtful, upon which side
 the majority of the citizens of New
 Orleans would be found! We are
 constrained to admit that the gentlemen
 referred to, have had greater opportune
 ties than we have, to come to a safe
 and soilhd conclusion upon such a mat
 ter; but the solace we derive, from
 the counter opinions which have always
 been ours, are altogether too precious
 and conservative of the peace and of
 the rights of the South, to be parted
 with and surrounded, but upon fuller
 proofs; but at the same time we muat
 concede, that the statements made to
 us by persons of so jnuch respecta
 bility and wirth, beWken a state of
 public sentiment here, of the weightiest
 import, and of which we had not until
 now, the smallest conception!— Cin.
 hoc. Enn.
 Telegraphs in America. The
 Ohio, Indiana and Illinois Telegraph
 Company has now taken a new organ
 ization. It is one of the moat extensive
 lines in the world, and haa now 1600
 miles in working order. Such is the
 extension of the telegrah system in
 the thinly peopled countries of the far
 west, while it can hardly be said that
 the telegraph is in general work in this
 country. The announcement of the
 length held by one company in the
 United States, ought to be an encour
 agement to operations here.— Louth
 AeriUer.
 Mr. Hiland Hall, of Vermont:' haa
 been appointed Second Comptroller
 Vice Gov. Paris, from Maine,
