Reception of George Thompson, -Great
 Meetin f at tho City H«ll-B©aton Re
 baked-Free Discussion Triumphant.
 Last Saturday morning, was convened in
 the city of Worcester, one of ilie largest and,
 most enthusiastic meetings evei held in this
 city, for the purpose of doing honor to one oi
 the noblest, and lhlest defenders and advo
 cates of human rights that the world has
 erer known, Mr. George Thompson, member
 of the British Parliament.
 It is well known to all of our readers, that
 Mr. Thompson visited this country some fif
 teen years ago, when the Anti-Slavery move
 ment was in ita infancy, and that he did most
 effectual service to the cause at that time,
 by his eloquent pleadings in behalf of the
 slave. His conduct on the occasion of his
 former visit endeared him to the hearts of
 many who coincided in his views, and who
 labored with him in the same holy cause,
 and, after his return to his native land, he
 continued to lake the deepest interest in the
 progress of a movement in which he had
 labored, and for the success of which he was
 so deeply interested.
 During the fifteen years of his absence
 Mr. Thompson has, in his own country by
 hie efforts in behalf of down-trodden, humani
 ty, "on f° r himself ihe enviable position of a
 place in the fust rank of England’s reformers;
 and occupying such a position, he has of
 course not been unmindful of the friends he
 had left upon tuts side of the water, hut has
 kept up a constant correspondence with the
 “pioneers of progress’* in the United States.
 Wishing to see with hisown eyes the indi
 cations of progress, and to exchange gtatula
 tions again with the friends of former yeats,
 at the close ot a session of Parliament, he
 resaUes to visit the United States again. His
 personal ftienda being apprised of the matter,
 determined to gue him, ae a token of their
 regard and apprectrtion of his valuable ser
 vices, a public reception in Fineuil Hall.
 Iha meeting had no particular reference to
 the anti-slavery agitation, and in coming to
 this country the second tune, Mr. Thompson
 had declared before hand to his friends, that
 it was not his puipose to take any active pait
 in the dicussions of the day.
 Of the disagiet able proceedings in Faneuil
 Hall; by which the meeting was broken up,
 our readers are already apprized, and also of
 the fact, that finding Free Speech forbidden
 in B&lt;iston, the meeting determined to appeal
 to the heart of the common wedlh instead ot
 the head, adjourn d to Worcesiet.
 The meeting was announced to commence
 at 10 o'clock, but long before the hour strived
 the seats were filled. A special train from
 Boston with five long cars brought some two
 hundred and fitly passengers from the eastern
 part of the state', who were determined not to
 be deprived of the pleasure &lt;&gt;f hearing Mr.!
 Thompson speak by the audacity of Boston!
 Whiggery or the lenussness of the city ati-j
 thorities to sustain the laws.
 Ai the appointed hour, the meeting being!
 an adjournment, the same officers were rem-!
 stated, and Edmund Quincy, upon taking ihe
 chair, addresseil the audience in brief but ap
 propriate terms. After alluding to the cir
 cumstances connected with the breaking up
 of the Boston Meeting, and slating that it
 was only a small part of the audience which
 was engaged in those disorderly proceedings,
 he said “Boston having thus disgraced her
 self, it is for the heart of the commonweallh
 to administer the rebuke; and we are here
 to-day, [cheers] we have come to your homes,
 knowing that here we shall be safe from dis
 orderly interruption; and even if theie should
 be evil disposed or riotous persons, vou have
 here a Mayor and a Police who are able and
 willing to do their duty. In the name of that
 meeting 1 thank the citizens of Worcester lor
 the welcome they have given us. 1 thank
 them for having opened this spacious hall for
 our accommodation, and that they are here in
 such numbers to greet us.”
 A series of resolutions was then offered by-
 Mr. Garrison, a part of which were highly
 complimentary to Mr. Thompson, and a
 patt expressive of the strongest indignation
 against the coriupiion t.nd venality of the
 Boston press, and the remissness of its city
 authorities in enforcing the law s. The ques
 tion being upon the adoption of the icsolu
 tions, Wendell Phillips of Boston was call-!
 ed for, and came forward and said:
 Mr. Chairman—l do not know that I can
 add anything to the topics of w elcome w hich
 the resolutions have suggested. They cover j
 the whole ground of the reasons of the call
 of this meeting, —that we are clieered by the
 presence of an old ftiend in our midst, and
 they exptess, with becoming indignation, the
 feelings which every lover of the Common
 wealth must cherish, at Ihe sensation which
 his presence has excited in the capital of the
 State. [Applause.] i do not know, Mr.
 Chairman, but that we chose the time of our
 meeting inauspiciou»ly in the good city of
 Boston; we did not remember the staie ol
 mind, in which the conservatism of Massa
 chusetts was then existing. [Applause.]
 We had forgotten that we call a meeting to
 welcome to the shores of America, one of
 the most eloquent and efficient laborers m the
 auli-slavery vineyard, at a moment w hen the
 spasms ol recently defeated conservatism, had
 hardly paaaed away, [cheers] —that Massa
 chusetts, to&lt;! long passive in the hands of its
 wealth and its capital, had atisen at last, as it
 to sweep frotji the seaboard the pests that
 have d.sgraced the policy of New England
 for so many yeais. (Cheers.) Thus swept
 by an avalanche of country indignation, we
 could not expect, at such a moment, that ihe
 minds of our fellow citizens in the capital
 should be at ease in view of any new acces
 sion ol strength, to the anti-slavery sentiment
 of tt-e country. [Cheers.] We should have
 paused; w'e should have given to the spoili
 child us way awhile. [Applause and laugh
 ter] But we had fondly hoped, that even
 the Boston of 1850 was a very different city
 from the Boston of 1835. We tried ihe ex
 periment and were disappointed. But, for
 one, when 1 look hack upon it, 1 am not sup
 prised. The battle is not jet finished: it is
 not yet at the hottest. [Cheers.] 'I he op
 posing aimies have not joined in the conflict;
 they are only marshaled lace to face.”
 The eloquent speaker ihen reviewed the
 gradations of progress in the last fifteen
 years, a °d alter presenting a most graphic
 iepresetitanon ol the day of small things,
 continued follows:
 “But, whfci do we see now. That little
 contracted bano of laborers, hardly able to
 hold up in the mio's-i of the dense miasma ol
 national indifference, the flickering mich by
 which they were endeavoring to ariest at
 tention, —why, that torch has been seized
 from our (altering hand by the great patties,
 by the charming thousands of our country
 men.— Ihe cause has been launched upon the
 floor of Congiess, and there absoibed every
 other political issue. The Tariff may be de
 scribed—with a telescope, perhaps—lar back
 in the distance, internal Improvements are
 heard of m the last edition ol Emma Wil
 lard’s History, and no where else. [Cheers,
 and laughter Daniel Webster, who boasted
 that he had never opened his bps on the sub
 ©i slavery, has at last been obliged to
 •peak. Nevet did any man make such anti
 slavery w°r» as he has done.’’
 Mr. P. thv n alluded to the political contests
 of the panics, particularly to ihe overthrow
 of Henry Clay, by J. K. Polk, on the Texas
 issue, when his party *t’3a iso well marshaled,
 ed, and continued—
 “l say, this is the difference in the Anti-
 Slavery enterprise from wiiat it was. Instead
 of going from town to tu*n on its mission ol
 influencing individuals, it now sets up and
 pu Is down pripces, gives or takes away repu
 taiion, builds or scatters parties, and monopo
 lises the attention of the nation. [Great a&gt;
 p auw.] On the rail-road, the ieam-boat,
 at the private house, the church, it sw al
 lows up every other question, it tt fhe na
 tional question of this generation. The alive
 power trembles in ihe balance, having
 harked against it the strength, the mtelKci
 the moral wealth of the country at laige!
 Isay that we bat*, finally
 conquered one half of the United States. No
thanks to ourselves, no think* to the P'*”
 hated, despised abolitionist. N-o, thank Goc
 that whom ho would destroy, he first make
 mad (applause,) an J out of the madness
 Webster and Clay, the attempt to fore
 the fugitive slave bill of 1850 down the whi
 party, and we find that the party is uot abf
 to count the fugitives fr &gt;m its own ranks.'
 (Applause.) Mr. P. then alluded to the re
 cent political contest in this State, and it
 result, atid said he icjoiced, because we h&lt;ul
 in the great progress of the state, put dow,
 a mile stone which the South can see. H&lt;
 tejoiced, because, potent as is the influence
 eloquent as is the voice, and moat influentia
 is the testimony of such a man as Danie
 U r ebster in the United States Senate, w&lt;
 about to send tbeie a successor to him
 would more truly represent the princi
 were nd feelings of the State,
 who Phillips concluded his eloquent addresi
 pies a we:—l trust we shall see that anti
 Mr. piinciples have so far multiplied it
 as follohat even George Thompson can tnaki
 a triumphal progress from state to state, am
 fiotn height to height, through the limits o
 this old state. Lei me hope he will ieapi
 from triumph to triumph, and feel that wr
 have given the beat pledges, the most palpa
 ble, the most unmistakable, that, constitution
 or no constitution, Massachusetts is free.”
 On concluding, Mr. Phillips was greeted
 with loud cheers, w hich were again and again
 lenewod in the most enthusiastic manner or
 the rising of George Thompson, who next ad
 dressed ihe meeting as follows:
 George Thompson's Speech, at the City Hall,
 in Worcester, Saturday, Nov. *3, 1850.
 Mr. Thompson rose amidst the most en
 thusiastic applause, which was again and
 again renewed. He spoke aa follows:
 Citizens of Worcester —Ladies and Gen
 tlemen:—l must acknow ledge, in very brief
 terms, this, your very cordial welcome, to the
 heart of ihe State of Massachusetts. My
 speech must be wholly unpiemeditated; arid,
 delivered under ciicumstances Ijke these, it is.
 likely to be extremely imperfect and uncon
 nected. For, however qualified 1 may be to
 withstand opposition, and contend with preju
 dice, and haired, and malignity, 1 do not pre
 lend to be able, at any lime, to acknowledge
 Bomplimenla to myself, or to make a suitable
 return to those who are pleased, in their
 partiality and friendship, io pronounce an en
 comium upon mo. (Cheers.)
 To me, it is much more congenial to
 liavs to fight with beasts at Ephesus, than
 to contend will the smile and approbation of;
 those who sympathise with me. (Loud
 -•beers.) Therefore, ladies and gentlemen,
 if you expect from me, this morning, an
 ploquent acknowledgement of ihe compli
 ments which have been paid me by mv
 fiiend, who has just sat down, you are doom
 ed to disappointment.—And it you expect
 tom me, a speech suited to the meridian ol
 hat part of Faneutl Hall which is situated
 immediately below the chandelier, you ex
 pect a speech most inappropriate in the City
 Hall of the heart ot Hie Old Bay Slate.
 'Laughter and cheers.)
 My friends, my advent in this country, an
 lounced by telegraphic communication, made
 known to the citizens of the great country,
 with extraordinary celerity, and particularny,
 seems to have created a great sensation; and
 what is it all about 1 (Loud cheers.) 1 can
 not understand. I come to this country upon
 no special mission; those to whom 1 com
 municated my intentions, a fortnight before 1
 lell England, will bear me witness tha:, in
 my own hand writing, 1 declared 1 did not
 -ome to this country to undertake, as 1 un
 de ilook in 1835, an anti-slavery mission; but
 to see those with whom 1 had been privileged
 lo labor in this land, in the days mat were
 passed, and to have an opportunity of ascer
 taining for myself, what you had been doing
 in this country, during the period that hod
 elapsed since my former visit. (Cheers.)
 But it seems that 1 am to be identified, as
 closely as ever, w ith the anti-slavery cause!
 Be u so! (Loud cheers.) Jt appears ihai
 again, in my person is to be tested tho right
 of a man, m any part of the world, to ex
 press his opinions upon matters connected
 with the freedom and happiness of the human
 race! Beitso!—Cheers.) it appears that mobs
 arc again to be summoned to the easy work
 of silencing my voice! Be it so! If i am
 not to be peimilled to be a quiet sjieciulor,
 and sojourner, and traveller, among you in
 this country; if it must be so that 1 am lo be
 every hour identified with your peculiar na
 tional struggle, lor the freedom of three mil
 lions of slaves; and made answerable fur the
 principles and sentiments of such men as
 those who sit on this platfotm! Bo it so!
 (Cheers.) And further, if it be necessary, in
 the year 1850, or 1851, for a man to endme
 and suffer in defence of tho right of speaking
 in any pan of the world, ins mind on ihe
 subject ol human rights, I am content, h.i
 the rcatof this year, lor the whole of next
 year, until the question be settled, to remain
 in the United States of America. (Immense
 and long continued cheers.) I have nut
 sought this controversy, but 1 shall not shun
 it, (cl eers) and, should I live, 1 am determined
 to have the last word upon it. (Ixiud cheers.)
 lam biaudt das a loreigner! Weil, oit he
 a crime, others are more responsible lor ji
 than myself. (Laughter and cheers.) lam
 told that speech is to be bounded by geo
 graphical lines; they have not been as vet
 defined; and lam perplexed. May J express
 my thoughts upon American affairs, in Kmr.
 laud? May 1 express them, while the vessel
 that bears me here is gliding down the Mer
 sey? May J express them, when we have
 lost sight ot Cape Cleai* May 1 express
 them half way over the Atlantic? Am 1 then
 Iree to speak what 1 think of America in
 connexion with hei domestic institutions her
 peculiar domestic institutions? (Cheers and
 iaughter.) May 1 speak all the way over the
 Atlantic? Will ihe free winds that fill our
 sailj, rebuke me? No! Will the chainless
 billows that play around our ship forbid me?
 No. Shall I meet with no rebuke, unless it
 be from some fellow passenger, claiming ihe
 right of insulting any man that lifts up bis
 voice in behalf of the slaves that are weep
 ing or bis plantations? (Cheers.) When does
 my right cease to be a right? Why have 1
 not ihe right here? I have yet to learn that
 I have been rebuked by ihe voice of your
 own institutions! Your forefathers, very
 plainly and veiy openly, one fine morning,
 spoke out their mmds, ami you are what you
 are, to-day, because they declared, in the
 face of the world, the light of £very human
 being to free action, l&gt;oes it rebuke me for
 piocla ming this self-evident truth, that “God
 has created all men free and equal?” (Cheers.)
 But then the question is said to be Ameri
 can, and lan to be put down! But, who
 says so? Do the three millions of slaves at
 the South say "Put him down?" If they
 were not smittep with dumbuesa, by the rod
 of ihe enchanter, they would answer that
 they desired not that 1 should be put down!
 Am 1 told to be silent by the five hundud
 thousand colored persons, who are scattered
 all over the free Stales of America? I have
 not met with a single colored man who con
 jured me to be silent in reference to the
 wrongs of his race on these When
 at Faneuil Hall, l was told that I had no right
 to speak. By whom w.s 1 told this? By
 the orderly and the decent? No. By the in
 tellectual and moral? No. By the sober and
 the patriotic? No. By any portion of the
 community ot this great counliy, for whom 1
 could entertain any respect, and by whose
 judgment lam likely to be guided? No. But
 by those who had come together to enjoy an
 hours s amusement, in preventing even their
 own citizens from being beard; and who. in a
 temple consecrated to Liberty, insulted the
 goddess at her own altar.—[Tremendous
 cheers.] If lam to follow the advice of any
 portion of the American community, shall 1
 follow the advice of some hundred' and fifty
 boys, who mingled their voices together on
 ihe occasion referred to? Certainly not?
 But, my friends, with or without permission
 of such persons, 1 claim the right to speak
 my thoughts, on the question of slavery, to
 *ny audience, either here or elsewhere; and
shall not be terrified by any opposition 1
 may meet with, whatever form that opposition
 s may take! I will follow the example of Ame
 f rica and Americans in this respect. 1 4 ltave
 e travelled in many parts of this woild. 1 qave
 i met Americans in all parts of the world; ami
 3 I have not found that the cilizens of the
 United States of Ameiica hare, of all men,
 been the most prudent, or the most taciturn,
 y in reference to their opinion of the institutions
 cf the countries in which they have travelled.
 3 I have met an American missionary on the
 t shores of Madias, f have heard him stand
 up and revile the gods of a hundred millions
 I of the human rad!, and they the subjects of
 I the British Queen. 1 have heard him de
 nounee all that fps-most connected with the
 prejudices, and intimately associated with
 the government of the country. I have me)
 with Americans, even .under the walls of the
 great Mogul of Delhi! American mission
 aries there grappled with the supeistilions
 and eriors ot the Mahomed an, and I have
 commended them for their boldness of speech,
 I which led them, in the midst of danger, i«
 declare “the whole counsel of God.”
 I have before me at this moment, an illus
 trious example. worthy of all imitation; and 1
 shall take the liberty of citing, in my behalf,
 this morning, a Senator of the United Stales.
 The document which 1 have here, pnrports to
 be a speech, delivered by Hon. Lewis Cass o|
 Michigan, in the Senate, on Friday, 4th Jan.
 1850, “on suspending onr diplomatic relatione
 with Austria.” What does the honorable
 Senator say
 “1 heely confess that 1 shall hail the .''aj
 w ith pleasuie when this Government, reflect
 ing the true sentiments of the people, shall
 express its sympathy for smuggling millions,
 seeking, in circumstances of peril and oppres
 sion, that liberty which was given to them by
 but has been wrested from them by man.
 I do not see any danger 4o the true independ
 j ence of nations by such a course; and indeed
 am by no means certain that the interchange
 of public views in this solemn manner would
 not go far towards checking the progress of
 oppression and the tendency to war. Why,
 sn, the very discussion in high places and
 free places—and here is one of them —even
 when discussion is followed by no act, is it
 setl a great element ot retributive justice to
 punish n when a atrocious deed is done, and
 a great dement of moial power to restrain it
 when such a deed is contemplated. I claim
 fin our country no exemption from the decrees
 of these high tribunals; and when we are
 guilty ot a tithe of the oppression and cruelty
 which have made the Austrian name a name
 of reproach through the world, I hope we
 .-hall leceive, and we s:.all well merit, the
 upprobiium of mankind.”
 “Now, sir, 1 say it without reserve, that a
 power thus setting at defiance the opinion of
 the world ‘Maik, lie speaks ot government
 action, and not ot the expression of indep n
 dent opinion by one individual.’ I—and'vio
 lating the best feelings of our nature, in the
 veiy wantonness of successful cruelty, has no
 bond ot union with the American people.
 The sooner the diplomatic intercourse is dis
 solved—and dissolved with marks of indignant
 reprobation—the sooner'shall we peiform an
 act of public duty., which, at home and
 abroad, will meet with feelings of kindred
 sympathy from all, wherever ihrv may be,
 wiio are not fit subjects for the lender mercies
 of Austrian power.”
 Finally, he commends the Sultan at Con
 stantinople, tor having cherished ihe fugitive
 slaves, that fled from the banks of ttie Dan
 ube. [lronical cheers.] He thinks it highly
 to the credit ot this head of (lie Ottoman em
 pire, who has taken up, and sheltered, ihe
 rotugees; and refused to yield to the remon
 stiauce ot Austria and Russia. He says:
 “The Divan, faithful to thp traditions of
 Eastern hospitality, il not to the obligations
 ot the law ot nations, fitmlv refused the deli
 very of the lugiiives, and tflus spared another
 “deluge of blood,” to use and words of the
 great Roman historian, lit this sad drama ot a
 nation’s oveithrow.”
 Now; sir, 1 contend that the true reason
 why m se and tiiera are denied liberty ul
 speech upon American affairs, is, that there
 is in your midst a system which cannot bear
 investigation, and the opposition to which is
 at variance with the interests and prejudices
 and lusts of a large portion ol this community,
 (cheers Hut, sir, were it nor so, still 1
 should claim the right, on this and every oc
 casion, of offering an explanation of my
 views upon the question ol Slavery, and on
 every question connected w ith the interest ol
 mankind.
 Rut, permit me to say, that England has a
 peculiar right, in the person of any one of her
 sons, to “interfere,” it the Booth will call it
 in ihe question of Slavery. 1 have been
 tuld, again and again, on the other side of the
 Atlantic, that England is answerable for tins
 insiiiuiion; thaVwe bought, planted, and wa
 tered, here, from age to age, this deadly
 plant; that to and upon England, and not on
 America, rests the responsibility and the
 guilt of this atrocious system. Well, be it so!
 (cheers.) If this be the fact—and for the
 present 1 am not going to deny it—certainly
 an Englishman, who regrets that England
 ever entertained tfie crime of enslaving any
 portion of the human lace, may be permuted
 lo come and make his friends an earnest ap
 peal to the political principles, ihe moral feel
 ings, and the religious sentiments, of ihe peo
 ple of America, in behalf of the liberation of
 the descenderits of those whom England en
 slaved before the era of your revolution.
 [Loud cheers.]
 Rut, sir, is it not a fact, that the subjects
 ol Her Majesty, the Queen of England, are
 not free to go to any ol your Southern ports'
 that the colored crews of vessels trading
 Irom the islands of ihe West Indms are taken
 out and imprisoned, not as the free subjects ot
 another nation, hut as criminals, and are not
 restored to liberty until the vessel is ready
 again to embark upon the ocean. Sir, 1 as
 seit that, as an Englishman, I have a right
 to protest against tins. [Applause I con
 tend that I have a tight to claim, for my col
 oied fellow subjects, the liberty which every
 sailor ori board United States ehips enjoys, on
 entering the jiorls of England, «i any of Eng
 land’s dependences in any part of the world.
 [Loud cheers But, sir, I have the right to
 complain of your inflicting upon the objects
 ol reform in England, a most serious injury,
 and ot retarding the progress of liberal opin
 ions there, by enabling the enemies of human
 treedom to quote the example of America, as
 that ol a nation having adopted the form of
 republican institutions, to erush closer to the
 earth one-sixth ot her population.
 Again, sit. let those who seek to silence
 me in America, be consistent, and silence
 the men they have sent over from thiscountrv
 to the other side. Why, sir, it has been my
 unpleasant task to track Americana over our
 country, during the 15 years 1 have been ab
 sent from you again and again—to make, in
 deed, almost the circuit of the British Islands
 —to luiKWi antidotes to the pro-slavery poi
 son which Americans have disused through
 our land. 4fLnud cheers
 I hay have corrupted our churches; they
 have shackled our ariti-aiavery movements;
 they have misrepresented the abolitionists ot
 this country; they have wholly caricatured
 the condition of the slaves at the South.
 Many of those who ran well lor a time in
 England, have been turned aside from the
 right course,by the effoits of men who, if not
 lor this purpose sent over the water, one of
 their objects, at least, on getting over there,
 was to murder the public mind of Englaud on
 ihe question of American Slavery, (cheers.)
 In return lor the visits of tlieh gentlemen, 1
 persume to offer myself to the attention of the
 citizens of the United States of America.
 (Loud cheers.)
 Did. your hear of these gentlemen being
 mobbed m England! Never! Did you bear ol
 Deorge Thompson denying any his right to
 speak! Never Some of them mtghl have
 said they ownd a hearing in England lo
 ihe humble individual who now stands before
 you. (Applause.) The vilest proslavery
 advocate, who may tread our shores, shall be
 sure of a hearing, if it is in my power to ob
 tain it for him. [lmmense cheering But lam
told, since I arrived here, lhat this agitatioi
 must lie pot down, (a laugh.) 1 have do
 been Jolt) how. I wail to bear. Do the gtea
 tit3»«a of this countiv say lhat it shall be pu
 down? Never lam afraid—-to use i
 ciunmi ii English expression—that they havt
 reckoned without th* ir host. (Laughter.)
 am afraid they resemble certain mice we rea'
 of in the table, who undertook to bell the cat
 but then the question was, how the cat wai
 to be belled, and the wisest among ihom fail
 cd to discover the method. (Laughter.
 They have fulminated anathemas against you
 at Washington; but havt they put down th&lt;
 anti-slavery agitation Shall it he put down
 [Jjoud cties of No Have they not to wai
 wtih the very instincts of humanity Havt
 they not, fiist, to silence the veTy sympathies
 of tire country! And.they can oevet doit!
 Sir, I might congratulate ihis assembly up
 on the progress that has been made, since 1
 was last here. (Hear! heat!) It was my
 good fortune to be m Faneuil Ha l on anoth
 er occasion than' that to which reference hat
 been made by the chair, and to hear Mr
 Charles Sumner deliver a most able nnd elo
 qoeti. address in denunciation of ilie Fugitive
 Slavs Bill. (Applause 1 could not forge
 that 16 years befote, that Hall wis crowds
 with persons anxious to hear one who caro&lt;
 there for the purpose of denouncing me, an&lt;
 of recommending to the people ot Massaclm
 setts the passage ot a law, making it criminal
 ever to discuss thequeslion of Slavery. (Ap
 plause I could not hut contrast the state o
 things then; and, had I taken ship for my na
 tive country the following morning, I shouk
 have' returned home with the congiction tha‘
 the 15 years that had passed had been crown
 ..,l vJ.i. as great success in defence of humai
 1 mtiw■K»«k top w&gt;.
 KeVfn the h'™’ ,he orld (cheers,;
 Still, veu have only begun this great »,rug
 gle; still you have mon’ than thr W millions o
 slaves in your territories. falk h,s
 try beinjf free! It is not An
 lishm|*i, who is honest in opii."' ,on cannol
 traveltm the country! Could I see
 mothraveof Kentucky! lam obliged 10
 content with seeing the representation on cJ' B
 vass! [cheers.] But if I undertook a jout
 ney to those caves, and lived to get there, do
 you think I should ever come out! (Ap
 plause.] I may gaze upon the rivers of any
 other portion of jhe globe; but, may I gaze
 upon the Father of Waters at tho South?
 cioss the Potomac* or visit your western
 wilds? Let Austria and Russia be railed at,
 as General Cass pleases may I travel in the
 sunny South, as I rnay in any portion of
 these most despotic countries of Europe? Ap
 plause. J If this he the case, that you cannot,
 at the South, pronounce your candid opinions
 of the Slavci v institution of this ceuntiy, is
 your country free? (No, no.] And if your
 country is not free, what must be the effect
 upon other countries? Why, that every ad
 vocate of Kingcraft and State and Priest
 craft, in the Old World, quotes this damning
 fact, and throws it in the path of those who
 are laboring for reform under other govern
 ments. [Applause.]
 Why, my friends, I should not venture to
 have any part in tlie anti-slavery agitation of
 this country, if I felt myself tebuked fur any
 lack of sympathy for the reform movements of
 England; but 1 can truly say, that 1 have
 never, in any public addresses that I I ave
 made in my life, uttered one solitary senti
 ment repugnant to the principles which you
 cherish in this country. [Applause.] Ev
 erywhere have I endeavored to prejmte men
 )or a great struggle for‘the es’ablishanent of
 those princ pies. Everywhere have i sought
 to recommend whatever was aohle in vour
 own conduct, to the imitation of those wt&gt;o
 sought to be free. Having done this, and
 feeling quite sure thut it was my solemn duty
 to promote the cause of Freedom, and being
 confident that no man can quote anything 1
 ever uttered, derogatory to the principles ol
 other lands, or inimical to the intetestsof the
 institutions of America; I think 1 may ask,
 when I am invited to deliver an address, that
 I may have perm ssion to do so, not wnh fear
 and trembling, but standing erect, as a free
 man amongst freemen, willing tha: my opin
 ions should be canvassed, my principle*inves
 tigated by what Ido to carry out the great
 principles on which you have made the foun
 dation of your own independence. [Loud
 cheers
 I shall not detain this meeting longer, this
 morning, hoping to add a few additional
 words in the after pari of the day. I will
 conclude, by expressing my satisfaction at
 finding in this great State, all the elements
 that are necessary to make this great cause
 triumphant. Ido riot think it necessary now,
 for myself ot any other man to cum* tu this
 country as a missionary, on tho sthject of
 Fieedom. (Applause) When I was in this
 country, before, I had audiences few in num
 ber, and the sympathy in jhe princi|JpB I ad
 vocated, was extremely limited and weak.
 But I come among you to-day, and find you
 have ically no need of foreign tnlerlerenoe.
 You have eloquence of the highest order, vir
 toe, courage, and self-denial, equal to any that
 were ever exhibited in behalf of any Reform
 movement in the world.— (Cheers.) You
 have men and women amongst you w hom n. is
 as idle to suppose can be put down, as that
 Mrs. Partirigton could keep back the waves ol
 the Atlantic, standing in her patten* and hav
 ing only a broom in her hands. (L ughter,
 and Cheers I venture to say, that not all
 the statesmen of this country can put them
 down. They are putting tlipmselves down,
 from their high places of power aad cruelty,
 and in thus addressing the abolitionist, they
 might be made to speak of him as John the
 Baptist did of the coming of Christ. “I must
 decrease, but thou shall increase. (Applause.)
 Lot no man, who expects to live seven years
 longer, talk of putting down abolition. Let
 no man desirous of fame; the aspirant for
 honor, or any man, who wishes his name to
 be remembered and cherished, when he is
 dead, talk of putting it down. (Cheers.) No.
 sir, jl is not in nature that these principles
 can be put down, either by threats, or Reso
 lutions, or laws themselves, and I have been
 refreshed, as 1 have mingled with the people
 of this State, to find that they have “conquer
 ed their prejudices,” (laughter and loud
 cheers.) and that they have harnessed them
 selves lor the lace that is before them. (Con
 tinued cheers.) I wish them God speed.
 The cause of liberty is to be fought on your
 shores! It is a sublime spectacle that the for
 eigner is called on to behold in this country at
 this moment.
 It is hero that Christianity is fighting her
 noblest battle? Looking over the face of the
 world, I cannot find anything resembling the
 battle ground between Christianity and Des
 potism, similar to that I find here. I cannot
 doubt, for a moment, the issue of that conflict!
 I cannot doubt that y.-u will act worthy of
 your ary-'-t•'»«. You w ill cany out the prin
 ciples upon which v ui established your own
 freedom; ami, be a surt &lt;1 of tins, that we, on
 the ulhti «nie, w ho arc seeking to elevate our
 fel ow-subj vs to the enjoyment of ihat liber
 ty which is jour birlli-right, wish you well,
 and see With joy-the progress you make in
 this great cause (Applause.) Therefore
 beseech you, my friends, not merely fot
 the sake of your own country, hut for the
 sake of all other lands, where the freedom
 that is man’s inheritance", is partially or en
 tirely withheld; 1 beseech you, that you
 siand fast m the great cause of the abolition
 of slavery; and be assured that we, in the old
 country, shall deeply sympathize with you in
 all your movements, and rejoice in the suc
 cess you achieve, (cheers.)
 1 have now only to express my deep grati
 tude to the people of VV jrcester fur the itcep
 lion they have given me this morning, and to
 beg that you believe, that whatever may be
 the opinions entertained of me by those who
 iiaie me, for the sake of the principles I rep
 resent, that shall fee( the deepest and moat
 lively interest in all that concerns your wel
 raro, and be the first to hail the establishment,
 n this country, of a true Republic,! Repub ic
 .hat shall embrace men, not according to the
 dimes it which they weie born, of whatever
 Jomplex'bn they may be, recognizing no such
 distinction, shall invite till, as brethren, to the
i enjoyment «l *ll tb© Slewing* which the Con
 t atitutiun drawn by our fathers, intended u
 i confer upon mankind ,at large. (Immense
 t and tong continued applause.) l T po« motioi
 t to that effect, the meeting then adjourned til l
 i I S P M.
 I Ths Next President. —The Tribune de
 trotes a leader to the question, Who b ti
 i he the regular Democratic nominee for the
 neit Presidency V’ According to the Tri
 bune, Gen. Cass’s chance to lose the Balii
 mure nomination is fully equal to that of any
 other man who is looking for it. Mr. Bu
 chanan is a light stick at best for a mainmast.
 CoJ. Benton may be used in Wisconsin,
 Northern Illinois, &amp;c., to elect Delegates
 but when they come to tote in earnest, they
 will not rote for him. Senator Walker from
 Wisconsin must tarry at Jericho for a while
 yet. The chance of Judge WooJbury, ol
 N. IL, seems slender indeed. Col. Butler
 of Kentucky, can’t go in. In short the Tri
 bune is preparing to hear without amazement
 that Gen. Sam Houston, of Texas, is the
 regular Democratic candidate, and that Jnh&lt;&gt;
 Van Buren and I). S. Dickinson will address
 the United Democracy in advocacy of his
 election If they Jo it first at some con
 i vesient locality, we mean (says Greely) to
 be among the auditors.— Chronotyf*.
 Slaver Captured. —Capt. Merrill,
 of brig Eliza at New York, from San
 Juan de loa Reinedios, Cuba, 28th ult.,
 reports that a brnzilian brig was under
 seiznre, having landed a cargo ol
 slaves at Cardenas previous to her ar
 mal st San Juan.— Mass. Spy.
 Charles Gibbons in support ol the man-hunt
 ing law, says Ite is happy to know that hit
 brother Aaneagrees with him. Wonderifthe
 latter is not a lineal descendant of the Cain
 mentioned in the Bible, who was doomed, fot
 killing his brother, to a life of ignominy and
 shame? There is certainly a rematkable sim
 ilarity in the spirit of the two men.— A. S.
 Bugle.
 JO 3 It is a curious fact that while thi
 “dofchlace” journals of the North are con
 st,ant I y with arguments in favor of aiding
 in ti.’e capture Fugitive Slaves, they are
 dumb-in regard to arrest and imprisonment
 of tree colored seamen at.. l,c ,s out b. Albany
 Evening Journal.
 Boston, 2.—Efforts are making her* 1 U
 raise money lor ihe Georgia negroes win
 have run away. ’I he money will be taised
 and ihe negroes paid for.
 KP Letters from Buenos Ayres slate that
 the declaration of war between Buenos Ayres
 and Brazil was daily expected. Business doll
 ami produce scarce.
 Kp There is a great emigration to Texas.
 —About live hundred per week have arrived
 at Galveston, and it is estimated that twenty
 live thousand have arrived during the present
 season, many bringing a targe number ol
 slaves.
 Ihe religion with which onr Holy Re
 deemer invests his followers, softens the
 character, sweetens ihe temper, and enlivens
 all the ti nder affections of the soul, filling it
 with kindness and love.— Christ. Cit.
 Rochester North Star Fair.
 I he Indies of Rochester, desirous of emu
 lating the noble example set them by (heir
 sitters ot New York and Philadelphia in their
 efforts to sustain the above named papei, have
 formed an Association, for the pnfpose of
 holding a Fair during Christmas week, in aid
 of “the North Star.”
 To those acquainted with the character ol
 this; paper, it is needless to speak of its merits,
 nr of the untiring zeal, and sincere devotion
 of ils Editor. Eminently qualified as Frederick
 Douglass is to promote the elevation of hi.*
 oppressed and despised people at tha Noffh
 he is also equally qualified to sympathize wit!
 our brothers and sisters, who are still ii;
 chains and slavery at the South—to tell ol
 their wrongs, to vindicate their rights, and (by
 ihe’blessing of God) to “hasten the day ol
 freedom to the tbiec millions of our enslaved
 fellow countrymen.”
 We, therefore', regard “ihe North Star”
 as one of the most effective anti-slavery in
 strumentalities now in the field, and in this
 night of darkness and gloom, we look to it
 as the beacon to guide os “until the day
 dawn” and unclouded sunshine bursts upon
 us.
 We call upon all true friends of the •.slave
 to give us their zealous co-operation on the
 present occasion.
 Friends of humanity shall we call upon
 you in vain J A cruel and inhuman law is
 banishing hundieds of our people into a dis
 tant land, and bringing ruin and desolation
 upon many once happy families.
 Christian friends of Rochester, we call up
 on you in the name of all you hold dear and
 sacred, to extend your kind .aid sympathy
 «o the daugters of an outraged and suffering
 people.
 We earnestly invite the co operation of
 benevolent fuends throughout the country.
 We appeal with confidence to our English
 friends for aid on the present occasion.
 Donations and contributions will be Grate
 fully received by Mrs. Titus, 1 Division st.,
 Mrs. Paul, 50 Exchange st., Mrs. Boyd, 111,
 Main st., or by any member of the Associa
 tion, and at the North Star Office, Rochester.
 ___
 The North Star Fair,
 The Women’s Association” of Philadel
 phia intend holding their Second Annual
 Fair for the stippori of the North Star, on
 Christmas week.
 We feel ihat no great work can be rightly
 done, unless umii and women co-operate.
 To our iiffie friends, whom we found
 helps-mete” for our first Fair, we look
 earnestlyand confidently. Brothers, you will
 not fail us! m
 To secure the hoany co-operation of breth
 ren anil friends, at home and abroad, we be
 lieve it is only necessary to announce our
 j intention.
 j Donations of Paintings, Engravings, Fancy
 Needlework, article* of food, will be
 STratefully received by any member of the
 I Committee.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS.
MARRIED;'
On Monday, 28th November, after tne manner of
 Frwnda, Herr? T. Willitts, (L I,) and
 Mart Jar* Post, at the house of her father
 Samuel Poat, in Piitaford, Monroe County.
 In Brockport, Not. 14»h, 1850, by Rer.
 Chandler, Mr. Prince Jtcison, Of AlWi,,
 to Miss Sarah Ann Jackson, of the former
 place.
 I&gt;R WISTAR’S BALSAM OF WILD
 CHERRY.
 Is a chemical extract of Wild Cherry ami Tar.
 E*ery body knows that Wiki Cherry possesses im
 portant medical prujieries; and Tar Water has al
 ways been administered in Consumption ami Lung
 affections generally, by our oldest and safest physi
 cians. Various remedies, ii is hue, have been offer
 ed and puffed into notoriety for the cure of diseases
 of the lungs, and some have been found do doubt
 very useful, but of all that liave yet been dit severed
 it is admitted by physicians, anil all who have wit’
 nessed its effects, tliat none has proved as success
 ful as this. For Asthma, Shortness of Breath, and
 similar affections, it may be pronounced a positive
 cure. It lias cured Asthma in many cases of ten
 and twenty years standing, after pliy'sician shad de
 the case beyond the reach of medicine.
 Tins Balsam is made from materials which Na
 ture has placed in all northern latitudes, aa an auti
 dote for diseases caused by cold climates.
 “Nature is l*it tbs name for an effect
 Whose cause is God.”
 Let us nut neglect her plainest dictates.
 None genuine unless signed I. BUTTS, on the
 wrapper. Applications tor Agencies to, he made to
 tbeGeoeral Agent,SETH W.FOVVLIK, Boston,
 Mass. gg|
 For sale by Poll,' k W iLLis; aim by Wm.
I 2U&gt;Dcrtioement3.
Job Priitlag !—J** Priitlif!!
 comfk or Bvrruo add iKHtaci sts
 OVER I. IXLItEN’S HARDWARE store.
 SMITH CLOUGH,
 Having recently mademMilioos to their exteoaivi
 Job Printing Office, ere prepared to exix-ute alt or
 deis with neatness and despatch, and o*l as liliem
 terms a* artv establishment in Western New Vnrl
 —steam or no steam. W itlt a new and improve*
 aud press from the works of Hoe A to., and al
 tlie Ute stales of type, we flatter ourselves that oin
 wwk of this kind cannot lie surpassed. “Try Is.’
 Way Bills, shipping I'ill*.
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Card*,
 Law Blanks, l.aw Cases,
 Books, Pamphlets, Sir., &amp;e
 Done in style, at short noth'e.
 C. SMITH. W. S. Ct.Ol'f.H.
 014 Ladles Take Notire!
 I HAVE now on hand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BANDS, to cover up the
 gray hair, ami bald places upon the front part ol the
 head and temp lea—and I will sell a neuter, clieap
 er, ami better article than can lie Insight in the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Alio, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, aud Brakls.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India Hair Dye, lor coloring the
 ha-ir black.
 OCP'Cash paid for Human Hair. ju 6 —3*
 Hepe Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daitgluers of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 mil orgrtm/.c vrnui.. J aw.. _r u..,.
 ■y Irani*.
 Terms for Charter, fl.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDV, O. P. 8. No l«g
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, 0.8.8, No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THI
 NEW- ENGLANDER:
 A WEKKI.Y PAPER, DIVOttD TO
 Ti mprrance, Education, Literature, R fvrm and Jn
 teltigonce gt nor ally.
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are "the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 •viuie, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 My interested. It likewise freely expresses
 I f| C ‘i n ents of its editors upon all the great re
 tit sen i.. ~tj ol|g of the day* and stiupathises
 tormatory .pu of Chnstian be'ne*olence.
 T subjects each
 number will contain (Mg""* StU f d 2r7
 Letter* from Vorreopundenls, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific M,uPr*,Uerary X4,ng*
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of thejfews
 j/ NEW-F.NGLANDER is in Ninth
 Volume, aud the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribf**
 TERMS. Two Dollars per Annum,
 variably in advance. No subscription taken lor less
 than six months. Address all order* (post P»id) “t
 WILLIAM A WHITE.
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New Yotk —A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 thi Strange i’Jienonena connected therewith, the
 Sp iritual Cowmuinicat ions &amp;c. &amp;c., price, single,
 12 |cls —10 copies for pi. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom fair chance to make money will Ik; given.
 A small capital of from #l5 to »25 requires, and
 i|.,» will bo indemnified against loss.
 8 D. M. DEWEY,
 in;) r29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure.—ln another page of this papei
 wr.ll lie found the advertisement of Dr. Iharl*:
 M ajndf.’s eataldishntent for Water-Cure, at North
 ,i W&gt; a,. h l
 pi Fa.ure rf e kon,i„g ..T"™*- n”
 0,. W. a lefiige.,
 ar e now happy to chronicle his perm.. tjj
 nwtnt within so short a ride of New Tors.
 E iropean reputation as a medical writer and’ or
 “J “V”*" of Hydropathy, as well as the large curie
 of friends hjs remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patterns the institution over which lie me
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES M UNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 A TNORTHAMPTON. MASS.- Dr. IiUN
 /L DL retmectlidlv informs his friends and the
 pul.lic, that lie has become the owner ofthe late Dr
 Rnggles Water-CureEstablishment at Bensoj.ville!
 2 i miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot 7
 "ours’ rtde Irom New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 ami o from Albany, situated in one of the pJeasentesi
 rallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied With the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. Ihe air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 a.e mtld and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences foi
 water-cure purpose,), such as large plunge baths
 douches aud airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate lor either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessmtz at Graefenburgh, and having »n ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of even
 European liydropath, hopes to rispond to any rea.
 sunable exjtectations from the water-eure-systein
 made on the pari of those sufferers who may confide
 liemseives to him.
 IMPORTANT TO THE" LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off' al astonishing low prices
 IITF. RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 »V friends and the public,,hat one of the firm lias
 now returned from Europe, wliere le lias lieen pur
 chasing, We liawe received the LONDON AND
 I RENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 I’he designs and workmanship are excellent,embra-
 ciug taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES,ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are ai
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up ill a more supe
 rior man, er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks ami Vissues at #3,SO
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 tirfc Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will lie sold off at astonishingly low tra
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invite*)
 to call an*l examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium 810-k, 55 Main st., Rochester, ami
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
 The Old Uurosity Shop,
 At No. 13$ Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOUT, grateful for the patronage
 it warded lam, would respectfully inform his
 triends and the public generally, that lie has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 ot Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements,' ami indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated w ith neatness
 and despatch.
 Do.it forget Tlie OKI Curosity Simp.
 Rochester March 1649.
 Dental Surgery,
 T would respectfully i nfornt the citizens of Rochester
 laud surrounding couutry, that 1 have removed in*
 &gt;flice Ijrom No. 89 Smith s Arcade to my dwelling
 louse No. 9d Monroe Street.
 1 li.)nkfnt for past favors in the line of my profcs.
 iiou, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 lataafecuon to ail who may favor me with their pe
 ronage. I wpuld invite all those who are do
 lirousofha ving operations performed on tl»e teeth or
 A having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 lieu isc Ives.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. Alt operations performed by me on ths
 twth and Plat* Work warranted.
 Rochester, Out. 13,1618.
SL#il*g COLUMN.
All Medicines ind Books advertised by
 W. B. Sloan .re sold whol«*|« and mri.
 at the proprietor’a priors, at
 SLOAN S MEDICINE DEPOT,
 United States Hotel Block, Terrace Street,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and all orders lot the ssmts
 from the Stale of New York, PennayDsnia,
 Eastern Ohio and the Canada*, must be ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B MOREHOUSE, Travelling Agt.
 Sold by Post W ilms, Rochester; Lv«
 mas Bkkv*, Penfield; T. B. W. Cut
 mng. Webster; J. Van Buß*£, Faisport;
 B. M. Olazier, Sweden Centre; Ano.kw
 Clark, Clarkson; A. B. Raymond, Spen
 cerport, and by Merchants, Druggists, Sic., in
 nearly every town tn tbe United States and
 Canada.
 SLOAN’S
FAMILY OINTMENI
 Is Mild, Safe, Thorough, and the greatest
 External Remedy ever used. It is compo
 sed of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 power unequalled in the annals of Medicine
 for the acre of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It is universally acknowledged to be an
 infallible remedy in every case where it has
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 and is invaluable in all diseases of the flesh.
 Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 Can be relieved of pain and all inflammation, and cured
 Immediately by a free use of Sloan's Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Sloan’s Ointment has no equal. It relieves all pain in a
 few minutes, and heals rapidly, without leaving a scar
 SCALD HEAD.
 Every case of this troublesome complaint can be cured
 with Sloan’s Ointment, if the directions are strictly fol
 lowed. 7
 PILES.
 Sloan's Ointment affords immediate relief and has cured
 hundreds of cases after all other remedies had failed.
 CROUP.
 At the approach of its rattle, can be immediately arrested
 by a free use of Sloan's Ointment.
 BALD HEAD.
 Sloan’s Ointment removes all inflammation from ths
 •calp, consequently a vigorous growth of hair follows.
 SORE THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts,
 Diseases of the Eye, Ague in the Face, Rheumatic Pains,
 Contracted Cords, Pain in the Side, Back, and other parts
 of the system, Boils, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every
 kind of sore containing the least panicle of Inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It is a /act, authenticated here, as well as all over the
 State, and indeed the whole western states, that Sloan’s
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re
 putation, to which they are justly entitled by their “hcaJitif
 virtues,” and powers. We are not among those who srs
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comes along,
 and in this instance have delayed our endorsement until
 we have been able to make assurance double sura, not only
 by (eating them personally ourselves, but from the testi
 mony of a numerous portion of the community living
 around us.—flllinoia Globe, April 13. 1860.
 STOPPED THE N AUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. *26th 1860.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 last, my liaud began to swell badly, ami caused me
 very great suffering. The swelling daily increased
 and extendeil up uiy aim to the shoulder, anti affect
 ■ed me so much ns lo render me incapable of retain
 iig any food in my stomach. I had die attendance
 ~f an eminent physician, and every thing was tried
 that promised relief, until it seemed as (hough I
 cou d not survive anotlier day.
 At this critical juncture at the solicitation of a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to the
 arm mid hand, and also over the region of tire stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea; and in
 25 or 30 minutes, the pain in my arm and hand was
 so far relieved, that I fell into a quiet slumber, for
 the first time in alout two weeks. The hand was
 several times laid open with the Lancet before your
 Ointment was appl et!, without affording any relief;
 *vpni the time 1 liegan to use your Ointment up
 f sore discharged freely, and my hand and
 on it It, -*ored in an almost incredibly short
 relief from the wondeful suffer
 T J* re ’ed, induces me to send yot*
 'me. Tl e similarly affected may
 mgs w itch rxpcrien, -ent in such cases,
 this lMt.mon.al that otlieu l,|* r ty to re
 know the value of your Ointi*. tT RRAY.
 for any further particulars, you are
 fee to me, MRS. MAHV ANN J|l
 I certify that the above statement is true.
 JOHN MURRAY.
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUNTY
 i’o all whom this may come, or in any way concern-
 T Ins is to certify that I applied 'VV. B. Sloan’s
 to my horse’s mouth when it was very bad
 wtlli Black longue or Cancer—so lad he could
 not eat; and in two Iwurs he eat as well as aver
 And 1 further certify that it is a good medicine for
 human flesh, cuts and bruises.
 _ B. CROFF, M. D.
 Hkthamy, Oct. 29th 1850.
 ’SLOAN’S’
[HORSE OINTMENT
 HIS EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it excels, and is now su
 perceding all other Ointments and Liniments,
 for the cure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do
 mestic Animals. A free use of this Ointment
 cures immediately all
 Fresh Wounds and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its effects are per*
 fectly magical in the cure of these Injuries.
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that com
 pares with Sloans Ointment.
 Wind Galls. Callus and Cracked Heels,
 Are eured at once by the use of Sloan’s
 Ointment, if the directions are followed.
 Spavin, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently all
 these Complaints by a faithful application of
 Sloan’o Ointment.
 Fistula, Poll Evil and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powdet
 never fail to restore the animal sound as
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the cure of Founder and
 Contracted Feet. The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 and toughen the feet, and the Condition Pow
 der is certain to remove all internal Fever and
 Stitfhess,
 Scratches or Grease and Mange.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Com
 plaints is Sloan’s Ointment, It cures when
 all other Remedies fail,
 Farmers, Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to cure all
 oases of Hoof-AH, or Foot-Rot of Sheep,
 iiyl injuries in the feet of other animals.
 For further Particulars and a Multi-
 tnds of Certificates of Remarkable CWw%
 get Pamphlets of Agents,
 Prepared and Sold, Wholesale and Retail*
 mt the Grand Depot, 40 Lake Sh eet, Chicago,
 Illinois, by
 W USLOAK w
