♦amcaiions.
Buffalo Jan. 10ib, 1650
 Frederick Douglass :—ln transmiuing iu
 you, in behalf of the Fair Committee, the nett
 proceeds of the Buffalo North Star Fair, the
 Committee regret that the result, in a
 pecuniary point of view, was not in keeping
 with the spirit of the age or good feeling
 which swells the bosoms of this benevolent
 community. The great cause for the small
 amount realized, I do not hesitate to say
 originated from the large number of similar
 movements for benevolent purposes, gone into
 but a few days prior and from which large
 amounts |were realized. Although other
 causos combined had their effect—being New*
 Year’s Eve, a time when the noble and igno
 blo have their attention drawn into the vari
 oua channels which an important day like it
 baa from time almost immemorial produced,
 and the delinquency of feeling towards the an
 ti-slavery cause produced in this Fillmore re
 fion, by acquiescence to Fillmore logic and
 Fillmore degeneracy this, in connection
 with the short notice for holding the Fair, at
 once explains the cause. The Commute nev
 ertheless (eel to thank God and take courage.
 Much has been effected by the gatherings
 (though small,) the thiee successive even
 ings on which the fait was held. To know
 the fact that a few choice spirits remained in
 Buffalo, who were willing to rally around the
 atandard of Libeitv, to act and to listen to ihe
 urgent appeal* of him, who, but a few years
 •ince, writhed under all the cruelly and injus
 tice which the infernal system of slavery ne
 cessarily engenders, will not be without its
 benefits. A great effect also was produced by
 the three lectuies delivered by you on the
 opening each evening of the Fair- many new
 and warm personal friends were mace lor
 yourself as well as for the cause. The
 acathtng rebuke which was given, in your
 first lecture, to that arch fiend and hypocrite, J.
 C. Lotd, D.D., whopreachedon last Thanks
 giving the justice of the fugitive slave law
 and slavery in general, was a decided triumph,
 and had its good effect. The second lecture
 on prejudice against color, proving that it wa9
 condition and not color, was not only highly
 approved for its literary and historical char
 acter, but for the incunirovertable truthfulness
 •f the position assumed. The thud lecture prin
 •ipally treated upon the false charges hurled
 agaiAst you on the ground of infidelity, was fi
 nal and conclusive in the minds of many who
 have heretofore opposed yuu on religious
 grounds, that all such accusations have been
 false and malicious exonerates you forever from
 this charge in Buffalo. In presenting you the
 nett proceeds, $54,1/, allow- me to assure
 you, with such friends as Mr. and Mrs. Rich
 ard Jones, Mrs. Turner,. P. Harris and fam
 ily, Mra. Shields, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Cezar,
 Mia*. Hawkins, Mrs. Francis andothers, that
 no lack of energy shall be w anting to aid the
 cause of universal emancipation. In behalf of
 the Committee, A. H. F.
Philadelphia, Jan. Ist, 1851.
 Frederick Douglass,—Dkak Sir:—l
 have intended subscribing for the “North
 btar" for some time, and have been prevent
 ed from doing so earlier, by the accumulation
 of newspapers that I already receive, making
 it difficult for me to find time to read them all
 without infringing oti time that should be
 devoted to my business.
 I regard however the fact that good News
 papers, so ably edited by Colored men as the
 “North Star" and “Impartial Citizen,’’are, as
 amonj, the best vindications of the capacity
 of colored man to fill respectable positions in
 society, creditable to themselves, and to the
 best interest of the world and shall therefore
 be glad to see all such, papers have an ex
 tended circulation, not only among those for
 whose advancement they were particularly es
 tablished, and who, therefore, are moot
 •specially bound to bupport them well, and
 thus increase their influence. But also
 should 1 like to ha'e them read by those who
 need information as to the capabilities ol our
 colored population lor other pursuits besides
 waiting on table, blacking boots, or wheeling
 barrow. 1 heir elfoits for mental improvement
 as exhibited by their Papers, and the talente
 they there show themselves to be possessed of,
 must lead to the successful assertion of their
 rights. Desiring to aid in a small way towards
 sptending information of this kind, I en*
 close five dollars, for one year’s subscription
 to the “North Star” for myself, and the
 balance you will please appropriate to sending
 copies of the paper occasionally to prominent
 Southern men, members of Congress and
 others, where you think they will do the}
 most good. 1 forwarded to you a short time
 since several of our city newspapers, showing
 the practical working of the new Fugitive
 Slave Law, exemplified in the case of Adam
 Gibson, arrested as a slave, and sent without
 s trial, and against evidence, to a slave State,
 from whence he was returned as a freeman.
 This ease had aroused considerable feeling
 on the subject here, and will no doubt do
 much good.
 1 had intended writing to you before this,
 to thank you for your courtesy, in publishing
 s letter 1 addressed to you in the summer on
 the subject of Colonization, knowing as I
 well do the very strong prejudice that you,
 in common with most of youi readers, enter
 tain against this cause. 1 fully appreciated
 your libeiality in presenting it to your readers.
 While 1 have no desire to make myself con
 spicuous in this way or any other, I yet fee!
 so strong an inteiest in the prosperity of the
 young Republic of Liberia, and consider that
 the successful establishment of an independ
 ent and enlightened government on the
 continent of Africa, conducted entirely by
 colored men, is so intimately connected with
 the best interest of the w hole race over the
 woiid, that 1 am glad of every opportunity of
 spreading correct information on the subject
 among the colored population of the United
 Slate, even should it come from none other
 than myself, claiming to be well acquainted
 with ?he objects and tendency of measures in
 which 1 have taken an active part, and wiih
 all the means of infotmalion that any one can
 possses*. 1 feel well assured that the new
 Republic, even in it* infancy, is already ex
 citing an influence, favorable to the entire
 race, by whom its government is conducted
 and that as it increases in population and
 extent of territory, with ie n&gt;tional aug
 mentation of both physical, and moral power,
 It must contribute largely lo ih* of
 Anti-Slavery sentiment, over ihe civil iae d
 warld Whether, therefore, you regard the
indiieot, the reflex influence of a powerful
 Republican Government on the continent of
 Africa, condacted on truly enlightened and
 Christian principles, by colored emigrants
 .from the United States, or whether you view
 it in its political aspect successfully com
 peting with America, in the culture of cotton,
 that one product of our Southern States, the
 large profits of which have in my opinion
 been the principal if not the only cause of
 the continuance of Slavery in the United
 States, you will have to acknowledge that
 Liberia isdestined to accomplish—yes, is now
 in the full tide of a most important Anti-
 Slavery work, and for this reason alone
 should be regarded with especial favor by
 every true friend of the colored race. That
 cotton of excellent quality is raised in Africa,
 has been known for a long time; and now that
 English capitalists and the British Govern
 ment have turned their attention to it, I think
 it will be proved that it can be taised in any
 quantity, and cheaper, than in the United
 States. On this subject, allow me to refer
 you to President Roberts' letter to Lord Pal
 merston, and the report of the “Chamber of
 Commerce, and manufactures ofManchester”
 in regard to the samples of cotton transmitted
 to them. Should this new discovery of the
 process of preparing flax prove successful in
 lessening the demand for cotton in both Ep
 rope and America, and if the information on
 this subject is eorrect, flax must supersede the
 use of cotton to a great degree. Why should
 not the markets of Great Britain, and the
 United States, be supplied with cotton en
 tirely from Africa? Slave iabor being then
 unprofitable, will not slavery be abolished at
 ance? Will not the patriotism and philan
 'hropy of the whole people be aroused to
 ienounce, so anti-republic and anti-christian
 in institution, “that was forced on us by
 jreat Britian against our wishes, not regard
 ng our emphatic protest against it?” °And
 nethinks it will be difficult to find many who
 ’ver approved of the system. Verily we are
 in an age of progress, and certainly human
 Slavery will not prove the only exception to
 be change that is taking place in the world.
 Liberia is destined soon to become a joyful
 Hepublcan Government. The English are lay
 ng the foundation of future states south and
 jastof Liberia, and with their colony of Siera
 Leone, and the settlement on the Gambia at
 he north, must ere long b) united in a pow
 erful confederacy that shall command the re
 spect of the world and your childron may
 see the day if you and I shall not, when
 he United States of Africa, shall be con
 sidered as one of the most enlightened and
 listinguished nation of Christendom, rivalling*
 n all that Constitutes true glory, the United
 States of America. Then may our children,
 while revering the name of their fathers, be
 ible to point to his nam who, once an Ame
 rican Slate, lent the weight of his talent and
 the power of his press, to aid in consummating
 so great a work. When you look at the
 question in all its aspects.—(l care not what
 you choose to regard as the origin to the Colo
 nization Society—what motives you may still
 insist on attributing to its founders) —it is im
 possible that you should not feel a strong in
 terest in the prosperity and rapid progresa of
 the young Republic, that you should not
 sympathize with your brethren there, identi
 fied with yourself in all that pertains to the
 suffering of the past and the prosperity of the
 future, many of them, like yourself, having
 experienced the iron rod of Slavery in Ame
 rica, and now with yourself working out the
 redemption of your race. That you should
 in any way oppose the triumph of the ami
 shvery cause, through the aid of the free
 men of Liberia, because the Colonization So
 ciety should thereby receive a share of the
 glory, I am entirely unwilling to believe.—
 It is entirely opposed to true nobleness—ir
 consistent with that sincere devotion to the
 welfare of your race, which I believe you to
 possess, and in a word unworthy the name and
 fame of Frederick Douglass. 1 shall there
 fore expect you to give your readers such
 information as may be interesting to them
 and affecting any portion of your people,
 whether in America or Africa, and shall take
 the liberty of sending to you occasionally
 documents from Liberia, and will be glad if
 you will copy into the North Star the last
 letter from President Roberts to myself,
 which you will find in .the “Colonization
 Herald. I should also be gratified if you
 would copy from the “Pennsylvania Free
 man’ of last week, an article on the subject
 of the slave trade, in which Sir Charles
 Hotham speaks of the agency of Liberia in its
 suppression. Yours, very truly,
 BENJAMIN COATES.
Kingshead Hotel, Hortlepool,
 Dec. 20th, 1850.
 Dear Douglass :—You will have seen that
 the press of this country has been unsparing
 in its denunciation of the Fugitive Slave
 Bill. Of the many acts of cruelty and in
 justice committed by the American Legisla
 ture against the colored people of the United
 States, none has done so much to crown them
 with infamy, and to cause the people of this
 country to detest and abhor the American
 character, as the enactment of this new law.
 It ia an ancient fable, that the eruptions of
 ..Etna were produced by the restless move
 ments ot the giant Enceladus, who was im
 prisoned beneath. As the monster turned on
 this side, or stretched his limbs, or struggled,
 ihe conscious mountain belched forth dames,
 fiery cinders, and red-hot lava, carrying de
 struction to all who dwelt upon its fertile
 sides.
 The slave power of the United States is
 the imprisoned giant of the new world and
 its constant struggles for more power, have
 and will cause eruptions of evil to the people,
 in comparison wiih which the flames, the fiery
 cinders, and red-hot lava of the valcano, are
 trivial and transitory. The Fugitive Slave
 Bill,” and its consequences, is the all-absorb
 ing topic for conversation in this country.
 Within the last three weeks, I have at
 tended several meetings upon the subject ol
 the fugitive slave bill. Sir John Fife presided
 at the meeting in Newcastle in Shields, the
 Mayor was in the chair. The Sunderland
 meeting was presided over by one of the old
 est and most venerated of its citizens. At all
 of these meetings, stringent resolutions were
 passed in favor of the anti-slavery movement,
 and against the fugitive bill. The minds of
 the people of England wer: never in a better
 state to hear the question of American sla
 very discussed than at the present time.
 President Fillmore's message has come to
 hand, and his approval of the new law, and
I bis seeming datenainatioo to see it enforced
 I is to some extent claiming the attention of th&lt;
 public. What words can tell the inhumanity
 the atrocity, of that doctrine which, from ex
 ailed office, commends such a law to the favo
 of Christians, as the deliberate counsel ant
 practical wisdom of a great and enligh tenet
 nation What indignation from all the worlt
 ia not due to the government that puts forth
 its powers and strength to execute such ar
 obnoxious law 1
 But I did not sit down to write a long let
 ter; my only object was to give you some lit
 tle account of the Crafts. I received letters
 from Boston some days since, informing me
 of their flight from that city, and their intend
 ed visit to this country. My connection with
 William and Ellen, on tbeir getting out ot
 slavery, two years since, and their attendance
 upon my meetings in Massachusetts, caused
 our New-England friends to suppose that orr
 reaching this country, they would find me
 out. A few days ago, while in Newcastle, I
 received information, in an indirect way, that
 the Crafts had arrived at Liverpool, and were
 at Brown’s Temperance Hotel, where you,
 and I, and many more of the American abo
 litionists have made their homes, oa reaching
 Liverpool. I immediately wrote to William
 Crafts, telling him that if I could be of any
 service to him, it would give me the gieatest
 pleasure. Yesterday’s post brought me the
 following reply, written in his own hand
 writing: V
 Brown’s Hotel, Liverpool,
 Dec. 18, 1850.
 My dear Brown .—Yours of the 16th came
 duly to hand, for which you have my best
 thanks. I need not inform you that I was
 pleased on getting your letter, but I should j
 have been much more so, to have seen you.
 We will come to you, but we cannot leave
 Liverpool until Thursday next, aa Ellen is
 not very well. Hoping to see you in a few
 days, 1 remain yours most truly,
 Wm. Craft.
 When I met with William Craft, two years
 ago, he scarcely knew one letter from anoth
 er. And although he has had to labor for
 his living since his escape, the composition
 of his letter does his head more credit than
 the one tent to him by the slaveholder
 Hughes, while in pursuit of th&lt;s noble fugi
 tive in Boston. I don’t know what will be
 their plana, as I have not yet seen them. But
 as I have lying before me an invitation to
 visit Scotland, I have but little doubt but that
 Wm. and Ellen Craft will accompany me,
 and that Edinboro’, the capital of the land of
 Burns, will be the first to give a welcome to
 Wm. and Ellen Craft, the first fugitive slaves
 who have landed in this country, chased from
 the land of their, birth by Webster’s fugitive
 slave law.
 The people generally are deeply interested
 in the history of Wm. and Ellen Craft, and
 it is not at all unlikely that the fugitive slave
 bill hat added one more mouth-piece to the
 anti-slavery agitation. The hearty and en
 thusiastic welcome that these two fugitives
 will get at the hands of ihe people of Great
 Britain, will cause the cheeks of the Ameri
 cans to mantle with shame, if they are not eu
 titely lost to everything of the kind.
 When I left Boston, in July, 1849, for this
 country, the Crafts accompanied me to East
 Boston to see me off. And as the steamer
 had left the wharf, saw among the last vis
 ible objects in the crowd, on the wharf, the
 white handkerchief of Craft waving in the
 breexe, above the heads of those 1 around
 him, bidding me farewell. I hoped at that
 time, that 1 should soon return and find him
 at hia own home, aa I had left him. But the
 Crafts were too noble specimens of our race
 to be permitted to dwell in peace and quiet
 ness, after the passage of the fugitive slave
 law. The people of the North should no
 longer boast of their independence of the
 slave power. And, instead of the people of
 Boston pointing to the Bunker Hill Monu
 ment, and boasting of the heroic deeds of
 their fathers, they should pull it down, and
 erect upon its ruins a monument to Webster,
 and engrave upon it in characters not to be
 mistaken, “No protection here for the op
 pressed.” When I heatd of the passage of
 the fugitive slave bill, I had some faint hope
 that the people there would protect those who
 had fled to that city for safety. But when I
 heard ot the flight of the Crafts, I gave up
 all hopes of the fugitives being safe on any
 soil over which the stars and stripes” float.
 But 1 must bring thia hasty letter to a close.
 And before doinj that, I must make a aingle
 reference to the reception given to our
 friend George Thompson by the Bostonians.
 Those in this country who understand the
 position of the political affairs in America,look
 upon the disturbance in Faneuil Hall aa tbs
 last and crowning act of infamy of the defeat
 ed Whig party of Massachusetts. But thia
 will cause this noble friend of the slave to be
 more and more admired in this country. I
 understand a testimonial ia to be presented to
 Mr. Thompson on his return to England.
Coshocton, Ohio, Not. 10, 1850.
 To the Rev. Aug. R. Green. —Sit—li
 may be considered presumtuous in the esti
 mation of you and youi followers for me to
 attempt to reply to your soul stirring remarks
 in defence of your church, delivered in the
 city of Zanesville, on the evening of July 39th,
 1850. I shall now take occasion to descant
 upon your literary abilities, and the fame
 which will naturally result from such as
 tonishing powers displayed upon that evet
 memorable occasion. To encouiage raTe
 genius, to foster true greatness and magna
 nimity of soul, and more particularly, to at
 tract the attention of the world to the possessor
 of those rich and glorious attainments, will
 be the grand object i have in addressing or
 noticing anything you have said and while I
 hold you up as a pattern of excellence to the
 rising generation, it will not be surprising if a
 spice of iiony should be mingled in the picture
 I present, for the rapturous feelings which
 your arguments produce, naturally lead to
 extravagance of thought and reflections.
 W ere it not for the identity of language and
 sentiments which flow from a heart fired as
 yours is with all the sensibilities and polished
 attainments of a gentlemen and a scholar,"
 you would be entirely lost to human vision;
 but as all great men have their eccentricities
 and peculiarities which distinguish them, so
 you have characteristics which toijj forever
 identify you in whatever character you may
 assume and whatever part you may act in the
 groat drama of life, in every shape, form and
 color, and under whatever name you may
 seek to hide. The image of morality which
 nature has fixed upon you, the prominence of
 your genius, stand out ia bold raliaf, not only
giving tone to all you do, or say, or write,
 but marked with unerring certainty the re
 splendent destiny of your career. Wherever
 found, in whatever attitude you are placed,
 you exhihit the same great attributes of your
 nature, love roa tee Araiam Episcopal
 Church, possessing a certain amount ol
 equanimity of temper, un mixed and unmfngled
 with the follies attendant upon low ambi
 tion," audthat supercilious arrogance peculiar
 to men of depraved hearts, and empty brains.
 The variety of your talents and the versatility
 you exhibit in whatever state or condition
 you are placed by the guardians of your fame,
 it truly astonishing. At one time we find you
 in the retirement of yeur "sanctum," drawing
 pictures of fancy, and breathing into them so
 much of the living upiritof your own feelings,
 that one would scarcely distinguish the ori
 ginal, except in the outward form. Again;
 with descriptive efforts of a Bulwer,” or
 sven the sublime flights of “Byron,” you
 mount the sunny side of Parnassus, drink in
 spiration from its pebbled fountains, and sound
 forth the harmony of your thoughts in poetic
 numbers unto an admiring world. And still
 again, should the falling fortunes of the Af
 rican Methodist Episcopal Church wsnt
 a defender, you can step forward at their
 bidding, and with a heart melting with sym
 pathy, and touched with all the tender and
 refined emotions of your nature, you can
 sstch the echo of their displeasure, and send
 t thundering upon the world below like rocks
 orn from the mountain side, leaping and
 lashing from crag to crag, as they down the
 irecipice go to the awful vortex which yawns
 relow.
 Such, sir, i 3 the variety of your task and
 slents, as were displayed on the memorable
 svening of the 29th of July, 1850. in the
 :ily of Zanesville— (to say nothing of thi
 Hole-cats, catamounts and other wild ‘varmints'
 i lluded to.) I had at one time almost believed
 rou to be some superior intelligence sent
 lown to us from another sphere, whose errand
 m earth was designed to soften and refine the
 Lsperities of man, and still the troubled
 vaters that distract the world. And in this
 ige of progress, and spiritual communica
 ions’' would it be too great a stretch of imagi.
 lation to suppose you may be one of those
 vinged beings somewhat in the resetnbalnce
 »f a man, brought to view some years since,
 &gt;y the light of “Herschell’s Telescope in
 tis human observations and cloihed a 1
 iresent in the garb of a Methodist
 md more particularly as you present some of
 he characteristics of a truly honest and praise
 worthy man. Be this as it may, your argu
 ments tincture with all the sweetness of your
 imposition, and happy style of thought and
 jxpression peculiar to yourself and with a love
 of whatever is lofty in sentiment and grand in
 diction you have proven beyond cavil, I had
 almost said the possibility of demonstration
 ihe purity and honesty of the leaders of the
 African Methodist Episcopal Church,
 {yourself being a sample and how deserving
 |s your temporal advancement to hand down to
 coming generations.
 Again, sir, you stand like a blazing light
 in the midst of thick surrounding darkness,
 unconsciously drawing aside the curtain and
 exposing to our view some small specimens
 of the mode and temporal honesty of the Af
 rican Methodist Episcopal Coherences, and
 tell us public opinion is manufactured and sent
 forth to the world, pure And undefiled like
 the flow of gushing waters from the fountain,
 head. I hope at some future period you will
 lift the curtain atill higher, and let the radiant
 light of your effulgent genius, illuminate the
 datk corners of your packed conferences, and
 explain to the world, in your accustomed
 courteous and polished manner, the machinery
 by which certain interests, south of Mason
 and Dixon’s line,” have been obtained, and
 certain privileges secured; and whether chi
 canery, corruption or bribery, have ever
 touched the wires. But, sir, with all the
 flourish of your rhetoiic, ip nothing have you
 been so fortunate in drawing upon the feel
 ings, and sympathies of your hearers, as your
 allusion to the brave, the eloquent and the ven
 erated Rt. Rev. R. Ablen, who braved the
 tempest of his day in behalf of religious lib
 erty to himself and fellow-coadjutors, aiming
 at the true principles of the elevation of that
 class of his fellow-countrymen who were pro
 scribed (I might say for opinion’s take) and
 not like you (and many you are classed with)
 he came out boldly on the side of the op
 piesaedwithout any attempt to screen hmi
 velf from any for the sake of policy. If such
 a man, with intrepid boldness should dare at
 that dark day, to mount the battle walls of
 freedom, and theie and then assert a right to
 worship God in freedom and truth, and suc
 cessfully lay a foundation for a church of
 which it seems that you are a member, par
 ticularly ot its law-making department, 1 ask,
 in God Almighty's holy name,” what
 apology have you and your twenty thousand
 followers in remaining silent Respecting the
 “damning sin of American slavery!” Nothing
 that you said in Zanesville, in my humble
 opinion, has put to silence that all-important
 question. In conclusion, all I ask is, that
 chrisliaus and Christian gospel oumstors, more
 especially they who are particularly identified
 with the three and a half million, nf bondmen
 of the United States, should awako. Awake
 Isay to this all important subject, I have
 done. W.H. BOrShAM.
 The African Slave Trade.
 An officer on board one of otn ships on the
 African station, thus wntes upon this subject.
 The letter is copied from the Boston Jour
 nal.
 “I very much regret to say, that for a
 long time ibe greatest facilities for carrying
 on the slave trade have been afforded by the
 prostitution of our flag. I believe full one
 half of the negroes shipped h run the Congo
 southward, have been made in vessels under
 it* cover.
 The position which the United States oc
 cupies upon the right of visitation and searoh,
 ir such that a “bona fide” American vessel,
 cannot be molested by a British cruiser, even
 with a full cargo of negroes on board. Eng
 land by treaty orcouveution, has secured the
 right, under' certain restrictions, of visiting
 and searching all suspected vessels, except
 those wearing the American flag;—such, are
 sacred, and thus guarded, may embark hun
 dreds of slaves under the gups W the British
 Commodore himself, svoid all interruption
 from foreign countries, and by hoisting the
 Brazilian flag tnay escape Capture by our
 own.
 Now, I believe 1 know my duty as an
 offiqer too well to find fault with the acts of
 my Government, but s(ter two years’ service
 f nd experience as an African cruiser, and not
 wholly without observation, I am free to sty
 ’hat could the United States, authorities
consistently make an exception to the general
 rale, no as to allow vessels notoriously en
 gager! in the slave trade to be detained by
 British erttisera and delivered up to own, the
 disgraceful traffic would be greatly curtailed,
 r and especially would the vile prostitution of
 our flag be prevented.
 As to the entire suppression of the slave
 trade by the present system of blockade, I
 must confess lam thoroughly sceptical. In
 spite of the sleepless vigilance and constant
 motion of the numerous cruisers hovering
 along this coast, it is estimated that not less
 than thirty thousand were, during the pas!
 year, sent into bondage from the southward of
 tbo Voltse. Sir Charles Hoth&amp;m, the late
 able commander of Her Britannia Majesty’s
 naval force on lhe African (West) station,
 having at his disposal a moat effective force,
 and after two year 9, of active arid laborious
 service, failed to do raortlhan partially inter
 rupt it, and is clearly of the opinion that other
 instrumentalities must be used for its eradica
 tion. The means he relies most upon is
 Colonization —particularly as exemplified in
 the Liberian Colonies, a fact which is no less
 interesting than pleasing to Americans, being 1
 a just tribute to the sagacity and enlightened
 philanthropy of the founders and friends of
 our Colonization scheme.”— Penn. Freeman.
 Loando, the capital of the Portuguese pro
 vince of Angola, has a fine harbor, and looks
 well from the sea—but it may well be said
 that “distance lends enchantment to the
 view.” It is emphatically a “whited se
 pulchre.” When then slave trade was at
 the zenith, Loando was a place of great opu
 lence, ae evidenced in the numerous large
 and palace like residences, the grand and
 magnificent churches, convents, and nunneries
 —the latter with few exceptions, being in a
 state of ruin or decay. The Jesuits early
 turned their attention to Angola as a field for
 their operations and their fortunes seemed to
 wax and wane with the slave trade while
 this prospered, they flourished, and the mon
 uments of their zeal and energy are numerous
 and striking. But their zeal and energy have
 outstripped the decadence of the traffic—the
 fraternity is now unrepresented by a living
 man—their splendid temples are now the
 habitations only for the moles and the bats,
 or the work-shops for convicts guilty of the
 foulest crimes.
df 3 Ihe Charleston Mercury has become
 convinced of an important thruth, Speak
 ing of the fugitive slave law, it says
 “At to the practicability of putting into
 operation any of the feature* of the bill, we
 do not think that Northern fellings and pre
 judices will admit of it.”
Receipts
 For [the North Star, from the 9th to the 16th
 of January
 Gerrit Smith s&gt;oo
 Josiah Rice 2 00
 William Bald j qq
 R. H. Johnson j qq
 C. Anthony 2 00
 L. P. Mott 200
 M. C. Cameron Esq 2 00
 Capt. Bennett 200
 Mrs. Clarey 2 fiO
 Mrs. Wallace 2 00
 Phebe Jones 2 GO
 Alfred Rockwell l q
 T. R. Tremain j qq
 Ranson Osborn j qq
 Samuel Rhoads 2 00
 E. L. Baker 3,00
 John Garrett 2 00
 E. Mortimer 2 00
 Asa D. Wright 2 00
 Mr. Mumford 2 00
 Samuel Humphrey 200
 L. Tilmou 2 00
 Mary Walton j gg
 Wm Waring j gg
 Nathan Marblo 2 00
 Anne P. Adams 2 00
 Sarah D. Wilde 2,00
 Mr. Pratt 2,00
TESTIMONY FROM COUNTY.
 i“ So lad he could not Elat.”
 to nil who thin may come or in any way concern:
 Ihit in to certify that I applied W. B. Sloan’s
 Salve to my hois *’s mouth when it was very bad
 with Blauk Tongue or Cancer—so bad he could not
 cat; and in two hours he eat as well as ever. And
 I further certify that it is a good medicine for hu
 man tieah, cuts and biuises.
 O. B. CROFF, M. D.
 Bethany, Oct. 29th, 1850.
 Sloan’s advertisement in another column.
INFLUENZA AND CONSUMPTION.
 It is indeed a melancholy truth, that thousands
 fall victims to consumption every year from no
 other cause titan neglected colds; yet we find hun
 dreds, nay thousands, who treat such complaints
 with the greatest indifference, and let them run on
 for weeks, and even months, without thinking of
 the danger. At first, you have what you consider
 a slight cough or cold; you allow business, pleasure
 or carelessness to prevent you from giving it any
 attention; it then settles upon your breast, you be-
 C line hoarse, have pains in the si e or chest, expec
 torate large quantities of matter, perhaps mixed
 with blood: a difficulty of breathing ensues, and then
 find vour own foolish neglect has brought on this
 complaint. If, then, you value your life or health,
 Ire warned in time, and don’t trifle with your cold,
 “f to any quack nostrum to cure you; but im
 mediately procure a bottle or two of that famous
 remedy, Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry,
 which is well know to be the most speedy cure ever
 known, as thousands will testify, whose lives have
 been saved by it
 For influenza it is the very best medicine in the
 world. Be not deceived, remember that spurious
 imitations and oilier preparations of Wild Cherry
 altound throughout the land, but it is Dr. Wistar’s
 that has performed so many thousand wonderful
 cures, therefore buy no other but the geouine,
 original Balsam of Vild Cherry, signed I. BU I TS
 on the wrapper.
 For sale by Post Willis; also by Wh.
 Pitkin.
NEW YORK CITY'!
 Ballard’s Panorama of
 NEW-YORK CITY.
 In consequence of the gieat success this Pant)-
 rama has met with in this city the past week, ML
 Bullard will remain here
 ONE WEEK LONGER.
 The Panorama will be Exhibited
 AT CONCERT HALL,
 Every after Boor*. and evening this week, and on
 Thursday, Friday and Saturday
 January 16th, 17th and 18th,
 there will be
 Three Exhibitions Each Day,
 the FIRST commencing at 11 o’clock. It gives a
 minute represenlatioe ot over
 Four miles of Broadway one mile of
 Shipping and Canal Boats, Bat
 tery, Castle Garden, Sfc.
 It will commence moving each afternoon at 3
 o’clock, and each evening at 7.
 Admission, 12| cents; children unaccompanied by
 their parents, 64 cents; children accompanied by
 on* or both of their parents, ran.
Our Israelitish Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Anciert Israel, by Prof.
 Wilson, England—Ameri:an from the third
 London ed.tion. t his work is designed to show
 that the inhabitants of the United States of Amer
 ica, Eagland, and Moderan Na.ioos of Europe, are
 the descendants of the ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 that tlie Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saxons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel were lost. In this book is
 publislied the objections taised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickerstith, of the Church
 of England, together with the author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets, to the truth respecting
 Ephraim aad the whole bouse of Israel, that we are
 now come to the very time and peace, and circom
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 affords evidence that a key has been found to un
 lock the treasures of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to whom the promises are
 made, and the promised inheritance both on earth
 and ia heaven, aad shews how fully God had pro
 vided against all possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of what he hath purposed repecting them.
 These works are free from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to be appreciated.
 To behad of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, and ERAS TUST DARROW, corner Main
 and St. Paul streets.
 011 m Book Trade supplied on liberal terms.
'Ahoectise meats.
M Prfntiag!—itk Prluti*! t
 COR It R or BUFFALO ADD lICHtRSI STS
 OVER I. BVLDKS’S HARDWARE STORE.
 SMITH k CLOUGH^ 3
 Having recently made additions to their extensive
 Job Printing Office, are prepared to execute all or
 ders with neatness and despatch, and 00 as liheral
 terms as any establishment in Western New York
 —steam or no steam. Willi a new and improved
 card press from the works of Hoe Ac Co., and all
 the late styles of type, we flatter ourselves that our
 o&lt; k** l canßot he surpassed. ‘‘Try Ue.”
 It a&gt; i^n U fShipptn* Bills,
 Invitation Cards,
 mm
 Books, Pamphlet.; Ac, Ac.,
 Uone in stylejat short notice. r
 r |w. b. clough-B
Old LadiestTake Notice!
 IHAVE now on liand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BANDS, to cover up the
 gray hair, and bnld places upon the front part ot the
 itead and temples—and I will sell a neater, clienp
 er, and better article than can lie bought in the
 St r e u r
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India Hair Dye, lor culorine the
 hair black.
 QCJ“Cash paid for Human Hair. AH ju 68*
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the Stale of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms fo, Chart?*, JR.
 Applications for Charters must be Bade toll
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 68
 MB Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.B. 8. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL |FOR;fc EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, R’form and Jn
 telligonce generally
WM. A.yVIHTE, and CHAS. W.| SLACK,
 §BH KIMTnRS v*ie.
 OTs&gt;~ii IB
 T 1 is nmversally conceded that Intemperance ami
 I. Ignorance are the fruitful sources of nearly all
 crime, and in the eradict.iou of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 die sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stones,
 Lettersfrom Correspomlents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific .Mattere. Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the file u*
 of the Week.
 W* The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Arrom, in
 vanably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
WONDERFUL BOOK.]
NOW READY.?
 The mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 Histosy »f these remarkable soutids.and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications &amp;c. &amp;c., —price, single,
 12icts —10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from #l5 to #25 requiree, and
 the agent will be indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure.— ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Mustn’t establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Maes. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country 01
 Dr. W. as a political tefugee, from Dresden, and
 are noflr happy to chrouicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,’will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which be pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 iniblic, that he has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 Buggies’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 6 from Boston,
 and 3 frnmJAlhany, situated in one of the plea seated
 Tallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the neces.-ary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc. 1
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having, an ex*
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 Eurojieaii hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 souahle expectations from the water-eure-system,
 uracle on the part of those may confide
 hemselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and tlie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe,' where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received tlie LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest ami most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as We feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each*
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main it., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The 014 Curesity Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform Ss
 rieads and the public generally, that he has recently
 eularged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy ami sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Carosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Carosity Shop!
 Rochester March 1849.
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed ’my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street. 7
 m 1 hankfttl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are ftie
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to calf oa me aad satisfy
 themselves. _ is
 70 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations perfosmed by me on Ae
 teeth aad Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, 0ut.,1341848
ItSLOAfI S CS:.gM». SB
Ail Medicines and Bocks advertised by
 W. B. Sloan are sold who l ea»le and retail,
 at the proprietor's prices, at
 SWAN’S MEDICINE DEPOT
 United States Hotel Block, Temoa Street,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and ail orders for tbo tan
 from the Stale of New York, Penney I vaais,
 Eastern Ohio and the Canadas, must bo ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B. MOREHOUSE. Travelling Aft.
 Sold by Post Wans, Rochester Ly
 man Bebve, Penfield T. B. ft W. Coe
 nino, Webster; J. Van Busin, Fair port
 B. M. Glazier, Sweden Centre; Andrew
 Clark, Clarkson; A. B. Raymond, Spea
 ce r port, and !&gt;v Merchants, Druggists, fte., ia
 nearly every town in the United States aad
 Canada.
 SLOAN’S
FAMILY DINTMENI
 Is Mild, Safe, Thorough, and the greatest
 External Remedy ever used. It is comp*-
 sed of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 power unequalled in the annals of Medieine
 for the cure of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It is universally acknowledged to be an
 infallible remedy in every case where it haa
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 and is invaluable in all diseases of the flesh.
 Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 Can be relieved of pain and all inflammation, and cured
 Immediately by a free use of Sloan’* Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Sloan’s Ointment haa no equaL It relieves all pain in a
 few minutes, and kaala rapidly, without leaving a scar. t
 •CALD HEAD.
 Every case of ibis troublesome complaint can be cured
 with Sloen’e OuMmem, if the directions are strictly fol
 io wed.
 PILES.
 Sloan’s OinUMHt affords immediate relief and has eared
 hfudreds of cases after all other remedies had failed.
 CROUP.
 the approach of its rattle, can be immediately arrested
 by a free use of Koan’a Ointment.
 BALD BEAD.
 Slam’s Ointment removes all inflammation frvm the
 scalp,«cnsequently a vigorous growth of hair follows.
 SORE THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts,
 Diseases of the Eye, Ague in the Face, Rheumatic Paisa,
 Contracted Cords, Pam in the Side, Back, and othsr puna
 of the system, Boils, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and svary
 kind of sore containing the least particle of Inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It is a fact, authenticated here, as wtll as all over the
 Slate, ana indeed the whole wostem states, that Sloea’e
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity aad re
 putation, to which they are justly entitled by their “Asnftiy
 virtues,” and powers. We are not among thoee who aru
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that cornea slnne
 and in this instance have delayed our endorsement until
 we have been able to make assurance double sure, not omlr
 by testing them personally ourselves, but from the testi
 mony of a numerous portion of the community living
 around us.— (Illinois Globe, April 13, 1860.
 STOPPED THE NAUSEA.
 *-f n r Buffalo, Sept. 26th IUO.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 last, my hand Is-gan to swell badly, and caused mu
 very great suffering. The swelling daily inersasud
 and extended up tny arm to the shoulder, und aflMtf
 ed me so much us to render ine incapable of rutaia
 iig any food in my stomach. I hud the alteadaoed
 of an eminent physician, und every thing wee trie*
 that promised relief, until it seemed as though I
 could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture at the soliAation of a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to tha
 arm and hand, and also over the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea; aad la
 25 or 30 minutes, the pain iii my arm and band waa
 so far relieved, that 1 fell into a quiet slumber, for
 the first time in about two weeks. The hand waa
 several times laid open with the Lancet before your
 Ointment was applied, without affording any relief;
 hut from the time I began to use your Ointmtwt op
 -011 it, the sore discharged fresly, and my head and
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly abort
 time. The speedy relief from the wondeful suffer
 ings which 1 experienced, induces me to aeod you
 this testimonial that others similarly effeeted may
 know the value of your Ointment in such eoeae.
 For any further particulars, you are at lilierty to re
 fer to me, MR#. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 I certify that the above statement is true.
 JOHN MURRAY.
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUNTY
 To all whom this may come, or in any way eoncora:
 This is to certify that I applied W. B. Sloan's
 Salve to my horse’s mouth when it was very hod
 with Black Tongue or Cancer—so bad he could
 not eat; and in two hours he oat as well ae ever.
 And I furi her certify that it is a good modiaiae for
 human ilesh, cuts and bruises.
 O. B. CROFF, M. D.
 Bethany, Oct. 29th 1850.
’SLOAN’S’ f
HOUSE OINTMENT
 HAS EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it excels, and is now su
 perceding alf other Ointments and Liniment%
 for the cure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do.
 mestic Animals. A free use of this Ointaant
 cures immediately all
 Fresh Wounds and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. *lts effects are per
 fectly magical in the eureof these Injuries. J
 For Sprains, Strains and Brulaaa,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that com
 pares with Sloan a Ointment.
 Wind Galls, Callus and Cracked Heels,
 Are oured at once by the use of SVeaafa
 Ointment, if the directions are followed. 4
 Spavin, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently ell
 these Complaints by a faithful application of.
 Sloan’s Ointment,
 Fistula, Poll Bv£| and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 never fail to restore the aninuxl sound u
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the cure of Founder aad
 Contracted Feet. The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 and toughen the feet, and the Condition Pow
 der is certain to remove all internal Fever tad
 Stiflhess,
 Scratches or Grease aad Ifaagn.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Cema
 plaints is Sloan’s Ointment, It our as when
 all other Remedies fail.
 Farmers, Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to cure a|
 oases of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Rot of &lt;9!ieam
 end injuries in the feet of other anima^
 tt?” For further Particulars am* a Multt*
 tudoof Certificates of Rtmag'aMs Cars*
 get Pamphlets of Agents^
 Preparsd and So«, WhoUsals and Rstad
 Otpoiy 40 Lak Smgty
 Zjfj, WB. SLOAN..
