The NORTH STAR u published every
 Thursday, at No. 3ft. Buffalo Street.
 (OfgMMtelh* Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dolUrs per annum, always in advance. No
 •abaeriptioa wiu be received for a lee* ter* then
 ■tx mouth*.
 Advsrtieeaesu not exceeding ten hue* inserted
 three times for oae dollar; every •ebseqoeot rnser
 tioo. twenty-five cent*. _
 TheortectofawNoavuSTAa will be to abolwh
 SLAVE RYio all it* form* and *«P*cU;
 Ustvxa.At EeancirATios; exalttbe .Undard
 of public morality, promote the moral and mtellec
 oal Imßrovement ol the Cotoaxo PlofLt; and
 day of FREEDOM to the Tux**
 Millions of oar enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 W- All communications relating to the ftnatn*** I
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 o£f» Agent*, aad all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, aad to give the Post office,
 tbs Camay, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communication* must be post paid
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.— R.F Wallcut,2l, Corbitt,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabei Cogswell, Brookfield.
 Ntw Yoke.—Sydney H. Gay, 14*, Nassau
 Street; William Harned, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watt* Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; .Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 etts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; i. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; William Brom
 ley, Lockport.
 Rhode Island.—Amaraney Paiiie,Frovidence.
 P*in»*tL vania.— J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, Columbia;
 Milo A. Townsend, New Brighton; B. E. Bown,
 Salem.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Oharlet
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County; J.
 D. Patterson, Oberlin; S. D. Jenkins, Columbbus.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr.J.
 B. Barnes, Owasso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana.—Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois.—Henry O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.—John J tines Carey. Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
AN ADDRESS,
 Delivered at Oberlin, Ohio, by Miss.
 Sally Holley, daughter of the late
 Myron Holley, of Rochester JV. F.
 Ladies of the Anti-Slavery Societt:
 I am happy in being permitted to ad
 dress you—glad to lift up my voice in
 behalf of human freedom And tho’ this
 phrase is often on our lips and in our
 ears, yet we cannot too fully drink in its
 blessed spirit, nor too vividly realize its
 grand significance and glorious truth.
 And if the few words that I shall say,
 this afternoon, will advance but one
 hour, the inevitable progress of human
 freedom and the downfall of human sla
 very, I would not exchange that con
 sciousness for ali the gold of Califor
 nia, or the fame of a Washington.
 If in the bosom of a single individual,
 they shall aid to extinguish one bitter
 and cruel prejudice against the colored
 race, or kindle and quicken the slum
 bering energies of one heart into gen
 erous sympathy with the despised and
 outraged African, I shall be amply re
 warded, and it you will excuse this one
 expression of a filial affection that
 “never slumbers nor sleeps” I will
 add, that I shall feel, from out his man
 sion of rest in heaven, the smile of a
 sainted father’s love resting upon me.
 I propose to consider my subject un
 der the following heads;
 Ist. The importance of the anti-sla
 very movement.
 Ski. What it has actually accom
 plished.
 3d. What can we do for its advance
 ment
 Elihu Burnt says, “The idea that a
 man cannot own property in man, or
 make him a chattel, has not fifty years
 of age or expansion.” If we may say
 it, reverently, the Virgin Mary of that
 idea, was an obscure English woman,
 who was startled from her slumbers,
 night after night, by its vivid revela
 tions—it wrought in her mind for
 months, absorbing all of her thoughts,
 all the glow of her sympathies, all the
 vigor of her convictions. And its hour
 came. She proclaimed it to the world
 with a heart-power that reached the
 consciences of statesmen and stirred
 the nation to emotion Look at the idea
 now See how tho principalities and
 powers of the earth are bowing before
 And a few years ago Harriet Mar
 tineau wrote, “The most sublime spec
 tacle now moving on the face of the
 globe are the abolitionists in the United
 States. They include men of every
 shade of color, of every degree of edu
 cation, of every variety of religious
 opinion, ot every gradation of rank,
 bound together by no vow, no pledge,
 no stipulation, but each preserving his
 individual liberty, and yet they act as if
 they were of one heart and of one soul
 —a well grounded faith towards a no
 ble object, is the only principle which
 can account for such a spectacle.”
 Thus many of the leading minds of the
 age early appreciated the importance
 of the Anti-slavery movement. If
 there was any doubt in their mind
 about its ultimate triumph, it lay in this,
 that like the doctrine of our immortali
 ty, it seemed almost too good to be
 true. Well might they sing,
 "Oh! could we make our doubt* remove,
 Those gloomy doubt* that ri*e.
 And aee this Canaan that we love
 With unbeclouded eye*."
 And, m&gt; friends, it is good for us
 now that the Anti-Slavery struggle has
 gained many victories, to revert to the
 pioneers of this great moral enterprise.
 It is refreshing to the very soul to think
 of their courage and heroism. Most of
 them, from the beginning, foresaw that
 the conflict was likely to be long and
 arduous, and they girded themselves
 accordingly for the conflict. They pre
 sent us a noble example of a brave fi
 delity and a devotedness to as holy a
 cause as ever blessed mankind. For
 Anti-slavery is the child of Christianity.
 It bears on its very front “the image
 sod superscriptionof God. The An
 ti-Slavery movement is important, be
 cause it not only is to redeem three
 and a half millions of colored people
 from “the vilest system of slavery the
 tun ever shone upon,” and place them
 on a level of a common humanity, but
 it is also to bring freedom to all races.
 We must never forget that it is as
 much the cause of the white, as of the
 colored people. VViib every black
 •lave a white will also be freed. It
 is prophetic of the doing away of all op
 pression. It is the foundation of uni
 versal freedom. It is the dawn of that
 day when the rights of all shall be re
 spected.
THE NORTH STAR
FREDERICK DOVGL4SS, Editor aid Proprietor.
VOL. IV. NO. 5.
The Anti-Slavery movement is im
 portant in another most interesting
 sense. One of its most striking char
 acteristics is, its genuine and exalted
 regard to the moral nature It may be
 doubted whether, since the days of the
 apostles, anything has ever occurred
 to awaken so large a portion of the
 world to the great fact, that they hnd
 spiritual rights and hopes, as this same
 Anti-Slavery movement. It teaches
 that the identity of a human being is
 not in flesh and blood, but in thought,
 affection, conscience, will, and all the
 riches of the spiritual nature. When
 told that the slaves have cookies, and
 dances, and so ought to be contented, it
 indignantly replies, “Is it not true that
 the life is more than meat, and the
 body than raiment? Shall man live by
 bread alone, and not by every word
 that proceedeth’ out of the mouth of
 God?”
 The Anti-Slavery movement is im
 portant, for it appeals to all the noblest
 sentiments and aspirations of the hu
 man soul. It awakens a fervor of love,
 an earnestness of devotion, and an en
 larged hope that is twice blessed,
 "It blesses hie* that gives and him that takes
 All over our land are those that
 could*rise up and testify to the great
 work it has wrought in their own souls,
 enriching and elevating their entire
 being. In consequence of the agita
 tion of the Anti-Slavery question, many
 an otherwise would-be cipher in soci
 ety, both men and women, are now
 transformed into characters of perma
 net interest and beauty. It has im
 parted vigor and freshness to their
 once dull and withered lives. And as
 one after another of the colored race
 escapqp from the South and undo the
 heavy chain of ignorance, they too as
 tonish and delight us by exhibiting a
 force of intellect and a fullneSs of ele
 vated sympathy, that before was “not
 so much as dreamed of in our philoso
 phy.” Witness thal most remarkable
 man of the age, Frederick Douglass.
 Hear his rich and touching language
 —“I sometimes forget the color of my
 skin, and remember that I am a man.
 I sometimes forget that I am hated of
 men and loved of God. Has the white
 man religious aspirations? So have I.
 Thoughts that wander thro’ eternity,
 and affections that ascend even to the
 everlasting throne and cling around
 my Heavenly Father.” Here let me
 ask you all to read Gerrit Smith’s re
 cent letter to Mr. Douglass. It is good
 to have the heart stirred by the emotion
 it excites. It is good to let the dry
 wastes within be freshened by the
 tears of sympathy it occasions. If the
 cause of Anti-Slavery had made us ac
 quainted with but one such spirit as
 Gerrit Smith’s, we should greatly re
 joice, what then should we not feel
 when we call to mind the “glorious
 company” of the Anti-Slavery reform
 ers! Think of a Garrison, a Goodale,
 Angelina Weld, and Lucretia Molt,
 “that beautiful example of woman
 hood,” (to use the language of Dr.
 Channing,) and a host of others, even
 the most unfriendly to Abby Kelley,
 must see that she has brought holy and
 beautiful gifts to the altar of God and
 humanity—“ With ali ihy faults I love
 thee still.”
 The Anti-Slavery movement is im
 portant, because it proposes to unite
 the two races into one. Although I
 have forgotten many other good things
 that Professor Thome said in the Rhe
 torical class, I shall not easily lose his
 remarks, made while criticising an An
 ti-Slavery discussion. He said—“it
 is a great happiness for me. I love to
 look forward to the time when through
 the divine influence of Christian Anti-
 Slavery principle, the two races shall
 iqipgle into one.” “The two races
 united and in kindly activity can find
 out everything and accomplish every
 thing that is true. They will subject
 the elements then, instead ot Subjecting
 one another. The elements are made
 for subjection. Their broad shoulders
 are spread for service. It does not de
 grade them, or weary them, or impov
 erish them, to be made to work. Aye
 they are willing to work. All they
 want of intelligent mankind is, tint it,
 will stand out of the way and give them
 elbow room and a chance.”
 The Anti-Slavery movement is im
 portant in view of its influence upon the
 nominal church of our country. It has
 stripped off the stolen mask of goodness
 and purity with which she has so long
 tried to “deceive if possible, the very
 elect,” aiffl shown up the cant hypocri
 sy, hollow-heartedness and utter world
 liness that lay concealed beneath. Let
 none of my friends mistake me here. I j
 love and reverence the true church of
 God as “the very gate of heaven,” as
 “the shadow of a great rock in a weary
 land/’ but this is a very different thing
 from the pro-slavery churches of this
 world. No one of us cau for a moment
 look at the church and clergy of our
 land without Tne deepest humiliation
 and mortification—with a few noble ex
 ceptions, it must be owned, they are all
 on the side of oppression.
 We live in a crisis when a tremen
 dous conflict of principles is taking
 place. On one side is the oppressor,
 struggling to keep his power for the
 sake of his gold, and with him, the mer
 cenary, the faithlessly timid, the am
 bitous and the weak. On the other
 side are the friends of the slave, and
 with them those who without possibility
 of recompense are sacrificing their
 reputations, their fortunes, their quiet,
 and risking their lives for the principle
 of freedom. What are the church and
 a great portion of the clergy doing
 amidst this war which admits of neither
 peace nor truce, but which must end
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
in the subjugation of the principles of
 freedom or of oppression? As a body
 they must be ranked as the enemies of
 the slave. So while society is going
 thro’ its greatest of moral revolutions,
 casting out its most hateful abomina
 tions and bringing its Christianity into
 its politics and its social conduct, the
 church and the clergy are pitying and
 ridiculing the apostles of the revolution
 preaching speculative doctrines,mourn
 ing over the wickedness of the ancient
 Jews and telling how stiff-necked and
 rebellious people were a thousand
 years ago; advocating third and fourth
 rate objects of human exertion and
 leaving it to the laity to carry out the
 first and pressing reforms of the age.
 They are blind to their mission of en
 lightening and guiding the moral senti
 ments of society in its greatest crisis—
 And yet professing abolitionists some
 times tell us, “Beware how you disre
 spect the church and the ministers.
 Anti-Slavery must not lose its rever
 ence for them—come of the slaves
 what may. Abolish slavery ifyou can,
 but reverence the clergy, the pulpit
 aud the steeple whether or no.” Our
 judgment and our conscience answer
 no. We must prefer Christianity to
 the church—the inward spirit to the
 outward means. And lastly, I will
 mention one of the considerations for
 which I doom the Anti-Slavery move
 ment important. Though in this, I
 may differ from “some whose charac
 ters I admire and whose opinions 1 re
 spect and whom I should feel honored
 to call my friends.” I allude to what
 it has done for woman as woman. It
 has no small measure awakened her to
 fact that she has political as
 social rights and duties. It has
 made her intelligent as to the wicked
 laws and usurpations of government in
 this country. “Honorable women, not
 a few, are beginning to feel and act in
 view of their immense responsibilities
 in all philanthropic improvements.
 The Anti-Slavery movement has
 helped them to see the difference be
 tween a few man-granted, peculiar
 privileges, and the essential God-given
 rights of their moral nature. Before
 Anti-Slavery agitation, who ever heard
 of women’s attending political meet
 ings and listening with thrilling inter
 est to political speeches? When a
 Chase, a Seward, Pres. Mahan and
 Prof. Hudson speak in this chapel, who
 does not know that a large portion of
 the audience are the women of Oberlin!
 This is a loud comment upon the spirit
 of the age.
 2. What the Anti-Slavery movement
 has actually accomplished. It is gen
 erally admitted that since the com
 mencement of the Anti-Slavery strug
 gle, the condition of the free people of
 color has greatly improved. Talent
 enterprise and moral worth have been
 developed that have ensured the es
 teem and commanded the respect of
 community. Prejudice in various quar
 ters is giving way, and caste will abate
 as slavery becomes more odious, until
 they both descend to the region of
 darkness, from, whence they sprang.
 The time will come, we are encouraged
 to believe, when individuals will be ap
 preciated according to their moral
 worth, irrespective of complexion, sex
 or condition in life, when disabilities
 will be removed, and all enjoy the
 privilege of rising according to their
 talents, enterprize and character. The
 Anti-Slavery movement has accom
 plished what, from the outsat, it meant
 to do. It has brought the subject of
 abolition into our national and state
 legislatures. Anti-Slavery is the all
 absorbing subject of interest in the
 Hall of Congress.
 The first men of the nation are now
 engaged in its discussion—and a few
 days will bring us intelligence concern
 ing it, of the deepest interest. The
 Anti-Slavery movement has caused
 Ohio to repeal her “black laws,” and
 provide for the education of her color
 ed children. Tbe proper officers are
 authorized to admit colored children in
 to the regular public schools and in
 case they do not admit them, they are
 required to create schools for their spe
 cial benefit. Colored persons are now
 placed in regard to the distribution and
 benefits of the school funds upon the
 same footing with white persons. The
 Anti-Slavery movement has greatly
 aided the free people of color in their
 efforts for intellectual and social eleva
 tion. Amorig many instances we no
 tice the following. The Salem Regis
 ter says, “Robert Morris, Esq., of
 Boston, the young colored lawyer, a
 native of this city, appeared as counsel
 j in a case, before the court of Common
 Pleas, now sitting in Salem, on Tues
 day last. He managed his oase with
 much ability, and his presence excited
 considerable sensation. We hear his
 effort spoken of as having given great
 pleasure and satisfaction, which were
 not diminished by the consideration
 that the first colored lawyer who has
 j ever made his appearance in the courts
 i here, was one of our townsmen.” The
 graduate at the last commencement at
 Middlebury (Vt.) College, who deliv
 ered the Latin Salutatory Oration, was
 a colored man. The New York Cen
 tral College at McGrawville, has a col
 ored Professor, who is said to fill his of
 fice with dignity and ability. The
 New York Tribune in giving an ac
 count of the examination of the Public
 School, No. 1, (colored,) by the Trus
 tees, in the presence of many visitors
 and distinguished friends of education,
 says:
 “The boys under Mr. Peterson, a
 colored teacher, numbered ISO, and
 compared, intellectually, very well with
 some of the other dPublie Schools.
 Their order end readiness were com-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1851.
mend able. There Ib a well selected li
 brary connected with tbe school and
 many other appliances for effective
 teaching. In the girl’s department
 were 80 girls, who were lady-like and
 orderly, with a fair thare of intelli
 gence. They read well, wrote very
 well and sang better. Some drawings
 and paintings wfre decidedly good
 The principal, Miss Roe, (colored,) is
 an intellectual and accomplished wo
 man.” “Cha’s Avery, an opulent cit
 izen ofPittsburgh, Pa., has founded a
 high-school for people of
 intending to exclude other youth,which
 has been opened within a short time.
 It is called "The Alleghany Insti
 tute,” and is ty its charter a college.
 Of the nine tmstees, 6 are colored
 nine successors to continue in the same
 ratio forever. “The people of color
 are making agricultural efforts that are
 highly commendable. The munificent
 grants of land tsthe colored persons by
 Gcrrit Smith, in the State of New York,
 have induced a number of them to
 commence subduing the forest and til
 ling the soil, their attention is
 wisely drawn to Ihe country, and from
 the employments and temptations inci
 dent to their condition in cities.” The
 Convention of colored citizens, held
 last winter in Colimbus, was spoken of
 by the newspapers with approbation of
 the order of the proceedings, the
 ability of the speakersand the happy in
 fluences exerted. There are newspa
 pers published and cwducted by col
 ored persons which compare hand
 somely with any in the country—and,
 my friends, I might {numerate many
 more instances that shiw what the Anti-
 Slavery movement las actually ac
 complished—l presune ii is unneces
 sary.
 Your own observafeon and reading
 can supply them. Bu if I were asked
 to tell, in one singh phrase, what is
 the best thing the Ani-Slavery strug
 gle has accomplished I would answer
 —lt has developed in !he minds of the
 community, the idea &gt;f perfect human
 freedom! One of th&lt; greatest ideas
 that ever dawned uptti created mind.
 Personal freedom! pditical freedom—
 religious freedom —lol every individual
 of the human race! Tor this inestima
 ble service we are imnediately indebt
 ed to the Anti-Slavery movement. And
 this brings me to tbe 3d head of my
 address—which is—
 What can we do for the advancement
 of the Anti- Slavery cause
 In the first place, we can and must
 discharge from every chamber of our
 soul, all prejudice against color. This
 is the first work for a true aboitionist
 to do. At home and abroad, ir high
 ways and by-ways, in stage-coash and
 steamboat, in song and sermon, always
 and everywhere, we must set oir face
 against it. Yes, the poor black slave
 as he is, a stalking animal wth his
 mind all crushed in walking &lt;n this
 green earth, without a single pusation
 belonging to a free man, must U pre
 cious and sacred in our estimation.
 My friends, I ask you in all the serious
 ness of my soul, it is not enougl that
 the colored people have to content with
 their own ignorance, stupidity and in
 dolence in the way of their elevltion,
 without having to encounter this kick
 ed prejudice against color,that is press
 ing down upon them, with giant
 weight on every side, almost alike from
 the sinner and the professing Christian?
 Think you, the thought that you helped
 to swell the tide of bitter prejudice
 against color, will add to the treasure
 of your holy recollections in tbe great
 future? Think you, your Heavenly
 Father will welcome you with more
 love into his mansions of glory! Will
 the smile of his countenance be more
 radiant as you enter? Will it give mel
 ody to your voice, as you join the song,
 “Salvation to our God which sitteth up
 on the throne, and unto the Lamb.”
 My friends, I beseech you by all your
 hopes of heaven, by all your sympathy
 in a Savior’s dying love, to cast off, at
 once and forever, all prejudice against
 color. I know the influence of educa
 tion, association and custom of society,
 is great. I know the power of sin and
 selfishness is strong. I know the
 bondage of the flesh and the world is
 not easily broken. Alas! how few of
 us ever escape! Alas! how few of us
 ever know what “full salvation” means!
 Let us all remember that every time
 we make a distinction merely on ac
 count of color, whether in the church,
 in the choir, in the street, in the recita
 tion room, in the social party, every
 time we refuse to associate with wor
 thy colored people on terms of perfect
 social, civil and religious equality, we
 are helping to bind tighter the chains
 'of the poor slave—we are assisting to
 put further off in the future, the d"y of
 his deliverance—we are aiding to
 trample uuder our feet and deeper in
 the dust, those for whom Christ died.
 I say this, as much for my own, as for
 any body’s else benefit. We’ need to
 look this matter full in the taco. It
 has been dodged long enough by pro
 fessing abolitionists. The only safe po
 sition for the Christian reformer, is a
 bold and uncompromising one. It may
 lead even to the cutting off of a right
 band, or the picking out of a right eye;
 no matter, it must be done. “It is bet
 ter to enter life maimed, then having
 two handa to be caat into hell fire.”—
 Christianity is true, candid, aweet and
 full of aimplicity, yet strong amfcoura
 geous, what tho’ her way lie through
 doubt, darkness and difficulties yet
 leaning on her Father’s arm she feared
 •no evil. A genflemsn who lor tbe first
 time contributed to aid the Anli-Slayery
 cause, said to a colored friend of mine,
 whe was lecturing, “I once bad great
 prejudices against your people, but
when I was converted they all left me."
 Here was a genuine conversation!
 What! a child of Heaven despising any
 color that God had seen fit to give hip
 human family, tho’ the hue, for very
 blackness,
 “To thame might bring
 The ptaamgo of the Ravcn’a wing.”
 A few years ago, u gentleman, wLo
 professed to be a "good abolitionist,"
 was staying at mv mother’s—l sus
 pected that he plumed himself rather
 high upon his abolitionism. So I ven
 tured to test him. I invited the only
 colored neighbor we had to take tea
 with us. I said nothing to this gentle
 man about it and when tea was an
 nounced, I was not surprised to ob
 serve the quick flush of indignation that
 broke over his countenance, as he en
 tered the room, from which, when he
 saw who was there, he precipitately
 retreated. Afterwards, I said to him,
 "I thought you called yourself an abo
 litionist!" He replied, "well, soldo,
 but I don’t intend to eat with black
 folks!" And even in Oberlin, this
 spirit sometimes manifests itself. In
 this place, not many years ago, a gen
 tlemarTinvited all his table mates to
 accompany him on a ride to the Lake.
 Now, it so happened one was colored
 and did not go. On the way out, a
 lady suddenly exclaimed, "O we are
 not all here, after all. I do not see
 (naming the colored individual)
 a gentleman replied, "I think he
 showed his good sense in not coming.
 He would not have enjoyed the ride
 with us." "Well," said the lady,
 "whose fault is it? His, for wearing a
 skin not colored like ours, or ours who
 by our behavor aie constantly remind
 ing him of the difference in our colors?”
 There is truth in what an Anti-Slavery
 editor has written. "Our people have
 got the colorphobia. Some of them
 have it in blue, collapse stage. Many
 of them have got it so bad, they can’t
 get well. They will die of it. It will
 be a mercy if the nation does not What
 a dignified, philosophic malady! Dread
 of-complexion. They don’t know they
 have got it, or think rather, they took
 it in the natural way. But they were
 innoculated. It was breathed into their
 veins and incided into their systems by
 Old Dr. Slavery. It is fouler than Old
 Testament leprosy. It seems to set
 the dragon into people and make them
 treat poor dark-skinned folks like a
 tiger. It goes hardest with dark com
 plexioned white people."
 Yes, my friends, from our heart we
 must discharge all prejudice against
 color. It is low, base, mean and utter
 ly unworthy. Unless we do arise above
 it, we need not claim to be Anti-Slave
 ry. If there is any professing Christian
 here, who is not willing to regard and
 esteem people irrespective of their
 color, to him I say, You may say that
 Garrison disbelieves the Bible and
 denounces the Sabbath"—you may call
 Abby Kelly "a hyena"—say that Em
 erson and Parker are of the "worst
 species of infidel"—that Douglass
 "scoffs and makes fun of religion"—
 that "Gerrit Smith is a fanatic"—that
 "Dr. Channing did not know what
 Christian salvation meant." You may
 say all these things and ten times hard
 er things if you mil —but do not call
 yourself a Christian. Dream not, for
 mercy’s sake, that you in all your
 "sphere of influen9e and usefulness"
 are an appropriate representative of
 the Lord Jesus Do not ask
 us to believe your spirit and life to be
 Christian! Tell us not, to think you
 are "not far from the kingdom of hea
 ven." That you are helping to build
 up the kingdom of truth and righteous
 ness, which Jesus came to set up on
 earth—for which the "Lamb was slain
 before the foundation of the world"—
 which caused the Indefinite Father,
 out of the fulness of His Love to send
 His only begotten Son to die, to re
 deem us from sin and misery. Do not
 expect that you have any part or lot
 in this matter. You are not laying a
 solitary stone in the walls of Zion.
 Human Redemption. The angels and
 arch-angels of God love to look over
 the battlemenVof heaven to witness the
 going forward of this grand provision
 of the wonderful love of the Everlast
 ing Father. Think, I ask you, what
 the words mean, that you so atfecting
 ly sing—
 Jews I my cross have taken
 All to leave and follow thee,
 Naked, poor, despised, forsaken
 Thou, front hence my all shall be.'*
 Again we can aid the Anti-Slavery
 cause by embracing every opportunity
 to do all in our power to elevate the
 colored people. Give them our respect
 and confidence. Give them offices of
 trust and honor—we must minister to
 their self-respect. Their highest pow
 ers must be brought out into action.
 We must mingle freely with them.
 The idea of "colored churches and
 colored schools" is all false. There
 should exist no such distinctions in so
 ciety. They must be made to feel at
 home with us and we feel at home with
 them. It is brtter for us both. "Their
 presence amrassociation with us are
 vitally needed for their and our mutual
 welfare—for ttftir and our mutual
 nourishment of their and our wronged
 and sickly chardfeters#" Gerrit Smith
 writes:—"a few years ago, I spent a
 Sabbath in one of the large towns of
 Western New York, and as is wont
 when I have the opportunity, I wor
 shipped with a company of colored per
 sons. The unregulated seal of not a
 few of my fellow-worshippers was loud
 and freoxied, indecent and disgusting.
 Whence this gross violation of pro
 priety
 This was clearly traceable to their
 exclusion from the society of the well
 informed. Had they bean allowed to
TERMS— S 2 Per Abbbm, ißTtritMy Xb AJvabcc.
associate with their white brethren,
 they would hare participated in the in
 telligence of those brethren. Had they,
 instead of being shut out from the tem
 ples of those brethren by arrange
 ments and restrictions, such as even
 the most degraded can scarcely look—
 had they, instead of this outrage upon
 their equal rights and instead of being
 compelled to herd together in their ig
 norance and fanaticism, been allowed
 to worship with those brethren—they
 would have fallen not at all behind
 them in the knowledge and observance
 of a deportment proper to the sanctua
 ry. As moral reform women, we can
 not expect to do mu;h until slavery is
 abolished. The hideousness of slavery
 is most awfully seen, when it puts its
 great claw into domestic life and
 wrenches thence all that is most pre
 cious and sacred. This one monstrous
 outrage ought fo array the whole civi
 lized world in storm and deathless ener
 gy of opposition against it. O! when
 I’ve heard abolitionists accused of
 using “harsh and denunciatory lan
 guage” against slavery, I have thought
 if such accusers had ever experienced
 a tithe of the horrors of slavery, they
 would deem all language too feeble,
 too impotent to show forth faintly, the
 unutterable character of this "ill” that
 hath befal.en inheriting “flesh,” an
 '•ill” that flesh” by nature wa» not
 “heir to”—well has slavery been
 called “hell above ground.” There
 are subjects on which not to appear
 ‘terazy and fanatical” would be to be
 come a moral iceburgh. Again, as
 Anti-Slavery women, we can and it is
 our serious duty to keep ourselves ac
 quainted with the changes of aspect
 this question is, from time to time, as
 suming before the face of our country.
 We should bd armed with intelligence
 as to Anti-Slavery affairs, so as to be
 able to converse freely and with effect
 upon everything concerned in them.
 Bring up the subject as often as you
 can, and discuss it earnestly and feel
 ingly. I confess I have great confi
 dence and hope in talk. I believe with
 one of our professors, that it is the
 “Heavenly light.” It is one of the
 mightiest agencies for good or ill, that
 has ever been placed in the reach of
 human beings. Anti-Slavery women
 should read the doings of Congress,
 when such men as Henry Clay and
 Daniel Webster rise in the Senate
 chamber of the United States and give
 their energies and influence on the side
 of chains and oppression, and their
 speeches are reading all over the land,
 exerting a powerful bias upon the
 moulding minds of the &gt;oung, blinding
 tbeir intellects and preventing their
 moral sense and inducing them to close
 tbeir hearts against the cry of the
 down-trodden slave. O, is it not a
 high duty for the Anti-Slavery woman,
 to be able to point out to those around
 her the unprincipled baseness of such
 speeches and to counteract their effect.
 Never in the history of our country,
 since the days of Arnold, has there
 been so traitorous a political act, as
 Mr. Webster’s speech, and it ought to
 rouse the wholo country to burning in
 dignation against it. Never has Bos
 ton exhibited such preposterous and
 glaring inconsistency as in condeming
 i. W. Webster, while approving and
 congratulating Daniel Webster. Why,
 John W. Webster has killed only one
 mao and then in a moment of passion,
 while Danis! has deliberately consign
 ed throe and a half millions to a con
 ation, ten thousand times worse than
 death. It shows up the moral sense of
 t|iat city in anything but an enviable
 light. As Anti-Slavery women, we
 cannot take an enlightened interest in,
 We cannot render a good and efficient
 service to the cause we love and honor
 Without knowing how it stands before
 our country. We must be able to
 prove that the course of H. Clay de
 serves the deepest abhorrence of all
 Christian hearts. Many of the young
 people here are reading his speech and
 think it “fine,” and their minds are
 taking a permanent stamp from it.
 Now, we ought, as a matter of Chris
 tian Anti-Slavery principle, cultivate,
 if we have it not already, a decided
 taste for such reading and with all the
 intellect and energy we can summon
 up battle valiantly for the true and the
 right. I do not believe that if in the
 place of the endless talk about dress,
 society and the beaux, we should intro
 duce such topics, our table-talks, our
 home conversations, our rural sides
 and walks, or social intercourse any
 where, would be any the less interest
 ing. Then, too, we must appreciate
 and honor such anti-slavery champions
 as Horace Mann, John P. Hale W.
 H. Seward and S. P. Chase. They
 have done nobly in Congress. Their
 Speeches are refreshing and inspiring
 to every, true anti-slavery soul. If the
 apeeches of Clay and Webster made
 our hearts throb with pain, those of
 Hale, Chase. Mann and Seward,
 qaused them to leap with gladness. 1
 have just been reading Mr. Chase's
 speech. How much more honorable
 to humanity than Daniel Webster’s.
 No wonder Whittier thought “Icba
 bod.” O when I see so distinctly por
 trayed the consequences of Legislative
 action—the “ship of state” freighted
 with liberty and blessings of many—
 the woes and agonies of others, its very
 sails beaten with their sighs—its spars
 creaking with their wails—its lading
 drenched with bloody sweat—the
 heart-breaking separation of famiiiea,
 the crippling, destroying and would-be
 kitlipg of the immortal mind, distancing
 Popery and even Mahoraedanism itself,
 while 1 feel hmmbly grateful for the
 posseeaion of reason, natural rights
 and benevolence, is it strange tint I
WHOLE NO! 161.
should (’•sire with all my tout, to ex
 ercise these in the way that shall be
 meet potent most efficient for good?
 And here, to my gentemett friends
 present, let me ask—do you value the
 ballot-box that executes your wiU as
 freeman—that guards as a sacred trea
 sure your deposits in the ©sues of the
 good and the right? Do you prise this
 inheritance beyond all price? lias God
 given to man tbe rights of self-govern
 ment and not to woman also? Is oar
 sensibility to be wounded by the tele
 of oppression, consequent on bad lawa
 and the power to be withheld from us,
 to counteract as far as we might, by
 good, by just legislation? It is useless
 to plead that we are ignorant and there*
 fore incapacitated. Give us knowl
 edge—give us light—give us encour
 agement, as you would the serfs of
 Russsia or the Peasants of Hungary.
 It is insufficient to urge that home and
 society afford just as good and all
 necessary opportunities for manifesta
 tions of patriotism, of humanity. Let
 the law-made condition of three and a
 half millions of staves answer with
 refutation! Let the response of your
 own hearts to tbe question, would you
 for any consideration give up yoer en
 franchisement? be the answer. The
 day will come when the right and ne
 cesityof woman’s voting will be felt
 and acknowledged. God speed the
 right. And here, if it were in order,
 I would say, by way of doing, that
 it is indeed, a very melancholy fact,
 that so few women realize the least re
 sponsibility in this matter. But does it
 not all spring from the man-spoken and
 woman-echoed precepts that “women
 should not meddle with politics.” “It
 would generate family feuds.” Why,
 then, is it not dangerous for men too?
 Certainly it is very clear they ought
 not to meddle with politics. In what
 ever effects the interests of humanity,
 men and women must have a common
 cause. The cynical sneers of the
 press and from all other not wholly the
 most philanthropic, unquestionable
 quarters in regard to the awakening in
 terest of woman in politics—is by no
 means an ill or even discouraging
 omen! And if the honesly good join in
 the shake of the head (they will not
 point the finger) of derision, we need
 only leave the temples of truth, where
 the light of religion, of science, of free
 dom, are now beaming with sunny
 brightness, and take our way down the
 broad avenues, gradually becoming
 less and less broad, the lights dimmer
 and more dim, till we are compelled to
 thread a passage, almost feeling our
 way. To Galilee before the inquisitors
 —to Luther before the Worm's Diet
 —to Jesus before Pilate! Were all
 the good among tbe spectators of those
 scenes entirely free from doubts. The
 grand, immediate want of our day, is
 an unflinching, might-and-main op
 position to the malaria of expediency
 and compromise. It is the hateful
 genius of their doctrine that has given
 so much to slavery!—that has taken
 s much from human freedom! It is
 notoriously true that so infectious ia
 their influence, combined with party
 passions and individual ambition that
 by far the majority of men hold the
 anomalous practice, if not theory of
 thy consciences—a good conscience
 and a political conscience, aright thing
 per st and aright Constitution! Now
 woman having no personal ambition to
 gratify, no selfish aim to induce ner to
 adhere to any party—ia pre-eminently
 qualified to see clearly the right—and
 to engage with all her lively sympa
 thies—her tenderness of soul—her en
 during zeal—her devotedness of pur
 pose—her religious enthusiasm, in thin
 anti-expediency, anti-compromise ef
 fort! Senator Chase's remark “Hon
 esty is the best policy—Justice the
 highest expediency, and principle the
 only proper basis of union in a political
 organization,” is a worthy motto—and
 if its spirit should henceforth be in
 stilled into the minds of our embroyo
 statesman, we might confidently expect
 and calmly await the dawn of a new
 century upon universally emancipated
 America! And if the so oft
 cited “experiment” of free self-gov
 ernment is to be successfully demon
 strated in America, there can be no
 doubt, but the experiment of human
 slavery is by her to be as signally
 proved a failure! and her tableture
 may bear two inscriptions—“ She re
 sisted oppression and was delivered”
 —'“She ceased to oppress and wax
 free indeed!”
 SALLY HOLLEY.
Excitement at the Irving House.
 —Soon after the decision of Judge
 Judson, of the U. S. Court, to seed
 Long, the fugitive slave, back to Vir
 ginia, was made public yesterday, a
 large number of colored persons col
 lected in and about the Irving House,
 supposing that Long was there se
 creted, preparatory to being sent
 back. One of the blacks struck a white
 man who was present and a bloody
 scene came near being enacted. A
 Southerner, who had been a witness
 for the claimant, being present, drew
 a six barreled revolver, and threatened
 to blow away at any black who should
 interfere with him. Capt. Rynders,
 with a party of men, was present.
 After much trouble on the part of Mr.
 Howard, the proprietor of the House,
 he and the man with the pistol with
 drew, and the large and excited crowd
 who had congregated to witness the
 result quietly dispersed. Long, the
 fugitive, was in the Court Room at the
 time of the disturbance.—JV. F. 7V»-
 bvne.
Thieves Alarum.—An English pa
 per describes another device to scare
 away thievca, under the name ot an
 ‘anti-burglar,’ being nothing more nor
 less than a “cracker" of card-board,
 about the size of an envelope. To
 each end is attached a loop, by whiiqh
 it mSy be connected with the door end
 door-frame, or with the window, on
 small hooks, so that when either are
 opened, the cracker ia severed, end a
 loud report takes place. The burglar
 would either imagine himself fired at,
 or would be scared away by the first
 alarm, which would wake a vary aoun
 sleeper.
ICJ* If a slave comes into this State
 from Charleston, we are all bound ten
 der heavy penalties to aid in hia cap
 ture; but if a free colored seaman goes
 to Charleston, be is thrown into jail
 and deprived of his liberty, and aU
 men are expected to approve of thf
 outrage. PracHctU Chrittian,
