P octra.
THE’ FUGITIVE_SLAVE UW.
 SV OKOttCl V. CBESVER.
 Tbe ioi))iou* mandate he* gone forth.
 Chilled in the iron mould of law,
 Wbieh round the Conacience of tbe North
 Sbotild prove a wiap of burning straw.
 Right to a nma! Who gave that right!
 When was a min to man thus giveat
 •bow us the title writ in light—
 iV unanswerable decree of Heaven.
 Te, who defend this law of wrong,
 Go back te years and realms of night—
 To it yourselves and creed belong.
 Not to this day and law of light;—
 Ye caonot think that we, who live
 Some nineteen Christian centuries gone,
 To such a law our heed shall give,
 Accept for bread such gift of stone!
 Not in the Savior's perfect life,
 Or golden rule, our hearts can findj
 A law with tyranny so rife,
 On# chain for eoul, or hand, or mind;
 Instead, the Lord annointed cam#
 To preach deliverance to the bound,
 And melt all fetters in the dame
 Of his own love, intense, profound.
 He brought the perfect law of love;
 By it ho eougbt to make us free;
 The rule obeyed in heaven above.
 With its transcendant liberty!
 That law is lovo of man and Gad,
 A brother's care for every soul,!
 'Tie deep, and as creation broad,
 Encircling with its heaven the whole.
 Aed we shall heed it—come what may—
 To God alone our wills art bowed
 Before his everUsting sway
 Your power is as the fleeting cloud.
 From out that cloud may pour the storm
 Of blinding selfishness and rage.
 But tbe great Sun in heaven shall warm
 Its aartb-spenuwrath to bless our age.
miscellaneous.
tor the North Star.
 A COLLOQUY BETWEEN TWO
 FRIENDS.
 As a Christian, What do you think
 is our duty respecting this monstrous
 evil, slavery?
 Why, to persuade all free colored
 people to emigrate to Liberia—culti
 vate its soil—produce cotton, sugar
 and coffee for the market of the world:
 by this method American slavery would
 die out.
 You surely don’t believe this?
 Yes, that is my settled conviction.
 You astonish me. Suppose, for ar
 gument sake, it were possible to raise
 sufficient cotton, sugar and coffee in
 Liberia, how would, how could, free
 labor compete with slave labor? It is
 well known in New Orleans that many
 slaves are hired out at two dollars
 a day. Their inhuman owners give
 the slave one dime, and pocket the dif
 ference. The poor unhappy beings
 get a five cent loaf and five cents’
 worth of meat, and sleep where they
 can. On the plantations, the same
 system of grinding oppression exists.
 The coarsest of fare and unrequited
 toil is his unhappy lot. How is it pos
 sible for free labor to compete with this
 scheme of unrighteous oppression?
 Well, I don’t think you benefit the
 slave by keeping up agitation. His
 condition is far worse now than years
 ago. He is held in bondage with a
 firmer grasp; his labor was never more
 valuable than at ihis moment; the full
 energies of the slaveholder are em
 ployed to perpetuate this peculiar in*
 stitution.
 My conclusions differ entirely from
 yours. It is quite true his labor was
 never more valuable; hence his mas
 ter’s anxiety to keep him in bondage.
 By this craft he has hie wealth; no
 matter how vile and unjust the cause,
 so that wealth comes into his posses
 sion It is quite true the slaveholders
 are using their utmost endeavors to
 perpetuate this system of wrong,which
 is a foul blot on our glorious Republic.
 It is not true that his condition is worse
 than in former years. The slave
 holder has too much sagacity to treat
 him as cruelly as formerly. Such acts
 he knows would be chronicled through
 the length and breadth of the land.—
 Sad and forlorn indeed is the condition
 of tbe unhappy slave, yet not worse
 than in former As to keeping
 up agitation, that is® he only way, in
 my humble judgment, to abolish slavery
 in the United States. By agitation,
 men are led to inquire into the truth.—
 Many who thought nothing of it before,
 give attention and come to right con
 clusions. When this is universally
 done, such men, and only such, will
 fill our halls of Congress, and say of
 slavery, in decisive, uumistak&amp;ble lan
 guage, So far shalt thou go, but no
 farther; here shall thy proud waves be
 stayed.” Besides, what good was ever
 accomplished without opposition? Read
 the history of the world in the Bible—
 read the ac:ounts of modern times:
 all tend to show that any good achieved
 for man must meet determined opposi
 tion. Truth has nothing to fear; though
 tbe tur:.ace be made seven times hotter,
 it will corne forth with resplendent
 glory. Error hates the light, aed will
 not come to the light lest its deeds
 should be reproved.
 Well, I don’t see any good results
 from the agitation of slavery for the
 last twenty years; and as to the few
 who escape from bondage, and others
 emancipated, the system still retains a
 firm footing for all that.
 My friend, you are mistaken. Some
 years ago there was scarcely a press;
 throughout the land which advocated
 the cause of the slave and the rights
 •f the colored people. Now, thank
 God, there are hundreds; their number
 still increasing. When onoe the full
 power of the pulpit, platform and press
 is employed in behalf of the oppressed
 children of Ham, the day of their re
 demption is at hand. There were dark
 days for Israel in Egypt, but the com
 tnaud of Jehovah had gone forth, Let
 my people go!” I will not let Israel
 go from serving me,” was the reply of
 the haughty tyrant. Will our task
 masters in the South take warning, or
 parish in fighting against God?
 But what good can you or I do in
 this cause i would rejoice with you
 in the abolition of slavery throughout
 the country and this world.
 Much, my brother. All our influ- 1
 •nee, be it little or much, should be
 thrown into the scale of right. All our
 Margies must ba employed to enlighten
our fellow men. “Am Imy brother’s
 keeper?” was the inquiry of the first
 murderer. Let us not imitate him.—
 We are verily guilty concerning our
 brother. Let us redress the wrongs
 1 and grievance* he has suffered, and
 endeavor to elevate, enlighten and
 christianize him. Love thy neighbor
 as thyself,” is the command of him who
 we call Master and Lord. Who is our
 neighbor? Is it only him with a fair
 skin? or does the command embrace
 all mankind? Let us show our love to
 Jesus by kindly treating the despised
 negro. It does not become us to be
 dumb and inactive while the curse of
 slavery remains in our borders. The
 tongue, pen and press must all be con
 secrated to the cause of justice.
 I begin to see with you that the time
 has come for every Christian to stand
 manfully for the oppressed bondman.—
 Things do appear hastening to a crisis.
 The abominable fugitive slave bill has
 aroused many who were indifferent to
 look seriously into the matter, and to
 question the extravagant claims of the
 slaveholder.
 Depend upon it, God will hold you
 and 1 responsible to the full extent of
 our influence. Let us not be partakers
 of other men’s sins. By the fear of
 God, the love of Christ, the love of our
 fellow-men, the love of truth, the ha
 tred of injustice—by the sufferings of
 those in bonds”—by the withering
 effects of slavery on the slaveholder’s
 posterity, and by its wretched influence
 on the free white non-slaveholders, we
 should labor and pray—pray and labor
 that this Upas tree may be plucked up,
 this thrice-acoursed institution may be
 destroyed. JABEZ.
ANTI-FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW MASS
 CONVENTION.
First Dat— afternoon session.
 Convention assembled and was called
 to order by the President at two P. M.
 Gerrit Smith and Frederick Douglass
 made their first appearance in the Con
 vention.
 On motion of Rev. Mr. May, the fol
 lowing Committee was appointed by
 the Chair to make out a list of those
 present who wished to be considered
 as members of the Convention, so
 that it might be known who the mem
 bers were and whence they came, viz:
 L. P. Noble, of Ondondaga; A. S.
 Wing, of Oswego; Chas. Merrick, of
 Syracuse; and Mrs. Mary Springstead
 of Madison.
 During the taking of names, a Mr.
 Johnson, a colored man, entertained
 the Convention with several appropri
 ate songs.
 Wm. L. Chaplin being loudly called
 tor, took the stand. He wanted those
 who made abolition professions to act
 up to them. He thought that aboli
 tionists were apt to make professions,
 not intending to fulfil them. It is not
 so with the slaveholders. He proceeded
 to illustrate by a familiar instance. In
 the course of his remarks, he took oc
 casion to vindicate the mental capacity
 and moral tendency of the slaves, and
 related a number of anecdotes occurr
 ing during his recent imprisonment in
 Maryland, to support his positions.
 Frederick Douglass being called
 forward, said that it them ever was a
 time of solemity for those who
 well to the slave, that time was now.—
 The present is the time to test the
 friends of those confined in tbe bonds
 of slavery. He understood the Con
 vention as being called to consider the
 Fugitive Slave law, and the duty of the
 friends of the slave in this crisis. The
 fugitive law is the only law which has
 been passed in many years causing the
 Executive opeuly.to declare that it
 should be enforced, even were it neces
 sary to employ the sword and the bay
 onet. It is, however, a law, and a law
 about to be pressed into execution. A
 few months ago the people at the Norih
 did not believe that such a law could be
 passed by an American Congress. It
 is true, that Mr. Mason had a similar
 bill before the Senate, where it was ex
 pected it would pass. However, we
 did not think that it would get through
 the House. But it did not pass both
 Senate and House, and the North ever
 hopeful then fell back upon the relief
 that Millard Fillmore would never sign
 it, and then the North, still hopeful,be
 lieved that it would be a dead letter.
 After the first case had been disposed
 of, and one fugitive sent back to sla
 very, the North thoughtthatthat would
 of necessity be the last attempt to en
 force the law. There have been other
 eases since, yet the people at the North
 have indulged in the hope that each
 would be tbe last. This matter of
 slave-catching, said Mr. D., has just
 begun. The slaveholders have thus
 far been but encouraged by the enrage
 ment and subsequent cooling down of
 the revolt of the North against the law
 authorizing the recapture of fugitives.
 They see the ministers of the gospel,
 who ever before have upheld human
 rights, now preaching in favor oi sla
 very, and those presses which have
 ever been strongly abolition in expres
 sion, now banishing it from their col
 umns. They see the North easily
 brought to a tame submission to their
 exactions, inviting still further aggres
 sions. The more stringent their de
 mands the more satisfactorily they are
 answered. The question is, whether
 we are to submit to the utter destruc
 tion of oar ideas of the rights of man,
 and have those of slaveocracy insti
 tuted. The South are plainiybound to
 press this matter to the “bitter end,”
 and have the law, President, army and
 navy to aid them in doing it. He ask
 ed the Convention to point out the best
 course for the friends of the slave to
 pursue. Mr. D. said he was a peace
 man, but, he thought the Convention
 ought to say to the slaveholders that
 they would risk bodily danger, should
 they come to capture fugitives in this
 State! He thought this a religious du
 ty, and nothing short of the blood of the
 slaveholder, should appease the indig
 nation of the friends of humanity in this
 State in the case of an attempted re
 capture. He wanted the Convention
 to point out the proper course to the
 friends of freedom throughout our
 State. He bad great faith in moral
 suasion, but when the struggle comes
 on between the slave-catcher and the
 fugitive, and he sees no other way to
 rescue the latter, he would strike him
 down with as much composure and
 thoughtlessness as he would a blood
 hound. He held that slaveholders had
no right to exist, and if they came this
 way after fugitives they would probably
 be apprised of that fact. The slave
 holders are used to such talk. They
 keep the Northern people from “ag
 fression” upon the «'rights of the
 outh” by such talk, and now let us
 try its efficacy. We mutt, as did the
 Bostonians, make the Fugitive Law a
 dead letter, and the only effectual way
 of doing this, to his mind, wss by ma
 king two or three dead slaveholders!
 We are invited to the work of slaying
 slave-catchers. A few examples made
 of them will make all right. Mr. D.
 recommended the course pursued by
 the citizens o£ Boston towards Knight
 and Hughes, who pursued William
 and Ellen Crafts to that city, as worthy
 of imitation in all necessary cases.
 This fugitive Law cannot be repealed.
 Our only course is to make it unsafe
 for the slave-catchers or Government
 officers to come after fugitives. He
 gave the instances of recapture and at
 tempted recapture since the passage of
 the law. The slave-catchers have
 been intimdated from their work,and the
 only way to preserve the fugitives is to
 ‘intimidate them more. He held that a
 man who would not fight, and kill if
 necessary, for his liberty, was not wor
 thy of it.
 There was something in the heart of
 the community here at the North,
 which said, when a slave-catcher fell
 by the hand of a fugitive “served him
 right!” Mr. D. spoke, we think, over
 an hour, and delivered in the opinion of
 those who have otten heard him one of
 the best speeches he ever made. He
 was often interrupted by applause, and
 the fierceness or rather “blood and
 murder” which characterized his ad
 dress, seemed to give it high relish with
 the greater portion of the Convention.
 The Business Committee submitted
 two series of Resolutions, one appa
 rently emanating from the Boston Anti-
 Slavery class of Abolitionists, and
 the other from Gerrit Smith, the head
 and front of the Liberty Party. It was
 stated that the two sets were presented
 so that the Committee might select a
 series which should be considered as
 embodying its sentiments. Both sets of
 resolutions, of course, take high
 grounds against the Fugitive Bill, and
 also touch upon other points of the Sla
 very question. As soon as a series is
 settled upon by tbe Convention we shall
 give them.
 On motion the report of the Business
 Committee was accepted.
 When at half-pasi 4 o’clock the Con
 vention adjourned to meet at 6 o’clock.
"FREE PRODUCE CONVENTION.
 In accordance with previous notice
 a number of the friends of abstinence
 from the productions of Slavery, met
 in Convention at Salem, Union Co.,
 la., 11th mo. 19th, 1850.
 The meeting was organized by the
 appointment of Wm. Beard President,
 Joel Parker and Thomas Freeman Vice
 Presidents, and Walter Edgerton and
 Reuben Macy Secretaries.
 On motion, a committee of seven
 was appointed to prepare business for
 the action of this meeting. The fol
 low ing persons constituted said com
 mittee, viz: Walter Edgerton, Wm.
 H. Brisbane, Levi Coffin, Wm. Hough,
 Jonathan Swain, Sarah Franklin,
 Jemmima Maxwell and Tathan
 Thomas.
 After the reading of a chapter from
 the sacred volume, and a solemn pause,
 an excellent letter from Judge Jay to
 the colored citizens of New York, re
 lative to the bearing of the infamous
 Fugitive Slave Law upon the colored
 population was read, ar.d also a letter
 from H. H. Garnet, a black man, who
 is now advocating the cause of ab
 stinence from Slave-grown produce in
 England, to the editor of the “Non-
 Slaveholder,” setting forth the cheer
 ing progress of the cause in that
 country.
 On motion, Wm. H. Brisbane of
 Cincinnati, was called upon to address
 the meeting, who came forward and in
 terested the audience in an able and
 impressive manner till the close of the
 session.
 On motion, the Convention adjourn
 ed till 5 o’clock this evening.
 EVENING SESSION.
 The Convention met according to
 adjournment,—the President in the
 chair.
 The Committee on business through
 its chairman reported the following
 preamble and resolutions, which were
 separately taken up, discussed and
 unanimously adopted:
 Whereas, Slavery is an evil pro
 fessedly deprecated by the great mass
 of the Christian community, especially
 in the non-slaveholding portion of our
 country; Therefore,
 1. Resolved, That it becomes our
 imperative duty, if we would maintain
 any character for consistency, to avoid
 as much as practicable giving any
 countenance or support to that most
 wicked institution.
 2. Resolved, That that the African
 Slave Trade-—the wars, and incalcula
 ble loss of human life incident thereon
 —the horrors of the “middle passage”
 in the Slaver—the unutterable agony
 of tens of thousands of our fellow-men
 and women as they cross the briny
 deep, the victims of the man-thief's*
 cupidity, together with the scarcely less
 infamous but legalized traffic in the
 bodies and ssuls of men carried on in
 the midst of this liberty-loving Repub
 lic! the tearing asunder of husbands
 and wives, parents and children, and
 the application of the chain, the iron
 collar, the hand-cuff, the knotted-laah
 and branding-iron, to the quivering
 flesh of the unfortunate who have fallen
 among thieve, and all the rest of the
 pharaphernalia of human torture which
 the ingenuity of the most inhuman
 tyrant can invent, depend almost, if not
 exclusively upon the consumption of
 the produce of the labor of the slave;
 Therefore,
 3. Resolved. That tbe consumers of
 slave produce are the primary support
 ers of this most infamous scheme from
 first to last.
 4. Resolved, That with these views
 it is our duty to endeavor to put in
 train a set of measures by which we
 can be furnished with articles of con
 sumption in common use free from the
 blood of the slave, and that we appoint
 a committee who shall digest a plan of
 operations and present it to a future
 session of the convention.
The following persons were appoint
 ed a committee as contemplated in
 the above resolution, viz: Walter Ed-
 Serton, Levi Coffin, Nathan Thomas,
 oel Parker, and Dr. Brisbane.
 On mortion, adjourned till 10 o’clock
 to morrow morning.
 morning session.
 Eleventh mo. 20tb, pursuant to ad
 journment the Convention again met
 the president in the chair.
 The committee on businees reported
 tbe following resolution which was
 unanimously adopted.
 Resoled, That we recognize tbe
 Non-Slaveholder as an able and effi
 cient advocate of the abstinence cause,
 and would therefore recommend it to
 the friends of that cause, and solicit
 for it their hearty patronage.
 The Committee to digest snd pro
 pose a plan by which we may be
 furnished with articles of sonsumption
 in common use free from the blood of
 the slave, reported tbe following reso
 lutions.
 Resolved, That this Convention
 recommend the formation of a joint
 stock company raised upon shares of
 five dollars each to be under the con
 trol of twelve directors, and to be
 regularly chartered, for the establish
 ment ef a wholesale tree-produce store
 in Cincinnati, Ohfo\
 Resolved, That Dir. Brisbane, Thos.
 Freeman, Samuel Lewis, Levi Coffin,
 Thomas Frauklin and Richard Gaines,
 be a committee to make arrangements
 to carry the foregoing plan into execu
 tion, —to detail such regulations as
 may be necessary for the formation of
 said company upon the most efficient
 principles, and shall have power to fill
 all vacancies which may occur in their
 own body and are directed to prosecute
 the concern till the company is duly
 formed, and stock sufficiently taken to
 accomplish the above object.
 Resolved, That the Fugitive Slave
 Law is so wicked, barbarous and un
 just in i*B features and requirements,
 that no good honest citizens can without
 disgracing himself yield the slightest
 obedience to it.
 On motion adjourned till early can
 dle-lighting, this evening.
 EVENISG SESSION.
 At early candle-lighting the conven
 tion met.
 On motion, Resolved that the Secre
 tary be directed to forward the pro
 ceedings of this Convention to the
 True Democrat, the Aiti-Slavery Bugle
 and Ohio Standaid for publication.
 On motion, adjourned sine die.
 WM. BEARD, Pres’t.
 W. Edgerton, Sec'y.
Slave Case in Baltimore.— A Slave
 Case has just occurred which attracts
 much interest. Daniel Fossbeuner, an
 old man, and member ci the Methodist
 Church, has laid claim to a colored
 boy named William Moore, alias
 Keller, as his slave, whe has been for
 sixteen years exercising the rights of
 a free person. Fossboqner owned a
 woman named Elizabeth Moore, to
 whom he offered the renainder of the
 term of service (eight y«rs) for the
 sum of $lOO. The woman went off
 to earn the money, taking a son five
 years of age with her. This child is
 alleged to have died in inftney, and the
 boy now claimed as that son, is said to
 be a child whom the adopted after her
 son’s death. The boy arrested has a
 peculiar mark at his head which is
 alleged to be sinjlar to a mark on the
 boy the woman t»ok away with her,
 and on that ahpe he is claimed and
 identified. The toman did not pay the
 $lOO stipulated br her manumission,
 and Fossbeuner row claims the right
 of property in ths boy, as well as two
 fine girls, born &lt;f the woman subse
 quent to the time of her going off, but
 prior to the exjiration of the eight
 years remaining f her term of servi
 tude at that time.
 The evidence pints very conclusive
 ly to the boy as tig one claimed, and I
 apprehend there till be a judgment in
 favor of the at the final ex
 amination on Tuesday, who will, of
 course, sell him aid his sisters to a
 slave-dealer. VShat makes such a
 case peculiary had, is the fact of the
 poor woman havirg all the trouble and
 expense of raisindthese children, and
 now, because thty are worth some
 $l,BOO, to see thym torn away from
 friends and relatives, to be sold into
 hopeless bondage.* Tbe claimant knew
 their whereabouts before, but held
 them as persons, only to be made
 goods and chattels of when the market
 was good. Colored testimony is de
 barred them by our righteous laws,
 otherwise, it is confidently alleged, that
 their freedom could be conclusively
 shown. The mother, when her son
 was arrested, followed to the station
 house, and had five convulsions while
 there pleading for her child.— Cor. JV*.
 F. Tribune.
We learn from a gentleman
 from the Falls, that the little steamer,
 The Maid of the Mist,” disappeared
 from public observation yesterday.—
 was moored for the wipter at the
 wharf at Bellevue, and was deemed to
 be beyond the reach of any casualty.
 The snow, however, gathered in such
 masses on her decks, that she was
 weighed down deeply at one side. The
 water made its way over her decks,
 and filled her hull so completely that
 she sunk in twenty feet water. She is
 still held by her cables, but it is very
 doubtful whether she can be raised—
 the current being very rapid, and the
 channel shelving off abruptly to a great
 depth. She was owned by the Niagara
 Falls Association, and the loss is from
 five to seven thousand dollars—no in
 surance. The little steamer, so aptly
 named, has played a gallant pan, in
 showing up the Fails to thousands of
 visitors, during her brief but eventful
 life. She was tbe first steam vessel to
 tempt the storm and waye, in the very
 hell of waters” in Niagara river,
 and many of our readers have trod her
 quivering deck as her elfin hull rose
 and fell in the mad tide.
 Many had doubt* of her strength
 and safety, and deemed it a hazardous
 exploit to muke one of her brief voy
 ages. But we imagine her place will
 be soon supplied with a stauncher
 craft, and one more confided in by tbe
 public.—Jßsunwwf.
 ky Silence may be tbe aulltn mood
 of an evil temper, or the lefty endur
 ance of a martyr.
2Vi&gt;t&gt;ertiocmcnto.
AsylM far ike Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Am Mi
 Asylum, No 117 Exchange Street, opposite th.
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Inatitntioi
 is sow firmly established sad ia successful opera
 tkm. The proprietor analyses every disea* e:bat i
 admitted there, and applies the natural aad appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used ia every wa
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment 1'
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to b
 expressly understood thut it is not relied on as the salj
 or pnncipal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class o
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by al
 other systems »f practice, and are still unable t&lt;
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to thei
 beds, wearing out a life of misery aad suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution no
 aoly remove disaase hut give increase*
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many havi
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weigh
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and som&lt;
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or evei
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeki
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth anc
 tiie quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them'
 •elves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of tbii
 Institution is imrticularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in fiatients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 theii beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pai
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation al
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forma and stages. Piles, Ccstiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whiles, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Sah Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tneir effects ou those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being booefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 i if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let the proo-ie
 or know what wil- w satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by it* own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but lo let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor eutfering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems ot practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and cao have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does nut solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get we/I, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing lo be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course ot treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 or '.the proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER €I/KE.
 THE Subscriber beg* leave to call the attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 Hi* house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it ia believed offers excellent thcili
 die* for aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistiUed.’' The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlnl results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me Tas
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she!
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients ure desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor (*oo4s.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia;
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and while Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Jtc. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fiuh-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 86, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on band. ini—tf
Colored Sailors’ Hone,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS »f the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 ns good Board,and at as lowa price an in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to tbeir comfort-, WM. P. POWEILL.
 May 11 ,1849 4
 Palner’s Artificial Leg.
 rUS entirely new, lieautifiil, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being ia every respect supe
 rior to any lisib ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is miw manufactured in Surtngfidd, Mom.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Ccrrikr k House*.
 They warns* t mime salufactwn
 urimcii.
 Drs, Hamilton nod Srraoue, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gas so*, Batavia.
 Drn. Webster and Msore, Rochester.
 Dr, Pott**, wears one.)
 •hr. Hooch, Syracuse sepllV**
Habte4*s Eclectic Medical lastltite
 aid Water-Cmre B&amp;taMiskaeit.
 rllS Institution ha* been ia successfol omration
 during fourteen yean, far the cure of nil Chronic
 Di teases, and such at caaaot be removed (7 medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tienu have been restored to health and uaefiilnaee
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 coaid not find relief by any other coarse of medi
 cine, Hundreds who hud been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost ia despair,
 hare had renewed hope and courage when they hare
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cared by this
 treatment after everything else bad failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS*
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBB, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cute establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly ia magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (fallina
 of the womb,) Leocorrhea, [whites] suppressed ana
 excess ire menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the 4 turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to he
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chaits, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladi*-e have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such it our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 aiellcd treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases of whatever hind or nature, that we will offer the
 fuLlnun n r
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire, it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it ia
 lioped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 Hy disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu urexuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not speuu ineir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 ggThe modus operand! of curing Female difficulties u
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To produce thu almost instarUypeous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 ia entry instance a speedy cure u performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test out veracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 fficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free 01
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should he addressed to II alstkd
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles. a
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mu* in.’
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Fiaiuiel* 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 adding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Hr own Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of die Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cberry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 280 pages of close
 reading; 800 eminent authorities; and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 874 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those wlto purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, lufiuence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 Wui. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Aitl-Slarery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usein
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j jul—tf
“Every Mai bis ewi Pbysiciai.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account ol the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use tad dailyfpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Abo, accompanying this book, or separate, ia
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family nse.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cut Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 Desired information wanted for genera luae.”
 The two books are pot up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages,price 26 cents,or sold separate
 at 12| cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carelnHy given
 so tnat one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their couses,
 swans of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remark* as are leaned appropriate, for both
 mate and fimak
The book has boea written with greet cere, in
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be ua
 it with entire confidence, as being a WOtt snMMrioT
 Families in the country, aad especially those Ihr.
 mg m new countries and unhealthy elimites, should
 not rail to procure n copy end base it at all timee a
 head, in ease of sickness ns they tniyrht thereby bv
 some simple remedy save an expensira umlpr+tnJ.
 ted dorters bill. Whether well or sick, saebVb£*
 should be in every house as afe aad sere adviser
 is time of need, the directioa given for persons ia
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold ia so low that
 every family may hare a copy, aad bom skeraid be
 without it.
 The book is put up ia Paper biediag, aad can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage onh 64 can** to any
 mart of the United Staten.
 09* Any person sending us one dollar by rsai, ana
 postage on the letter, shall hare four
 copies sent him Aw of pottage.
 Bead in your ordures, there is no risk ia seeding
 money by mail, it cornea to os daily, ami the books
 always reach lair destination.
 09* Four families can dub together aad —a a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to soil
 this work, almost every family will purchase h if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from ffig
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 uoatpasd, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-et, Rochester, N. Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 ASTHE MOST
 Remarkable External. Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully prosed that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not iu equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of iu won
 derful effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of 1
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first attracted the attention 01
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it haß been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of forts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant.’* Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure mopt cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, anif-ng many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has heap completely successful and ia which oth
 er p-eirnded remedies have completely foiled:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fe'tions. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Braises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 U liters from focal causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of disease*
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Si Hast, Strains, Lameness,
 Ssod Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c, fit.
 Numerous are the unsolicited stateuentf of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil
 of cure* which in themselves appear so ren arkabfe
 that wore they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dev Sir: I have prescribed your Uargfng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, Mprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow ia
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at larga
 as a safe and |iowerful remedy where there is no
 (general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 reely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred borsee,
 ami have made use of 'Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 Iwo years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will ba
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin,L. B
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wadk
 Rochester.
 H A E Gaylord, Henderson A Panderson, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greenman A Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July 13 6m
British Periodical Literature.
 Tke London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 i The North British Renew, the Weetmineter Renew,
 and Blackwood'* Edinburgh Alu s atone.
 ’T'HE wide-spread fame of these splendid periods
 X cals renders it needless to say much in tlieir praise
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance o
 anything of (he sort now published, while the po Id
 eal complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 iundor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; tke
 Edinburgh Review Whig: and the Weetmaa
 •tor Hvrw* Radical. Tne North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited .by Dr. Chalmers, and now, vine*
 his death, brin| conducted by his son-in-law, D
 Hanna, MSqoiatad with Sir Davy Brewster, its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 sslminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publiseed iu England under the title of 11m For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union af the tvvu Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on hue white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, being an exact/ac-rreuisof the Edinburgh
 edition.
 FRICKS FOR 1849, (ir SUBSCRIBED FOR KARLY
 For any one of the four Reviews, ft 09 per «»■—r
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in alleases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works trill
 sent to one address on payment iff the regular sue
 senptien for three—the fourth copy being gratia.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with Use British psMishsrs e
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to ns early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 xirtion of it can be reprinted ia any iff the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured Is
 our subscribers we psy no large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Min.
 zum. Therefore we repeat “subscribe aerjj whu*
 the price is tow.
 Remittances and communication should lawaya
 19 Fsitos Street, New H
