The NORTH fTAB u published evury
 Tkureduy, mt No. 25, Buffalo Street*
 (OppomtitKt Arcadt.)
 TERMS.
 Two (UlWl per HUM, always in advance. No
 •sbacripttoa will be received for e lee* term titan
 «ix month*.
 Adverti—Mat* not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three time for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion. twewty-fire cents.
 The otfeet of the N out* Stab will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in ell its forms end aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the Standard
 of public morality, promote the moral end inteUec
 ual improvement ol the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to tbe Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 AII communications relating to tbe butttteet
 matcm of the paper, names of snbscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c. f should be addressed to Frederice
 Doiiolass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Agents, and ell others seeding names, are
 requested to be eccnrate, and tu give tbe Peat office,
 the Covary, and the Stale. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money reeeived.
 Aej person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communications must be post paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R.h Wallcut, 21, Corhitl,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabex Cogswell, Brookfield.
 NtW York.— Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Harned. Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. ZuiUe, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Marv
 "eraer, Albany, Elras Doty, Maeedon; Wif-
 g l,nt i J F PUtt
 UflPlftnA H d .-AmarancyPaine ,Prov uleoee
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. a Kim,
 Fifth Street, Philada; Win. Whipper, ro, b s
 Milo A. Townsend, New Brighton, B. E. Bown,
 8 0^.o—J. 3. Gaines, Cincinnati; Obarfe*
 Hand Hnrvevsburgh, Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 KWli"”' Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hush Hamilton. Lowellville, Mahoning Connty; J.
 S. D. Jenkins, Columbus.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit. Dr.
 B. Barnes, Owhsso, Shiawassc o°.
 Indiana.— Willia Fowlea, New Albany.
 Illinois. Ueniy O. Waggon, Chicago,
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M Henry o.
 lowa. Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada John Junes Carey, Toronto.
 WILLIAM CLOUGH, PRINTER.
Selections.
[From tbe Toronto Globe.]
 anti«slatgrv MEETING IN
 CANADA.
On Wednesday evening, a great and
 most enthusiastic anti-slavery demon
 stration was made in the City Hail.
 —His worship the Mayor occupied the
 chair. Rev. Dr. Willis opened the
 meeting with an appropriate prayer.
 The chairman then stated briefly the
 object of the meeting, and called upon
 Rev. Mr. McClure to move the firs
 resolution.
 Mr. McClure said, the resolution en
 trusted to him was to the effect
 “That slavery, that is, the wanton
 and forcible bringing into bondage,
 and retaining indefinitely in that state,
 of rational beings, is an outrage on
 the laws ot humanity, and of the Bible;
 and that the continued existence of the
 practice on this continent is just cause
 of grief, and demands our best exer
 tions by all lawful and practical means,
 for its extinction.”
 Slavery was denied in this resolu
 tion as the wanton and forcible bring
 ing of rational beings into bondage,
 and retaining them indefinitely in that
 state. Now, he had not to draw a
 picture ot what slavery is, in order to
 prove to the audience, what was meant
 by the term. It was defined in the
 words of the resolution; and it appeared
 to him that his present duty was simply
 to sustain the facts therein stated by a
 reference to what they all knew. They
 knew that there were in existence at
 present on this continent three millions
 of rational creatures—beings like
 themselves —men, women and children,
 designated by the law as chattels, and
 so entirely in their owners’ power, as
 to be bound or loosed, bought or sold,
 worked or fed, housed, lashed, driven,
 imprisoned, insulted, and dishonored,
 maimed, hunted down or shot down,
 just as their owners please. This is
 what is called in the resolution, wanton
 and forcible bringing into bondage. He
 needed not to stop to prove these state
 ments; the papers of the city and the
 cummunications they received from al
 most every city in the neighboring
 States, fully sustained the facts ho had
 so briefly referred to. No relationship
 or affection was respected in this state
 of slavery. Thero was no respect paid
 to the relationship of father or children,
 of husband and wife, or of menbers ol
 churches professing Christianity, for
 the husband was liable to be sold away
 from bis wife, and the wife to be torn
 away from her family and sold into
 bondage. It is the same with regard
 to children, and there is no deference
 paid to their affections or ties of rela
 tionship. This, therefore, was a good
 definition in his resolution in reference
 to that. The law of the Slave Slates
 is that the children follow the law of
 their mother—that is, the mother be
 ing a slave, the children, no matter
 who the father may be, are slaves in
 consequence of the mother being a
 slave. The result is that the fathers
 of the children are not unfrequently
 their masters, and thus their own
 children are their slaves, and they
 treat them with no greater lenity than
 they do those bought by them either
 from bondage or from other men. They
 are refused education only so far as
 their instruction may benefit their mas
 ters. They are taught various trades
 and branches of labor so far as that
 labor or these trades will promote the
 interest* of their mastor; but they are
 not educated as men and women ought
 to be educated. The owner of such
 property know well thbt instruction
 wilt make them all the more uneasy in
 their bonds, and particularly the in
 structions ot our holy religion. It is a
 well known fact that a freeman though
 betake away the life of a slave may
 have little difficulty in securing his re
 treat and obtaining impunity for his
 crime; yet if that freeman persist in
 teaching a slave knowledge—particu
 larly the knowledge of the Bible of
 God, there is no more mercy for that
 man, he is seized, fined, and imprison
 ed, and the roost relentless feelings are
 shown to such a man. It is too bad,
 and what no man has a right to do with
 his fellow-man* unlees he is convicted
 of crime or of breaking the just laws of
 hie country. It if too bad to chain and
 bind and flog and sell his bones and
 muscles; but it was far worse to keop
 the key of knowledge out of bis hand*
 and to shut out from him the knowledge
 pC that eternal life in the Word of God
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOC6LASS, Mlt*r ul Propriftor.
VOL. IV. NO. 13.
which is fso capable of ministering
 comfort to the wretched. Need he stay
 to prove the utter repugnance of all
 this to our common human nature. It
 would be waste of time. The rudest
 and most thoughtless mind would at
 once see the injustice and the wanton
 cruelty of such a state of things. A
 seaman in a British vessel who was in
 the Southern States, on taking a ram
 ble after his work with some of
 and women put up for sale, as he had
 been in the habit af seeing old furni
 ture in his own country put up, he and
 his companions stood thunder struck
 for a time, at last he said—“ Well
 Jim if the devil don’t get these fellows,
 I don’t know what use there is for a
 devil.” Not only is such conduct re-
 pugnant to our humanity, but to the
 whole teaching of the spirit of the
 Bible, and it is in this view an impossi
 bility for a man to carry out in his own
 heart, or practice, the teachings of that
 holy Bible and bean abettor of slavery, i
 “Thou shall love thy neighbor as thy- i
 self’ tells us the grand object for which
 we circulate the Scriptures and for i
 which we bear Christ’s banner to the i
 remotest corners of the earth. Now i
 slavery is entirely opposed to this prin- i
 ciple, and it is utterly impossible under I
 such a system to preach from that text i
 —“Thou shalt love thy neighbor as
 thyself.” The very phraseology of I
 the Bible is against it. The Savior i
 says, “A new commandment I give i
 unto you —be kindly affectioned one
 toward another, in honor preferring i
 one another.” But it is opposed also i
 to the very letter of the Bible. It is I
 directly opposed to that summary of the i
 moral law which the Lord Jesus Christ i
 lays down for the guidance of the church i
 in all ages of the world. In Matt, i
 7 and 12, he says, “All things whatso- i
 ever ye would that men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them,” this is a
 brief law and easily recollected, it is
 clear and easily understood; and it is
 a law so substantially general that it
 is impossible to misapply it. It is re
 trospective as well as prospective —for,
 says the Redeemer,“On these hang all
 the law andlhe prophets.” The exist
 ence of such a law as this described in
 the resolution is a grief to the Christian
 Church, and so long as his memory
 reached back, the subject of slavery
 has been a cause of grief to good men
 and good women wherever he had
 travelled. It is an old principle—old
 as the book of God—old as the laws
 of the Almighty. It is not only a cause
 of grief to those who live under insti
 tutions so favorable to freedom as are
 those of Britain, and in a land where
 no man can be a slave to his fellow
 men—where every man the moment he
 plants his foot upon British soil can no
 longer be a bondman; but if he obeys
 the law of the land and follows a
 course of honest industry he has all
 the advantages of citizenship, and
 since he recollected, that had been
 the boast and glory of his native land.
 In some parts of the British posses
 sions, it is no doubt but as
 that the stain was washed away; yet
 he rejoiced that it was washed away.
 It took years for the full enunciation of
 these principles, and wasted the lives
 of many good men to accomplish this;
 but their lives were not thrown away.
 And the day was coming when every
 bond of every bondman shall be taken
 away, and when the liberty indicated
 in the Word of God shall become as
 universal as the family of man. The
 Rev. gentleman here read an extract
 from an \merican paper showing
 the evils of slavery, and sat down
 amidst great applause.
 Professor Esson, in seconding the
 resolution, regretted that having had
 no previous intimation of the motion
 which he was now called to support,
 he was not prepared to do that justice
 to the cause, which he would ardently
 desire. What was it that constituted
 the guilt of murder?
 “Tbe poor beetle that we tread on,
 In coiporal Huffering feels a pang as great
 As when a giant dies.”
 That life which is like a bubble
 blown upon tbe bosom of the water
 this moment, to burst the next —why
 should it be thought a deed so dark, a
 crime so inexpiable to take it away
 Hear the language of inspiration—
 Whoso sheddeth man’s blood, by
 man shall his blood be shed”—for in
 the image of God he made man. This
 it is which constitutes the infinite dis
 tance between him that killeth an ox
 and him that slayeth a man. If it be
 a crime to lake away this poor dying
 lile of ours, the breath of man, which
 is in his nostrils, what shall we say of
 slavery, which is soul-murder? What
 shall we say of the man who tramples
 in the dust the image of the God of
 heaven, and who takes away the in
 alienable rights of the being God cre
 ated for his own glory, to show forth
 his praise, and who, therefore, is re
 sponsible alone to the God whose
 image he bears for his actions and his
 conduct. Here, then, lies the infinite
 guilt of taking the being made in the
 image of God, and treating him as a
 brute creature—rating him amongst
 goods and chattels, as a part of human
 property —taking from him every possi
 bility of fulfilling his responsibility to
 the God who created him to be his
 □Minister —who created that soul to be
 made happy now in tbe enjoyments of
 the communion of God, and happy for
 ever in the full enjoyment of God.
 F|ere is the double crime of inhumani
 ty and impiety. Hare is the highest
 cfime that can be perpetrated—treason
 shatnet both God and man—a crime
 ijucb enlist* heaven and earth against
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US AP4-AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
the perpetrators of it. It may be said,
 wbat right have you to meddle with the
 affairs of other men—of other com
 munities. If to intermeddle with the
 affair of our neighbors in the same
 community be impertinent,' to interfere
 with the affairs of another independent
 country is inconsistent with the rights
 and the laws of nations. But there
 are things which cannot be made ex-
 BiHSi.Vfi.Jjrpnefitv v*m.. sllowivl
 jniversal, indefeasible rights of man
 all over the the globe, are the common
 conern, and must be the common cause
 af all men—of all nations. The pre
 rogative and rights of humanity admit
 not of circumscription by time or place.
 The divine character of free agency is
 jiven to every brother of the race, and
 we have no more right to despoil him of
 t than we have to absolve him from
 he responsibility of every tree and
 noral agent to the most high God. No
 nan, no nation has a right to say that
 his universal right of humanity is not
 heir own cause. This all men are not
 )*ly permitted, but are bound to con
 iider as their own cause —as what most
 ntimately and essentially affects every
 individual and every nation. What!
 ihall a man see a brother or sister of
 be human race trampled upon, and
 nust he look on with cold unconcern?
 Vfust he say, as was said to Judas by
 be murderers of the Savior—“ What
 s that to us?” Must he say—This is
 iq concern of mine, “am I my broth
 m’s keeper?” No—This is the com
 non interest, the common duty, the
 imperative duty of all who bear the
 luman name —of all who love the cause
 humanity—of all who love that God
 0( whom the most unspeakable outrage
 Sjdone [in reducing the being made
 inter his own image, to the condition of
 he brute, and depriving the soul of all
 t* high prerogatives as the offspring of
 Sim whose inspiration gave it. Could
 t pagan auditory, a heathen assembly
 ,n a Roman theratre, upon the utter
 ance of the lines of one of their poets,
 "l am a man, and nothing that affects
 humanity can be indifferent to me”-r
 could even the Romans, accustomed as
 they were to the ferocious sports of
 their amphitheatres, rise at once and
 express their sympathy with the lan
 guage of their dramatist, —and shall
 Christian men not feel as a heathen or
 pagan community, and that they have
 a right to speak and to be heard in a
 cause which annihilates all conven
 tional distinction? They had a right
 to use all the means which God and
 nature have put into their power to re
 move an evil which is a plague spot
 upon the face of God’s earth. Let
 him not be misunderstood, as if with
 these views he would use the language
 of reproach in treating of the existence
 of slavery in the neighboring States,
 for he felt that the guilt lies not wholly
 upon those whose condition they la
 mented, as having that inheritance
 transmitted to them from their fathers.
 They ought to feel that their own coun
 try has been greatly guilty, and that
 this is the common guilt of the civilized
 and Christian world; and he would say
 further that the manner in which they
 should now make atonement, is for all
 Christian men, for allcizilized and en
 lightened men, to join their hearts
 and hands in a peaceful crusade, and
 to be ready to give freely of their
 money in order to indemnity the slave
 holders, and in order in one united
 confederacy, to form a glorious and
 holy enterprise, not merely to emanci
 pate the slaves, for that would be the
 least part of the work, but to educate,
 enlighten, civilize, and christianize
 them —and not only these our brethren
 of Africa, but all those nations that
 may be regarded as in a state of bar
 barism or semi-barbarism. (Applause.)
 No country has a greater or more im
 perative duty laid upon her than
 Britain. Britain has assigned to her
 the high position.of advancing civiliza
 tion, and advancing the interests of all
 the family of man. Their great effort
 should be to combine, as Christian
 men, and as communities, to form an
 enlarged and divine mission for the
 purpose of saving from degradation
 their brethren, who are, compared
 with themselves, like mere children;
 and they are called upon, like elder
 brothers, to take them under protec
 tion, and to impart to them that knowl
 edge which will elevate them to the
 standard of human beings. Here was
 a great work, surely, very different
 from that undertaken by the crusaders
 in the dark ages which only deluged
 the earth with blood. His motion did
 not at all say that thej were to revile
 their brethren of the United States, to
 whom the curse of slavery bad been
 transmitted as an inheritance, nor did
 it call upon them to condemn the evil
 and ait still as if there was no call upon
 them to do anything. It is the duty of
 Britain, as well aa the United States,
 to see that thia common guilt ia ex
 piated; and a call is made upon all
 Christiana to combine in the spirit of
 love and brotherly kindneaa, to en
 deavor to redeem their brethren in the
 United States, as well the slaveholders
 as the slaves themselves, who are un
 happily oppressed by this incubus.
 They are called upon to see whether
 the combined wisdom and intelligence
 of Christiana, and of civilized men,
 enlisted in the cause of religion and
 humanity, cannot teach the world that
 it ia possible for once to unite in a truly
 Christian enterprise worthy of the di
 vine and beneficent religion they pro
 fess. (Great applause.) The Chair
 man having put the resolution, U wns
 carried
 Dr, WiUtfMtd, the reeolutioa so
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 1851.,
trusted to him was in the following
 words:
 •‘That, entertaining the feelings of
 brethren and friends to the inhabitants
 of the neighboring States, (in the most
 part united to us by a common origin
 and common If nguage,) and disclaim
 ing all desire to intermeddle officiously,
 with their internal affairs, we fee* we
 but take the privilege of our common
 -riwr
 however severe, either political or do*'
 mestic, civil, (military, or naval; hut m i
 the forced servitude in perpetuity 61 i
 the helplesa poor, unaccused, untried i
 and uncondemned; imposed on them
 by a power which they cannot resist,
 supported by laws in which they have
 no voice. The laws are grievously
 aggravated by the Fugitive Slave Bill,
 are at open variance with the best in
 terests of man, as endowed by our
 Great Creator with the privilege “of
 life, liberty and the pursuit of happi
 ness”—privileges and rights always
 inalienable, except when forfeited by
 crime charged and proved,”
 He could not do better than begin
 where his worthy friend left off, and re
 iterate the sentiments he so well urged
 towards the conclusion of his address,
 that to consult together and to act to
 gether in this cause, even on a soil that
 is itself happily* 1 free from the evil ol
 which they complained, is no undue
 interference with any right of neighbor
 hood. It was well said, that no man
 should put away from him the cause of
 his fellow-creatures; and no one should
 feel himself free from the duty of en
 deavoring to vindicate the aggrieved.
 That is the duty of humanity—it is en
 forced upon them by the doctrines of
 Christianity. They had an answer to
 give in these words of the sacred scrip
 tures Remember them who are in
 bonds, as being bound with them, and
 them that suffer adversity as being
 ourselves also in the body.” And he
 did remember, also, among the other
 sayings of Solomon, due therefore to
 his inspired wisdom —he remembered
 among his many aphorisms —with re
 gard to those who are delivered to
 death—“lf thou gayest, Behold, we
 knew it not; doth not he that pondereth
 the heart consider it? and shall not he
 render to every man according to his
 works.” So that they were not only
 enjoined to vindicate the rights of the
 oppressed, but admonished also of the
 dangei v* being negligent it} doing;
 their part in this great work, /he
 time has been when the word strange*
 and the word enemy were almost iden
 tical. It ia happily not so now. The
 nations, in spite of themselves, are ac
 knowledging that they must work to
 gether—that their interests are mutual;
 hence commercial interchanges, and
 commercial treaties, and political in
 ternational communings. (Cheers.)
 But in addition to that sort ol commun
 ion between nations, and in addition
 to that which refers to self-preservation,
 there is a third sort of communion that
 they availed themselves of at this time,
 and ought to recognise in the spirit of
 friendship between country and coun
 try —the commenion of moral sympa
 thy. In seeking to do a neighbor’s
 part, they would hasten to save others
 as the) would save themselves from
 the guilt of great crime, and the danger
 of that crime being sanctioned ami
 prompted by law, whether on this side
 or on the other side of the lines. It is
 but the business of philanthropy—it is
 but a manifestation of love to your fel
 low-creatures, thus to hasten forward,
 for the sake of the Americans, as well
 as for yourselves, the cause of civilisa
 tion and religion, and rational liberty
 and humanity.—(Applause.) Slavery
 involves a sort of relationship between
 the master or ownur, as he is termed,
 or the servant and slave as he is celled
 —which our British jurists and our
 French jurists hold to be, and he con
 curred with them, —a relationship
 which never can be legalized. If they
 look to laws having their basis on rea
 son and justice and humanity, it is im
 possible to institute relationship be
 tween an owner and a slave; and our
 F.rekines, and Stairs, and Montesquieus
 say, it cannot be legalized. He loved
 the principles of political equity laid
 down by Montesquieu. It has some
 times been said that slavery may be
 founded upon the right of conquest, and
 Montesquieu allows —and Puffendorf
 does not deny this. They do not deny
 that there may be enforced service. It
 is generally admitted, that in certain
 caaes, even life may be taken away;
 and just as life may be taken away, he
 did not dispute that liberty may be ta
 ken away; this may be necessary un
 der certain circumstances, with a view
 to the safety and liberty of the commu
 nity at large. They all know that they
 •but up the insane out of mercy to
 themselves, and out of regard to the
 safety of the community too. Even so,
 did they lay under restraint the depre
 dator, that property may be safe. All
 that may be true, and he would not say
 that in certain cases slavery may not
 be imposed by right of conquest to a
 certain extent. But this he would say,
 that every law, natural aad sacred-*'
 the opinion of every enlightened Jurist
 in every part of the world want to this
 —that neithor by the right of cooquest,
 nor any power of human beings, may
 men deaf capriciously with their teftow
 men, without cause shown, and crime
 charged—(applause)—as the resolu
 tion expresses, may not, indefinitely
 dispose of human life and human lib
 erty. Slavery has been contended for
 by those who have traced its history,
 and imputed it to the right of conquer*.
 that ia»W»tgfc m
TEMS—S2 Pot Ann, lirariably Ii My met.
®aj *#ve gotten into their power those,
 fer ligand death, who were found in
 tW atitude of seeking their destruc
 tifii. jut it is but a mitigated use of
 if they impose bondage
 iipte«l*of death. But, however, ii
 #7 Id said that in barbarous times
 tv victorious party exercised their
 rfthtof^husdealing with the captives,
 he to be told that in this enlight
 e|d jmnH even the conqueror has a
 party r CerrWmV
 dictates, and Christianity dictates that
 no wanton liberty, be taken either with
 the life or freedom of human beings,
 over and above what can be asserted
 as necessary for the safety of those to
 whom Providence may have given the
 victory ahd the ascendency. Mon
 tesquieu lays it down as a principle,
 that if it can be proved that a man has
 a right tq sell himself into bondage
 still he hap no right to sell his children,
 and no into has a right to sell himself
 indefinitely. For what is slavery?
 Many people lose sight of this ques
 tion. They forget to trace the matter
 to its lource, and they faring forward
 some ascidental circumstance to com
 pare it, with. They compare it with
 the relationship between master and
 servanf under circumstances very un
 favorable, where it is easy to make a
 good argument; and they say that the
 grievatces under liberty are as great as
 those isnder the avowed designation of
 slavery Now this resolution expresses
 that slavery in the United States is
 not to be compared with any kind of
 oppresUon, however grievous, which
 may be found in ordinary society in any
 departnent of life whatever. It is easy
 to say tjiat there is a good deal of sla
 very in lorae of the cities of Britain,
 such as long hours and hard labor; but
 no man is a slave, and no woman is a
 slave in any sense to be compared to
 thf slavery be was talking of. British
 justice renders the law open to every
 mtn —to the servant as well as the mas
 tef. What he complained of was hope
 less servitude. In these cases there
 was much hard labor, and even oppres
 sion; there is this peculiarity that, they
 are in a state essentially different from
 slavery, because in the eye of the law
 they are equal with the highest in the
 land, and are not prevented from giv
 ing evidence upon any given case.
 The slave, on the other hand, is ad
 judged to indefinite, unrequited labor,
 without contract, and governed by the
 lafc of force alone. Thereforejt is
 that our jurists have ea.d, that thw Jaw
 cannot be enforced; that a relationship
 existing by mere force alone, can im
 ply no obligations on the part of the
 slave. Let them tell the world as far
 as their feeble voices can sound, let the
 press of our city carry the message,
 thtt we regret for the sake of the States
 ol America-—that we are ashamed for
 the sake of our brethren of the same
 language, and ol kindred origin—that
 they should have enacted a law which
 involves such an outrageous violation
 ofthe primary and fundamental rights
 of human beings, as the fugitive slave
 law (Applause.) The relationship of
 min and servant as owner and slave,
 sxists by no contract, and there is no
 [foligation binding on a man to remain
 moment longer in bondage than he
 can possibly help: for there can be
 no violation or breach of contract
 where no contract exists. (Great ap
 plause.) The man who seeks his way
 to the soil of freedom, ought to be con
 gratulated and hailed by all the inhab
 itants of the civilized world. (Cheers.)
 He had regretted most of all to hear
 scripture abused and applied for the
 perpetuation of slavery. Though they
 had nothing more than the golden rule,
 it is enough to discountenance it. But,
 then, had they not the plain rule that,
 roasters are to give to their servants
 that which is just and equal”? The
 scriptures are on the side of order, and
 ha believed that to the end of time the
 relationship between master and ser
 vant would be essential. A servant is
 respectable in his or her place by con
 tract; but no man has aright to ask of
 another indefinite and unrequited ser
 vice. And especially, no man has a
 right by the law of scripture, or the
 law of nature, to deprive another of the
 rights of conscience and reason,and re
 duce a human being to a mere chattel.
 No man has a right to relieve a hu
 man being of his direct responsibility to
 God. If it be said of the murderer
 that he takes away what he cannot re
 call, may it not be said of the man who
 stands between the Scriptures of the
 mighty God, and the creatures for
 whose benefit these were given, that
 he takes upon him what he cannot an
 swer for at the judgment day. He caa
 not bear the burden of his fellow-crea
 ture, and yet he depraves him to the
 level of the beast, and stands between
 him and his hopes of eternity. The
 worst slate of incidental oppression in
 all the wide range of civilized society
 where human rights hire recognised, is
 not so low as that where the creature
 ie withheld from preparing to meet his
 God—of preparing to receive at his
 hands the reward of everlasting life.
 All the evil# that can ba inflicted of a
 temporal kind, cannot be compared to
 the evils of slavery. Besides expung
 ing a man’s chance of coinfort nod
 rational enjoyment in this life; it does
 what it can to expunge hope for an
 other world. Now, for any man to say
 that ChriatianitT eo»n enan«. fh..i a.
 to forget the whole purpose of the Bi
 ble Tie was quits awars, m reading
 the Old Testament there would be
 found jwwsegaa, permitting bondage un
 der certain restrictions, in regard to
 th» Heathen. But no man would say
WHOLE NO. 169.
that, because that special right was
 granted to the Jews, that other nations
 have that liberty. Neither the pos
 sessor of power in the British Empire,
 nor even those ton the continent of
 America, will say, that they have a
 right to extirpate their neighbors with
 out provocation. As to the bondage in
 he Old Testament, there was a special
 &lt;erelation from the Aimi to the I
 lews, just as he might employ the pes
 iknr* OfJteJWQrd to deal with those
 shall be put to death.” And it wtnni
 appear that when the Jewe took slaves
 from other countries they bought only
 their services. By such an argument
 it would be seen that the Jewish bond
 age was of a different stamp from the
 bondage he was talking of; and further,
 the Jews were not permitted to make
 bondmen of one another. No Chris
 tian nation, therefore, could involve in
 indefinite bondage their fcllow-crea
 tures, and especially those who profess
 the faith and hope of Christ. In Ju
 dea the servants were admitted by
 God’s order to all the privileges rtf re
 ligions instruction, to the privilege* ol
 their sacred feasts, and their d*jys
 and periods of sacred leisure.—
 How different this to the slave of the
 present day, who may be at the altar of
 Odd the one day, and torn away by
 his covetous master to the slave market
 on the following one. If thus the ar
 gument from the Old Testament shows
 that an Israelite was not permitted to
 hold a brother Jew in bondage, much
 less is it permitted to drag into bond
 age, or buy and sell men and women,
 having one faith, one hope, one God,
 one Savior, one law. Being a theolo
 gian he wished to dwell more upon that
 department of the subject. He would
 speak of the New Testament. He
 found Paul enjoining upon servants to
 obey their masters, as he found in many
 passages, in view of the greatness of
 the eternal hope, everything that con
 stituted a difference between one man
 and another treated as a small matter,
 comparulively. Christ tells his disci
 ples to cherish a patient and meek
 spirit, and bear as far as they could
 what was thuir inevitable lot. But no
 man who reads the Scriptures, can
 plead that they give* a right to bring
 another into bondage, however it may
 be the poor slave’s duty to submit in
 quiet to his lot. He is bound to be
 faithful. But the Apoatl* Paul says,
 that if he can be made free, he is to
 use tan* liberty rather. He would
 maintain that thiefcanctioned the slave
 taking his liberty, though be would not
 advise it imprudently—but would tell
 him to wait till a good opportunity.
 He had no hesitation in saying that it
 is a fair inference from that pasaage,
 that if a slave can, and if the whole
 number can, either by confederation
 and united effort or otherwise, secure
 their liberty, they have a right to take
 it. (Applause.) It is their natura
 right, and no man may question thal
 right. Or if a man shall question that
 right, and shall say they have no right
 to take their liberty, he ask him
 upon what footing he defended the ob
 ligation for that man to remain in ser
 vitude. It can only be on the ground
 of possession. The man might say he
 owned the slave, but could he show
 the right of transfer—where did he get
 him? Where did he get a right and
 title to him? [Applause.] Not event
 the slaveholders, who cling most tena
 ciously to their ill-gotten wealth, will
 say that they hold them by the right ol
 conquest, or as men charged with
 crime, who are required to be brought
 under restraint. But they have then
 and they hold them. Opoo this prin
 ciple he would say that if a slave b«
 bound simply because he is an inferioi
 —because he has been subjugated to t
 man claiming dominion over him; he it
 entitled to take the first opportunity
 that presents itself to throw off hii
 chains; and if by dint of superior forct
 he can make his pretended owner sab
 ject to him, he has the same right U
 make the master his slave as the mas
 ter had for keeping him in bondage
 No man has a right to sell himself ioti
 indefinite servitude, and no man maj
 inflict personal bondage upon his fel
 low-man, but so far as right goes, th&lt;
 slave bas the same right to subjugati
 his master whenever he has power ti
 do so. Neither has the right: but hi
 defied all the slaveholders in the work
 to answer this argument. If by tb&lt;
 mere fact of being under another's do
 mjnion, a party must be understood a
 bound by the Scripture Law to obey
 and to obey indefinitely, then the mas
 ter who to-morrow should be brough
 into subjection by the slave, would b&lt;
 brought into subjection by his slave
 wsuld be bound by these precepts t&lt;
 own his master in turn, and rende:
 uiiiet and contented obedience. Thi
 Reverend gentleman having again real
 the resolution, sat down amidst grea
 applause.
 Mr. P. Brown said that an importani
 part of the resolution, wbieh bo rose M
 second hod already boon moch alluded
 to by previous epeakere, vie: tio inter
 meddling »Ub our neigbbon the
 United Sletee. He wee afraid thel
 however courteous the language of out
 resolution* might be, our sensitive
 friends ton the other side would still be
 offended. One argument for our in
 terference had not been alluded to. 11
 it was wrong to remonstrate with our
 neighbor# on (bis great question, it
 mast be wfcrtg to propagate the Goa*
 pel in Heathen eud Mohomedan coun
 bribe, for geooioo Cbrietianity broke
 6K3iSBISa=S
Societies mutt close their proceedings,
 *OO they had no right to expect that
 Heathen and Mehomedaa raters would
 «how moQp forbearance to them, tli&amp;u
 they were disposed to do to those who
 held the fame precious faith with
 themselves. [Cheers.] But Ameri
 cans were not remarkable for their
 scrupulosity in interfering with their
 neighbors. It is not long since sym
 pathisers from the other side were
 found on the Canadian soil. It was but
 yesterday since an outbreak in one of
 the British Kingdoms war fondly
 hailed at New York aa the beginning
 of a rebellion, that might have torn to
 piece* the British Empire—money was
 subscribed and emissaries sent to sup
 port that movement. More recently
 still, when we had a family quarrel in
 Canada, the traces of which are al
 ready fast disappearing, the sympathi
 sers were again at band, and they flat
 tered themselves, that because one
 house had been pulled down or de
 stroyed, we were ready to pull down
 the whole, and walk into the Union.
 We meant no such interference as that
 with their concerns, but as neighbors,
 and having the same origin and pro
 fessing the same faith, we had an un
 doubted right to appeal to them in be
 half of theioppressed of their land. It
 was customary in the States to defend
 slavery on the ground that it was a
 British Institution, Nothing could be
 hftM».h**AieBa than such a defence,
 been a most powerful argument*
 abolition." It would have been sounded
 in every corner of the land—“ away
 with slavery—shall we leave this last
 trace of British oppression to diagyaee
 our statute book?” African Slavery
 was not originally a national movement
 of any country, but bad its origin in the
 selfishness and cruelty of individuals,
 rhe first who stole men from Africa to
 make slaves of them were the Portu
 guese, more than four centuries ago.
 They were followed by the Spaniards
 more than fifty years later. For about
 two centuries, Englishmen to their dis
 grace, partook of the same atrocious
 trade. But the day of repentance at
 length arrived—Britain bought from
 the Spaniards and Portuguese their
 discontinuance of the slave trade, a con
 dition which they have never yet
 performed, and as a crowning act gave
 twenty millions to ransom her own
 slaves from bondage,—money which
 was most cheerfully paid, although it
 was equal to all the diminution of the
 National Debt, after twenty years
 peace, Britain had come out victori
 ous from an unexampled war, conquer
 ing all her enemies. The victory was
 infinitely more noble, for she then con
 quered herself. (Cheers.) There was
 one thing he regretted in that trans
 action—it was, that the lion’s share of
 the purchase money was not given to
 the blacks instead of being all given to
 the slaveholders. Suppose a Judge
 bad been empowered to receive the
 claims of both parties he would have
 asked the slaveholders to specify the
 amount of theirs—this might have been
 set down in figures, and their loss cal
 culated. But weigh that against the
 claims of the slaves, and what would it
 amount to? Who could calculate a
 compensation for the oppression and
 helpless bondage endured for genera
 tions by that suffering race? Two
 thirds of the twenty millions should
 have been given to the blacks,and with
 the remaining third, the proprietors
 would have had flrr more than their fair
 proportion. The example of Britain in
 emancipating her slaves has been fol
 lowed by France, Sweden, and Den
 mark, and even the Pacha of Egypt,
 and the semi-barbarous Chiefs of the
 Principalities of the Danube have set
 their bondmen free. Every movement
 lately on the European Continent has
 been in favor of freedom. In the United
 States it has retrograded, Go to Wash
 ington, and there we find in their proud
 Capitol, the Representatives of twenty
 millions of people, in the last year of the
 first half of the nineteenth century, leg
 islating gravely for ten months—not to
 break the shackles of trade—not to
 benefit their own people, or the people
 of any other country—but to extend the
 area of slavery over other countries,
 where it does not exist. Unheard of
 cruelty! to conquer nation for such a
 purpose. It is without a parallel in the
 history of the world. But it may be
 said, a compromise was effected. True,
 California was admitted as a free
 State, and why because she refused to
 come in on any other terms, and be
 cause she carried in her hands a golden
 tocher,” which the virtue of our Re
 publican neighbors was incapable of
 resisting. To balance this great effort
 1 of magnanimity, the atrocious Slave
 Bill was passed, which cut the Union
 1 into two grand divisions—Slaveholders
 and Slavecatchers. (Applause.) Good
 men in their Legislature have opposed
 this iniquitous measure, and that true
 patriot, Governor Seward, of New
 York, informed his countrymen ihat
 there was a higher law than any human
 r enactment —the law of the Governor of
 the universe, which was ever opposed
 to injustice and oppression. But he
 1 was ridiculed by his colleagues, and
 has been assailed for the noble senti
 s ment, by many public journals. These
 I men seem to think that the Almighty
 i has given up all control in the affairs
 of men, and they rush on the thick
 bosses of his buckler. They will yet
 discover that He who sit# in Heaven
 will have them in derision.” Slavery
 I is doomed and must fall, and let the
 people of Canada do their utmost in
 accomplishing that desirable result.
 (Applause.)
 r 'rhe Chairman said, after what the
 t audience had listened to, they would
 I fe#l proud of being British subjects.
 t Slave* onnnot live in Britain;
 i The moment they touch our shored.
 Their shackle* fall.
 Hie motion was put and carried
 unanimously.
 The Rev. Mr. LHlie said, the reso
 lution which wiM now be submitted, di
 rects your attention to a subject some
 what different from the preceding, more
 agkeeabfo, *nd one for which he
 t Aught they would be prepared by the
 able remarks which had been made.
 It intheae words—
 |Jd.-—“ That this meeting heartily j
 bid* God-speed to the noble end ever-
 increasing band of Christians end Pa-
 -tripts in the United States—-the truest
 friends,in thw particular, of their cimn-
 [tr* —who publicly plead without fear
 of favor, the cantos of their enslave
