Mr. Thompson'■ address on this occasion
 was on tbs condition of tbs colored people of
 tbs United States. He deeply sympathised
 with them in their present hopeless, cheerless
 and melancholy forebodings. Theie rested on
 their cause, at this period, shadows, clouds
 and darkness Yet he was inclined to a
 more hopeful view of the condition, than
 many of the most thoughtful among them
 selves were disposed to lake. [Since this
 speech was decidedly the most powerful of
 any delivered by Mr. Thompson during the
 Convention, and since we have but imperfect
 notes of the same, and there is a probability
 of our having that speech from Mr. Tbomp
 son’e own pen, we shall omit here the publi
 cation of the Secretary's notea of it, in the
 hope of laying it before our readers in its full
 beauty, power and completeness.]
 AXTZRNOON MCKTINO.
 By two o’clock, the vast hsll wss again
 thronged. A string of resolutions were read
 by Frederick Douglass, upon which he made
 a short speech, at the close of which, the res
 olutions ware adopted
 S. S. Foster now reoommended the anti
 slavery newspapers to the notice of the peo
 ple. “Toe North Star” was held up as
 especially deeervieg the sympathy and sup
 port ot the friends of the slave in this region.
 Aries this,
 forward to address the meeting. He regarded
 the vaatnees of the audience si a gladdening
 spectacle, and expressed his sense of the deep
 responsibility resting upon one who presumes
 to address a msss of his fellow-creatures.
 If,” said the speaker, for every idle
 word which one man may tay to another
 he ia to give an account in the great day of
 reckoning, how awful is the responsibility,
 “of addressing a multitude like that before
 me.”
 Mr. Thompson said much in his opening
 remarks, on the importance of speaking the
 truth. We are wrong, angTy and avaricious,
 because not true. Truth now dwells but par
 tielly, it shall dwell universally among man
 kind.
 Mr. Thompson’s afttrnoon speech was a
 searching review of the colonisation scheme,
 as aet forth in the recent speech of Henry
 Clay, before the American Colonization So
 ciety, on the 34th Anniveiaary. He deemed
 that speech important, because it had given
 tone to the press, and because it governed
 the opinions of the mass of the people. The
 scheme of colonization had been recently re
 vived, and is designed to be carried out by
 State law. Missionaries from that society
 are being sent about in all directions.
 The Kev. Randolph Gurley had been
 lately sent to Libeiia on this mission. An
 other emissary had been dispatched to Eog
 gland to mislead the minds of the people
 there on the subject. One miltiou of dollars
 had been lately bequeathed to the society by
 a tieh planter in Louisiana. Large steamers
 are being built, expressly to transport the
 free colored people to the shores of Africa,
 and to an unhealthy and unhoapitable cli
 mate, and the society implores the blessing
 ef heaven on its labors! Only think of it.
 It ia the glory of America that veaaela are
 bound to her shores, bringing freights of op
 preseed human beings from every clime
 under heaven. America “Acs bread enough,
 emd to spare" for all such. But her vessels
 are bound to the western shore of Africa,
 transporting a portion of her people there, to
 find their graves far away from the land of
 their birth. The Colonization Society does
 not seek, nor desire to touch the subject of
 slavery, nor to provide for the slaves. That
 society only deaiiea to carry off the free col
 ored man. The colored man who ia being
 whipped, and gagged, and acatred, at the
 bidding of a cruel master, he may not go, but
 the/ree colored man who is honestly and in
 dustriously earning his living, and providing
 for hit family, he must go. To send the
 slave, would, indeed, be a mercy.
 Mr. Thompson here read an extract from the
 epeech of Mi. Clay, refering to the degraded
 condition of the free colored man, which
 be followed by one of the moat pathetic
 aimilee we ever remember to have heard, and
 of which we can give but a faint portraiture.
 See yon plant, fading, withering and dying.
 It ia placed where no refreshing showers can
 descend upon it, and where no gently falling
 dew can revive it—blame not the plant, it
 does bat 11 follow the law of its condition,”
 but blame the gardener, who suffered it to
 pine away neglected and uncared for. Ani
 sic* Thou art the husbandman; the col
 ored people are the plants committed to tby
 care. God had placed them in a garden
 where they could have bden nurtured, and
 brought up healthily and carefully, but thou
 hast transplanted them and rudely torn them
 away from all that ia genial, and if they
 art degraded, if they are criminal, I turn
 to the negro-hater, who jeetingly points out
 the guilty creature, and I say, Thou art the
 man.”
 The eloquent speaker then exposed most
 ably the various sophistries and machination*
 of the Colonization Society, and gave a seriet
 of opportane illustrations of the various meth
 ods panned by the emissaries of that Society;
 and dosed his speech by an earnest and
 heart-felt appeal to the American people to
 redress the wrong they had so long inflicted
 on three millions of thsir people; that the
 Soothers winds should come wifted no moic
 with the sighs and groans of a single slave.
 The meeting then adjourned.
 JULIA GRIFFITHS,
 Assistant Sec*y.
Letter from H. O. Wtfontr.
 Chicago, 111., Match 3d, 1851.
 Fkiiho Douclam lf I could advance
 any new or additional arguments to those al
 ready advanced by youtaelf and others,
 against the Colonization scheme, as advoca
 ted by Henry Clay and otheis, I would gladly
 avail myself of the opportunity but the
 whole ground has been fully canvassed, and
 therefore, there ie net room for me to add
 anything new or interesting upon the subject.
 1 think, however, that it can be safely said
 that the sentiments of the most intelligent of
 our people, throughout the Union, are op
 posed to leeving the country, while three
 millions of our fellow-countrymen remain in
 •iavary. What could waar the appearance of
 meanacM sod eowardioe, more then that of
 abandoning the country, leeving our enslaved
 brethren to the mercy and despotic ooatrol of
 a people and government, whose only aim
 a rams to he the devising of new pleas of op
 and degradation? But surely if
moral influence, the medium of which it is
 said we are to effect the abolition of slaver;
 in ibis country, is to be relied upon, it does
 seem to me that we could better effect the ob
 ject by remaining here, than by going to Af
 rica, from whence we would have to throw
 our influence acroas the Atlantic, fiat the
 truth is, we know that the authors of the
 Colonization scheme, were the very men, of
 all others, who were anxious to get rid of us,
 and they could devise no better scheme to
 get ua out of the country than through the
 medium of their pretended friendships of bet
 tering our condition by eolooiaing us is Af
 rica. fiat your ninth Lecture, in Corinthian
 Hall, Rochester, February 9d, ’5l, is full of
 argument upon the subject, and ia much bet
 ter adapted to the purpose than anything 1
 could aay in this communication. But when
 I reflect upon the condition of our people in
 this country, and behold the gloomy prospect
 before us, I am forced to ask, in the name of
 high heaven what ia to become of us 1 But,
 in the midst of all this dreariness and gloom,
 may 1 not say, that doubtless a God of jus
 tice and mercy will yet awaken to our dis
 tresses.” But, says some of our learned di
 vines, How awaken to your distresses I an
 swer, by diffusing moral light and a love of
 liberty among the people.” Can any man,
 Vtflwt Wae sninJ ss —J f «m«I ak#
 means of information within his reach, say
 that light ia not bursting in upon us from
 every quaitar Does not all Europe give
 ugns of the dawn of light? And does not
 sll civilization give'testimony to the same im
 port And is not this some encouragement
 for us to be patient, and to wait a little
 longer for the good time coming.”
 Coeval with moral light ia the love of lib
 erty and when tha love of liberty dies en
 tirely out of the hearts of the people, we may
 still look for progress, however slow, in the
 lirection of true liberty. Nor should we be
 liscouraged by the efforts which are being
 put forth from certain high sources, to stifle
 tnd to check the tide of light and liberty
 tmong the people,” and especially when we
 tre reminded that freedom is not a gift of
 nan, but of God and we believe that no gift
 ►f God can taken from us by
 mortal man. Great Britain had not the
 power to lake it from our Revolutionary i
 lires, and it is to be hoped that future gene
 rations may never have the power to annihi
 ate it.
 But 1 do not say the Colonization scheme
 a wholly incapable of doing good. But sup
 pose it were to succeed, in a long time, in
 solonizing all Africa, that free one
 slave in America, when the professed object
 jf its founders were,)not to send the slave
 there, but the free people of color only.
 It is also contended as an objection to the
 mmediate emancipation of the slaves, that
 hey would be incapable of self-government,
 were they all to be let loose at once, without
 the necessary preparation. But how does it
 happen that the moment they become free m
 this countiy, they are afonce capable of self
 government in Africa, without any furthet
 preparation. Surely if we, though a cor
 rupt class,” would be good citizens, and ca
 pable of self-government in Africa, why
 should we not be equally yo in America? But
 it must he acknowledged, by sll sound, sober
 thinking men, that however well those men
 may argue on other aubjeeta, yet, on this sub
 ject, they seem to lose sight of all consist
 ency. What man, endowed with a common
 share of talents, would have ventured to
 throw out to the scrutiny of the civilized
 world, such crooked and cripp)ed-up logic as
 that of Daniel Webster’s on the exclusion of
 slavery from California and New Mexico by
 the geography and climate of those territo
 ries. Suppose one of out corrupt and disso
 lute class,” had ventured to present to the
 enlightened people of the United Stales, such
 silly and simple arguments as those of Dan
 iel Webster’s just referred to, what would
 have been said by a great majority of the
 people why, it ia just like the reasonings
 of a thick-headed nigger, what else could we
 expectbut, not so in this case, for this is
 the great expounder of the Constitution.”
 If Webster were to say that the city of Bot
 ton is in the State of Maine, there are those
 who would believe it, and who would aay,
 All right; it must be so, Webster has said it.
 But no, the free people of color, should be
 awake to all subjects of the day, pertaining
 to our weal or woe, and should endeavor to
 assume some position, and to act in accord
 ance with reason and principle. But before
 I close, permit me to observe, that, in order to
 become anything in this country, we cannot
 too strongly enforce, nor too often remind uur
 people of the necessity of cultivating our
 minds, and of leaving the large cities and
 towns snd resorting to the woods. There is
 no use of disguising facts, for the truth is, we
 will have to come to this sooner or later, and
 we might as wall make a break now, aa at
 some futute period. Every new arrival of
 emigrants from the Old World tends to has
 ten the period. Let us look to these things,
 snd put forth our best efforts in the matter,
 and trust in God for success.
 Yours, aa ever,
 H. O. WAGONER.
Letter from George Weir.
 Buffalo, March 15th, 1851.
 Mr. Editor— Sia :—I wae somewhat as
 tonished to find in yonr paper of the 13th
 inet., an article copied from the New York
 Evening Poet, in relation to the effects of the
 Fugitive Slave Bill in Buffalo, stating that
 one hundred and thirty communicants from
 the coloisd Baptist Church had left, for fear
 of arrest on the charge of being fugitive
 slaves, and also that the Methodist Church
 had lost a considerable number from the same
 cause. From whatever source this informa
 tion emanated, allow me to inform you that
 it is ioeorreet, and instead of the large number
 spoken of, not three have left from either
 shurch, and I know that not three have left
 from the whole eity therefore the report it
 entirely incorrect and without the least shadow
 of foundation. The Boffalooiaua are mads
 ap of different stuff. We are not so easily
 frightened sa to leave our homes m conse
 quence of any such machinations of the
 Devil; and I imagine that it would require
 more force than any of the Fillmore clique
 could summon in Buffalo to drive us from the
 homes of our adoption, at least in such num
 bers as spoken of. We have long since con
 sidered the matter, and have ootoe to the
 conclusion that we have a right to live here,
 and also that wa have a right to use the some
 means to maintain our rights that our raWu
nonary fathers taught us so a osrtain occa
 sion.” No attempts have been made here as
 yet to arrest any one. Oar city has so joyed
 a quietude and repose which it is devoutly to
 be hoped may continue. But when it shall
 1m broken, Buffalo will be beard from.
 Youia, die.,
 GEORGE WEIR, Ja.
1 Mam CmrntiM.
 On Wednesday and Thursday next, ih«
 96th and 27th, inst, ao Anti-Slavery Con*
 vention will be held in Lockport, which will
 be attended by George Thompson, Rev. S.
 i J. May, F. Douglass, and Mr. and Mrs.
 7 Foster. The meeting will commence at 10
 o’clock, A. M., and will be continued
 throughout the afternoon and evening. Come
 one—come all!
 ▲■other Oatbarst of Malaee and Morti
 fication from the American.
 Duting the last week, we studiously avoid
 ed mingling st all in the agitation occasioned
 by the advent and antics of George Thompson
 and hia followers. The other presses of this
 city, devoted more or less space to the events
 that quickened into life st the approach of
 Mr. Thompson, and which matured under
 the fertilizing influences of his rtay. Under
 standing, however, that Mr. Thompson, with
 characteristic egotism, toook occasion to sneer
 at the American, because it had not informed
 tin readers of nts coming, and with the sue
 cess of hia mountebank gyrations, it were a
 breach of courtesy not to respond, though we
 neither wish nor hope to emulate the reckless
 assertion, the wanton calumny and ribald abuse
 that marked too great a portion of the pro
 ceedings in which he bare a part.
 The gentleman from England was not alone
 in his abuse of us, but divers gentlemen from
 Africa, and hybrid nondescripts, neither fish
 nor flesh—albeit foul turned several pretty
 sentences, and pointed several elegant
 periods, with the gratifying remark, that ws
 were “struck dumb”—“were mum,” &amp;c.,
 all of which occasioned howls of applause,
 and put the assembly of disorganize!) into
 marvellous good humor.
 Perhaps the most marked incident of the
 week was the attempt of Mr. Thompson to
 brow-beat tbs public, which we will give, in
 the language of the Democrat. That paper
 said ou Thursday:
 Were it true that this peisoo, (George
 Thompson) indulges in vituperative assaults
 upon the Government and Constitution of
 this country, we should agree fully and
 ordially with the Com Adv. in commend
 ing him to the ‘silent contempt’ of the people.
 But we find no language, used in his dis
 course, that could be so construed and ws
 are ready to judge him by bis acta, and not
 prejudge him from hearsay and misrepresent
 ation. In the commencement of his address
 on Tuesday afternoon, he called upon any
 one who eould do ao to convict him of any
 one of the offences against hospitality which
 are charged upon him, promising, in case
 they were /or one moment substantiated, to
 immediately leave the city and country.
 Tbe Rochester Herald, (Free Soil,) a few
 days previous, iu attempting to answer an
 ai tide in the Advertiser said that to reiterate
 a cettain statement attributed to Mr. Thomp
 son, waa to progagate a lie, and only
 “caitiffs” would do it, or wcrda to that
 effect—but we are sure about tbe "caitiff."
 The sentiment is as follows
 There isn’t a rood of earth on the globe
 that is not more sanctified by the spirit ol
 liberty than Republican America. And that
 “Nothing is contraband in this country bui
 truth and honesty.”
 The Advertiser did reiterate it—the papei
 waa read by Thompson, and the “caitiff” ac
 knowledged it! Moreover, he declared “tha
 tbe words were just and true—that he wisher
 them transmitted to hia children, sind inscribe*
 as an epitaph on his tomb,” and we are toU
 that some of the audience applauded him—
 that they sent up their shouts of joy at thi
 uttaranee of such mendacious and abusivi
 sentiment, and laughed in fiendish glee wher
 told that in tbe country of their birth onlj
 “truth and honesty were contraband,” anti
 this by a vagrant libeller, an offshoot from
 the unnatural growth of the heart of crowded
 London—a brazen-faced contemner of the
 hospitality that sheltered him in Rochester,
 and the healthy public sentiment that pro
 tected him from a penalty that in hia own
 home, and own “roiod” of free land, would
 have been bestowed upon him unstintedly.
 We know that the many well-meaning citi
 zens who were present on that afternoon,
 actuated by motives of curiosity, loathed tbe
 monster that dared thus to insult them.
 Mr. Thompson doubtless thought, having
 boldly declared his intention to leave Roch
 ester, if convicted of the offences charged,
 that no proof would be offered that he had so
 offended. But when the proof is offered,
 and the sly fox ia unearthed, he pleads guilty
 —coward-like, deserts his ground, and braves
 public opinion by justifying hia atrocious sen
 timent*.
 Friday P. M. he devoted to a tirade of
 abuse against Henry Clay, chiefly. But a
 thousand Thompsons, and ten legions of fal
 len angels like unto him, and all the “shapes
 hot from Tartarus,” in the plastic monld of s
 modern Abolitionist can never shtke the love
 of “gallant Harry of the West,” that is
 deeply planted in the heaits of his country
 men. He may rave and rant, and invoke the
 demons of the pit to kis aid, but he cannot
 move the firmly seated love of this eminent
 statesman, nor change the old rallying cry
 and the enthusiastic ahout of “Here's to you
 Harry Clay.” The audience stood his
 Billingsgate “like good fellows,” but only
 fssble cheers from a few insane sympathizers,
 responded to his slander.
 With the lesser lights in this elan we have
 nothing te do. They have learned, however,
 that the thronged houses were no tribute to
 them, for with the dying away of Thompson’s
 *oice, the audience usually slipped out to
 breathe the pure air. And when the “regular
 army” gathered about their council fire, there
 were hardly enough present to keep each
 Other In Countenance. Wm suppose these
 fanatics “had a good lima” in Rochester
 doubtless they departed with malevolence sod
 bitterness enough in their hearts to last tbe
 residue of the season. We cordially rejoice
 in their disappointment at not being “mob
 bed,” and bope they will come again and pass
 some more resolutions.
 But the “pestilence that waatath at noon
 day” has passed. Tbe aky has cleared up,
 and a puier air has diasi paled the miasma that
 waa doing i's work. Some of us took the
 disease the “natural way”—others by “in
 oculation.” However, all are satisfied, and
 they wont be williog to introduce tbe virus
 into tbeir systems again. These pseudo
 “friends of the slave” are his worst enemies
 and had he no better friends, we might in
 deed despair of him and of the Republic.
Baseness and Mendacity.
 We ask the attention of all candid readers
 to the following facts:
 When it was announced that George
 Thompson, Esq., bad been invited to oar
 city for the purpose of lecturing upon Reform
 in Great Britain and Brittab India, the Daily
 Advertiser aaaailed him in the most oppro
 brious tsrms, and to excite the prejudices and
 hostility of the public, published what pur
 ported to be extracts from a speech made at
 Springfield. It asserted that Mr. Thompson
 had "violated the rights of hospitality" and
 "vilified and abased our country as a whole."
 Knowing that these pretended extracts origi
 nated whh l the Springfield Rebubticen, the
 instigators connected with which got up the
 mob that haa eternally disgraced that town,
 we took it for granted that the men who
 would get op mobs were probebly liars, nod
 such proves to be substantially the fact.
 The Advertiser publishes a letter from
 "Sam Bowfot k Sew’ the Springfield mobo*
cr»t», which exhibit* the spirit of the wit
 mmm by low abuse—b«»rrse “Sam Bowies
 A Son” do eot testify to use of iho words
 Jooied, bat that somebody whoso name they
 not give told them so! Now in opposi
 tion to the assertion of this Mr. Nobody wo
 have the frank and manly explanation of Mr.
 Thompson himself, mads from ths platform
 of Corinthian Hall on Thnraday aftsroooa.
 Bnt such is the malignity and nn/ainea* of
 tbs Advertiser, that it garhlso and falsifies
 this explanation. Mr. Thompson did sot
 admit that, he never used ths language moo
 ted—but said that when speaking of the Fu
 gitive Slavs Lew—he did aay that “for tbs
 fugitive slave there was no apet of earth that
 was not more sacred to liberty then America.”
 This was the seothnent, which he declared
 to be “just sad trua,” and who will have the
 hardihood to deny it?
 But gaibling the explanation and omitting
 the most essential part, the eallumniaior of
 the Advortiasr endeavor* to made out its cue.
 But he cannot thus impose upon the good
 sense of the citizens of Rochester. He
 charged that Mr. Thompson bad attacked the
 “Government and Constitution of this coun
 try— had slandered our Country as a whole—
 and had been guilty of offences against hos
 pitality.
 Mr. Thompson declared himeelf to be a
 friend of this country and people, and an ad
 mirer of all its institutions, save one —Slavery
 —sad promised to leave the oountry if any
 ef the vile chargee against him could be aub
 •taniated. And now this contemptible Ad
 vertiaer libeller calls upon all “true demo
 crats!” to “spurn out” Mr. Thompson from
 our city ana coantry," and (Dr wnat? why,
 for believing what the Advertiws admit* to
 be true, that “Slavery is a great social, moral
 and political evil”—and for saying that for
 the safety of a fogitiyj slave “is no spot on
 oarth that is not more sacred than Republican
 America.” That such ia the fact, recent
 acei.ee in New York and Philadelphia bears
 sad witness. Those who have heard Mr.
 Thompson in this can testify that nought has
 been said by hiaa against our country, its
 Constitution or its Goverenment. On the
 contrary, he has uniformly expressed love
 and admiration for all, with the exception of
 slavery and ita accompaniments, Color
 phobia, and the Fugitive slave Law—That
 after columns of vituperation and abuse of a
 stranger visiting our eity the Advertiser
 should resort to a garbled misrepresentation
 of Mr. Thompson's remarks, ia a depth of
 meanness to which no man but Thomas H.
 Hyatt could descend.— Roch. Herald.
Anti-Colonization.
 We have been respectfully requested to
 publish the following proceedings, and do so
 because we are willing to give every one a
 hearing, whatever may be our own opinions.
 Some of these resolutions certainly contain
 bold and extraordinary avowals, which must
 depend entirely on their own merits for ap*
 proval.— (Jin. ISonjpartiL
 Pursuant to public notiee, a very large and
 respectable meeting of the colored citizens of
 ihis city was holden on the evening of the
 91st of March, in the Union Baptist church
 for the purpose of making a demonstration of
 sentiment in reference to African Coloniza
 tion.
 On motion, Wm. Dames was chosen Presi
 dent, and Rev. W. Shelton, Wm. D. Brawn
 and Wm. Nelson, Vice Presidents. Mr.
 Thomas Ball and P. Toliver, as Sectelaries.
 The President briefly stated the object of the
 call, whereupon a committee of five were ap
 pointed lo bring in business for the considera
 tion of the meeting, viz: Jehu I. Gains, 1.
 G. Ball, Wra. Casey, James Leach, and
 John Hatfield. The throne ofGrace was ad
 dressed by Rev. C. Ysn Yancy. The com
 mittee retired and brought in the following
 Report, which was unanimously adopted, but
 one voting in the negative.
 Whereas, Some fifteen or sixteen indi
 viduals met in a society capacity at P.
 Walker’s barber ahop and adopted a pream
 ble and reeolutiona in favor of African Colo
 nization—said preamble and resolutions pub
 lished in the “Daily Enquirer” of March Ith,
 which was headed “Negro Emigration
 And whereas the sentiments therein contained
 do not reflect the opinion of one-fiftieth part
 of the colored people of Cmoinnati, there
 fore—
 Resolved, That we, the colored citizens of
 this city, in public meeting assembled, enter
 out protest against the whole scheme of Afri
 can colonization.
 Resolved, That said preamble which de
 clared “that with all the exertions on our
 part, and the assistance of those friendly to
 our elevstion we mutt despair of ever seeing
 the prejudice manifested against our people
 done away in the United States for centuries
 yet to come,” —is a mere fallacy and totally
 uncalled for at this juncture.
 Resolved, That the first and second resolu
 tions, which affirm that the colored native
 born American “can never expect to enjoy a
 political equality” with the Anglo-American
 race, is another gross error, contradicted by
 the history of the times and the progressive
 spirit of the age.
 Resolved, That we are more’ than ever
 convinced of the heartless nature of the Ame
 rican Colonization Society, inasmuch as it
 only purposes in the language of its great
 founder, Henry Clay, not to interfere with
 the “peculiar institution,” but to remove “the
 free people of color in these United States to
 Africa.
 Resolved, That the slaveholders of the
 South and their Northern allies need give
 themselves no uneasiness about the “Fine
 Negroes” of Ctucinusti going to Liberia,
 but reserve the equilibrium of their temper
 for the preservation of their health, for io
 reality they have no such an idea.
 Resolved, That this is our home, this the
 spot where our fathers, mothers, sisters and
 brothers have died. Hera are oar kinsmen
 in chains, and while ooe rattles upon their
 limbs, er clanks upon their neck, we will
 never voluntarily'leave the laud of our birth,
 but contend for our rights in the church and
 out of the church, in the State and out of the
 State, until the stars and stripes (shall float
 over the head of none but the free.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 meeting be published in the several city pa
 pen.
TREMENDOUS EXCITEMENT lIR
 NEW BEDFORD! r
 Colored Population Wide Awake!
 New Bcoford, Match 16,
 o’clock, P. M.
 Our city haa baen in the moat intenaa state
 of excitement ever since half-past four u’eleck
 this morning, in consequence of the arrival
 hart about that time of two gentlemen from
 Boston, who left that city about midnight,
 making the journey (00 miles) in four end a
 half heura—thirty milas by horse and thirty
 by railroad—bringing the intelligence that a
 steamer with 100 armed men and the Deputy
 U. S. Marshal left Charlestown Navy Yard
 on Saturday evening, bound for|thia or soma
 other port ia the vicinity, with the avowed in
 tention of claiming Fugitive Slaves,
 The information was oommuaicated to some
 of the principal men of the place, at_tbe ear
 liest moment.
 The bell on Liberty Hall was immediately
 tolled and continued to sound the alarm for
 about one hour. The people turned out to
 aee what was tha matter—tha news was soon
 upoo every tongue. A large concourse of
 people aaaeaabled at Liberty HaiUand resolved
 upon future count. Between six and seven
 hundred colored citizens many of whom are
 fugitives am hen, and an determined to
 Stand by one Another and live or die together.
 The colored citizens abandoned their separate
 places of worship and assembled in a body at
 liberty Hall; this waa done at the recom
 mendation of sevatal of our moat wealthy and
 influential ettmana- At the opening of the
 meeting ia the forenoon, Rodney French
 Esq., announced, that, what the cittaana ef
 New Bedford had beee ia great fear ef for
 a*me time past, had now almost become a
 fgot -.aoloogai ago than yesterday, said be, a
U. S. Deputy Marshal for New Bedford re
 eeived Me appointment to Boston, ha pur.
 ebaaad it by a pledge that he could and would
 r attest a fugitive slave in this city, if it coat
 bin hie life.
 Mr. French told the audience ibe n„w*
 about the steamer; ibe excitement wae very
 i great. The impraaeton bare ie that the
 •learner ia intended to remain a the outer
 bay, to be used by tbe new Depety Marshal,
 who ia a pilot, ia a sort of priaon ship, there
 be»g no other means of boldiag a prisoner.
 The name of the new officer aa Bill Raeeell
 said to be a tool of any desperate work. The
 hotels and reading rooms have been visited by
 heed reds doling the day, who are anxious to
 learn something of the partienlan.
 All good’ oilmens, without reference to
 party, declares that a fugitive ought not and
 never can be taken from this place. The new
 Deputy finds it difficult to obtain the neces-
 Mry bonds required by law before he can hold
 the office; nevertheless be ia appoirted. He
 dose not deny that the steamer waa intended
 for this port, but ia ashamed to own that he
 has received tbe appointment.
 Sach a aevare storm has been raging all
 day, that it would be impossible for the
 steamer to have arrived up to the dosing of
 our despatch.
 A monster meeting of the citizens ie talked
 of for this evening, notwithstanding the rain.
 Commonwealth.
Tbi Purchase or Nbw Mexico.— I Th
 Hon. Truman Smith, in his speech in the
 National Senate on the Bth inst., procured
 faU and official statistics to show the terri
 tories of New Mextvo m 4 California, cost
 the Union $194,038,353 65J in the expenses
 of the war and the indemnity paid for the
 territory acquired. Besides which, we have
 the following statistics of the loss of human
 life in the wax:—The number of deaths
 returned by the officer of the army is 19,788;
 4,749 were discharged for disability, of whom
 at least half have died, say 3,874 73,260,
 men were mustered into service during the
 war, and 10,573 were muttered out; of the
 residue, amounting to 93,867 90,079 were
 returned as dead, discharged or deserted, and
 the difference, 9,615, are supposed to be
 dead of those mustered out of service, it is
 estimated that 10 per cent, or 5,514 have
 since died thus raaking,in the Aggregate, a
 low of 95,481 lives through this war. Mr.
 Smith rightly asks whether, with this ex
 penditure of life and treasure, the U. Statee
 have not purchased New Mexico, and whe
 ther we are to be obliged to purchase it a
 second time.— CSn. Nonpareil.
ID* A negro woman was relating her ex
 perience to a gaping ‘eongiegation of color;
 among other things, said she had been to
 heaven. One of the servants asked her,
 “Sister, you see any black folks in heaven
 ‘Ob! get out —’apoee I go in de kitchen
 when 1 was dar V
North Star Fair.
 Thi North Star Fair Association
 will hold their Annual Fair for the North
 Star newspaper during Anniversary week in
 May next.
 All who are deairous of sustaining that
 paper are respectfully solicited to contribute.
 The Association consider it an efficient Anti-
 Slavery agency—one which airne a death
 blow at the foul system of slavery and now
 is thß time its power should be felt. Slavery
 is ofpresaing us on every aide, tod we must
 be prepared for battle. Our weapon is
 Truth, and tbe North Star is well calculated
 to wield it. It can and will combat the
 enemy on every aide, and therefore ought to
 be sustained. Then let ua sustain it. The
 ladies of this Association ate delexmiued to
 exert their Influence in ita behalf.
 Donations, either in money or goods, will
 be thankfully received, and may be forwarded
 to the Directress or Secretary.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Direetresa, 6 Albany street.
 Fannt Tompkins, See., 180 Chnich at.
Receipts
 For (fa North Star, from th* I dth to (fa 2UA
 of March.
 Samuet May Jr., 9 8,00
 William H. Leslie 2,00
 O. It. Latham 2,00
 Daniel Graves 2,00
 James l-eslie 2.00
 Calvia Gilman 2,00
 Rev. Porter B. Perry 1,00
 John W. Perry 1,00
 M. P. Henston 2,00
 Richard Gray 2.00
 Joel Pound 2,00
 Rev. A. H. Jarvis 1,00
 A. B. Slater 1,00
 Best Palmer 1,00
 Edward Dodd 1,00
 R. W. Hewitt 1,00
 William Ridsdale 1,00
 Mrs. E. Winslow 1,00
 Dr. Clarke 4,00
 James Sperrsy 4,00
 F. Prescottl 1,00
 John Co wall 2,00
 Hicks Halstead 2,00
 C. Hemmingway 2,00
 John H Brown 2,00
 William Scio 1,00
 Z. D. Patterson 2,00
 Rev. Mr. Kentish (Eng.) (don) 4,84
 A friend in Wales 2,42
 We are glad to inform our kind friends ia bristol
 and Bridgewater, that (theirf boxes have (just ar
 rived in Rochester.
DIED:
In the triumph of .Faith, on the 12tk of February*
 at Orange, Delaware Co., Ohio, NOAH DAVIS,
 aged 72.
 For many years he was a member of the third
 Presbyterian Church of this city, aed lived among
 us, respeeted audbaloved. Mr. Davis showed his
 love for the poor slave, ut the firaeide, church and
 ballot-box.
DEMAND FOR SLOAN'S MEDICINES.
 Paris, 111., April 9th, 1850.
 Dr. Sloan: Sir:—Wc sue nearly out of your
 Ointment and Condition Powder. We would
 scarcely know bow to get along without them.
 There never was so great a demand for any other
 medicine in this country as there ts for yours. We
 want, as soon as practicable, at least one hundred
 packages of the Condition Powders aud as many
 boxes of the Ointment.
 Yours respectfully,
 STEELE A YORK.
 QCj-See Sloan’s advertisement in another column.
LATEST NEWS FROM CANADA.
 [From the Montreal Gazette, June 19, 1849:]
 “Oar readers will have observed the frequent
 notices which have appeared in our advertising
 columns of the benefits resulting from the use of
 Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry in the cure of dis
 eases of the respiratory otgans, catarrhal affections,
 liver complaints, Ac.
 Many of the certificates are (couched in jStreng
 language, and may be thought to be mere catch
 penny notices, for the purpose of drawing attention
 te a quack medicine. Such, however, Wistar’s
 Bakun of Wild Cheny is not. We can ourselves
 vouch for the good effects this Balsam has had no
 diseases of the nature of these above mentioned,
 whenever we have known it restored to, and that
 when every other remedy has been tried and tailed.
 [FromthuN. Y. Eve. Mirror, March 89,1819
 We regard the wild cherry tree as one of su
 tures own physicians, a sort ol good Samaritan of
 the forest; for its ‘medicinal gum’ has relieved the
 sufferings and saved the lives of thousands. The
 Balsam prepared by Dr. Wistar ia spare and per
 fectly rumble preparation of the real Cherry essence,
 and It is a remedy by no manna “bed to take.’’
 We speak confidently and strongly in its praise,
 from having witnessed its renovating influence in
 cotuumptive cases when all other preparations had
 proved of no effect.
 only genuine b always signed 1. BUTTS on
 Formfeby the general agent, Seth W. Fovb,
 188 Washington st., Boston, Mass, and by (us *ib
 ■geau throughout the United States and British
 For mb by Post A Wilmsirlso by W*’
 PITKtR ~^t
 ANTMUTBIT LECTUEtI.
 THETWO FIRST LECTURES, delivered by
 X Frederick Douglass in Cerinthtan Hall, Roch
 ester, are sow published ia one pamphlet; it is got
 3&gt; mporior styb, aad maybe had at the
 gjwth amr am shilliaf each, or
 mourua# lit* ih. 1.
rttsentente.
 OU lilies, Take Reticel
 T HAVE sow oa bead sad mm constantly ~mii
 1 I famering, FRONT BANDS, to cover «p the
 Cy hair, and held pieces non tbe front purl of the
 d and temples and I will sell a sen ter, sheen
 er, and batter article than can bn bought ia t
 State.
 CaH aad see for yourselves.
 A Leo, Carte, Wine, stcalpe, aad Braid*.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange eueet.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Dye, for colorist tbe
 hair black.
 W-CMh paid for Hwaaa Hair. ju
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 X Stain of Penaayl v ania .located ia the Oity of Phi
 ladelphia, would most lespoclfaMy anaouaoe to the 1
 Public, that they are prepared te grant Charters, 1
 sad organise Union* throughout the State of Pena- I
 •yhranm.
 Terms fo» Charter, $5,
 Applications for Charters meal Be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, CL F. 8. No 68
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, U.S.». lU. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable souads-and of ail
 the Strange fhenoaena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications &amp;c. fcc., —price, single,
 I2|cu —10 copies for fl. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works t&lt;
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given
 A small capital of from 116 to 82S requires, am
 the agent will b» indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 inar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. H
Dental Snrgery.
 I would respectfully informtbecitiaeoiol Rochester
 Mid surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office Irom No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfhl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are (de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848.
 Tie 014 Cvrssity She*,
 'At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 T LOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 JLia warded him, would respectfully inform ms
 rtends and the public generally, that be has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this deport
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store t urn;
 tore, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all thoae
 various odds and ends” of which may not bu
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Glen-Haven Water-Cure! t
 IHIS Cork, so celebrated for its purity and soft-
 X ness of water, the salubrity of its climate, splendid
 scenery, beautiful lake, quiet location, is now open
 for the tick, and is unsurpassed by any establ ishtnen
 is the State.
 It bas undergone thorough repair the past winter
 aud will be conducted on the most scientific and
 skilful water-cure principles. 9
 Its Physician is James C. Jackson, M. D. His
 associates are Mrs. L. E. Jackson, Miw T. Gil
 bert and Giles E. Jackson, all of whom have had
 great experience in their profession.
 Every effort will be given by the Doctor and his
 associates to make thi Glik pleasant to their
 guests and to restore them to health. Neft* will be
 charged far examination.
 Persons wishing advice relative to treatment can
 have it given them fret of charge by addressing the
 Physician, or his associates, through the Post Of
 fice, and paying the postage.
 TERMB:—Five or six dollars per [week, (pay
 able weekly,) according to rooms, exclusive of
 washing or use of packing clothes. No extra price*
 charged unless so stated at time of entrance into
 the Cure.
 Our address is, Scott, Courtland Co., N. Y.
 JACKSON fit GILBERT.
 Our Israelitish Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Ancient Israel, by [Prof.
 Wilson, England—American from the third
 London edition. I'his work is designed to show
 that the inhabitants of the United States of Amer
 ica, England, and Moderan Nations of Europe, are
 tlie descendants of the ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 that die Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saxons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel were lost. In this book is
 published the objections i aised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickerstith, of the Church
 of England, together with the author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets, to the truth respecting
 Ephraim and the whole bouse of Israel, that we are
 now come to the very time and place, and circum
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 affords evidence that a key has been found to un
 lock the treasures of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to whom the promises are
 made, ana the promised inheritance both on earth
 and in heaven, and shews bow fully God had pro
 vided against all possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of what he hath purposed rejecting them.
 These works are free from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to be appreciated.
 To be had of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, and ERA3TUS DARROW, corner Main
 and St. Paul streets.
 The Book Trade supplied on liberal terms.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Core EstiUtokoeit,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectlully informs his friends and the
 public, that be baa become the owner of the late Dr.
 Higgles’ Water-CureEstablishment at BensonviUe,
 2| miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 aad 5 from Albany situated in one of the pleasentest
 rallies of New England, surrounded |with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, aad abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer ail the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 piarience of more thau 15 years of his own, his writ
 ing on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 ssade on the part of those »&gt;ifferer*|wbo may confide
 hemselves tojiim.
 From th« New York Tribune.
 Water-Core. —ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Mordb’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months siuce, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival ia this country ot
 Or. W. as a political lefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 meat within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 thuiiunar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 off friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,(will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which be pre
 sides, and which ia situated in one of the loveliest
 aad healthiest regions of New England.
 S TOPED THE NAUSEA!
 Buffalo, Sept. 26.1850.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan:—Sir—About the first of
 August last, my head began to swell very badly,
 and caused me very great suffering. The swelling
 daily increased and extended up my arts to the
 shoulder, and affected me so much as te reader am
 incapable of retaining any food is my stomach. I
 had the attendance of aa estaeined physician, and
 evrey thing was tried that promised relief, until it
 seemed as though I could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture, the solicitation of a
 friend, y.mr valuable ointment was applied to the
 arm and band, aad also over the ref bn of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea, aad in
 98 or 80 mioutos the pain ta my ana aad hand waa
 so fer ratiovod that I fell into a quiet slumber fei
 the first time in shout two weeks. The hand was
 was several times bid open with the barn* before
 your Oiatssent was applied, without say refer:
 hut frees the time I began to use tout Ointment
 upon it the sore discharged freely, aad my band ami
 arm were restored ia aa almost incredibly short
 liras. My speedy relief from the wonderful sufcr
 iags which I experienced, induces me to seed yea
 this testimonial, that others simiSarly afflicted may
 know the value of year Ointment m duck eases.
 For any further parucotan you are at hbsny tore
 «R*SJ MARY ANN MURRAY.
SLOSH’S COLSHR.
 All Medicines and Books mlyuruoud by
 W. p. Sloan are aold wholesale and retail,
 fit the proprietor’s arises, at
 sloan’S medicine depot,
 United States Hotel Block, Tonoao Street,
 Bafflklo, N. Y., and all orders lor the sum
 from the But« of New York, Peiuuylvmne,
 Eatonra Ohio and the Canadas, must bo ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Bufihlo, N. T.
 F. B. MOREHOUSE. Travelling Ait.
 Sold by Parr A Willi*, RoehuJer Le
 man Bibii, Penfield; T. Hw. Coo
 nino, Webster; J. Van Busin, Fxiryort
 B. M. Glaum, Sweden Centte; Amcw
 Clark, Clarkson r A. B. Ravmomo, Spa
 cer port, and by Merchants, Druggists, Am. ia
 nearly every town in lbo United Statue and
 Canada.
 SLOAN’S
FAMILY DINTMEN
 It 113 d, Safe, Thorough, and the grentsst
 External Remedy ever used. It it compe
 ted of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 power unequalled in the annals of Medieine
 for the cure of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It universally acknowledged to be an
 in&amp;Uible remedy in every case where it hat
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 and hi invaluable in all diseases of the flesh.
 Obstinate Ulcere, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 "UfT* ofpntn and all inflammation, sad cured
 tamiiiittly by s tee use of gioaa’e Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Moan’s Ototmt tee no oqual. It relieves all pels to a
 flnr minutes, and teals rapidly, without leaving a scar 4
 fIOALD HEAD.
 Avery moo of this troublesome complaint con bo cored
 with Skua's Qtement, if the directions are MrictlyfbL
 reWNh
 FILES.
 Son's Otaumtot affords immediate relief and bu eared
 tOAnds af earns offer all other remedies had Ailed.
 CROUP.
 jteapprmei of ho rattle, ean be Immedtololy arrested
 by a free ooe ef ■sea’s Ointment.
 UAT.B ÜBin
 Sage’s Ointment removes all Inflammation from ite
 •ealp, consequently a vigorous growth of hair foUewe.
 SORB THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Son Breasts,
 Diseases of the Eye, Ague in the Face, Rheumatic Faina,
 Contracted Cords, Pam in the Side, Back, and otter parts
 of the system, Boils, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every
 Mnd of sore containing the least particle of Inflammation
 ore permanently cured by this great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It te n/ter. authenticated ten, as well aa all arm Ite
 State, ana indeed the whole western states, that Moan's
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re-
 potation, to which they an justly entitled by their “AeoMiy
 virtue* end powers. We are not among thorn who are
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comes aioam
 and hi this instance hove delayed our endonomeat wore
 wo here teen able to moke assurance double euro, not eady
 by tooting them personally ourselves, but from Ite Mere
 many of a numerous portion of the community living
 monad w.—THlineu Slobs, April IS, ISM.
 STOPPED THE NAUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. 20th 1889.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 hut, my band began to swell badly, and caused see
 very great suffering. The swelling daily iasreaaed
 and extended up my arm to the shoulder, and sffict
 ed me so much as to render me incapable of rotate
 i-tof any food in my stomach. I had the attaadaacd
 of an eminent physician, and every thing was tries
 that promised relief, until it seemed an though I
 could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture at the ooUeilntion «i a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was npptind te tea
 arm and hand, and also over the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nines!; madia
 28 or 30 minutes, the pain in my arm and hand waa
 so far relieved, that I lell into a quiet einmter, fbr
 the first time in about two weeks. The tend waa
 several times laid o|«n with the Lancet before your
 Ointment was applied, without affording aay relief;
 but from the time I began to use your Oiatmwt up
 on it, tlie sore discharged freely, and my has 4 and
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly teat
 time. The speedy relief from the woadefkl suffer
 ing* which 1 experienced, induoes me to send yuu
 this testimonial that others similarly afftetod may
 know the value of your Ointment in suek mow
 F or aay further particulars, you are at liharty te re
 fer to me, MRS. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 I certify’that the above statement is true.
 (JOHN MURRAY.
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUNTY
 To all whom this may come, or in any way eoaemuc
 J|This is to certify that I applied W. B. Stem’s
 alve to my horse’s mouth when it was vary had
 with Black Tongue or Cancer—so bud te cmM
 not eat; and in two hours he eat as wall as ivw.
 And Igfurther certify that it is a good modi of oo for
 human]flesh, cuts and bruises.
 M O. B. CROFF, M. B.
 Oct. 29th 1880.
 ’SLOAN’S*
HORSE OINTMENT
 Rig EARNED A ORBIT NAME. 1
 For Parity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it excels, and hi now sss
 perceding all other Ointments and Linimont%
 for the oure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do
 mestic Animals. A free use of this OkttßMt
 cures immediately all
 Fresh Wounds aad Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its eflbats are per
 fectly magical in the oore of these Injuries,
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that seas*
 pares wife Sloans Ointment.
 Wind Galls. Callus and Crooked Heals,
 Art cared at onoe by fee ass of Sleufe
 Ointment, if the directions are followed.
 Spavin, Sweeney and Bingbono.
 No mistake about curing permanently a&amp;
 these Complaints by a faithful application at
 Sloan’s Ointment.
 Fistula, Poll Hvdl and TMstsmpsg.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 ■ever fail to restore the animal sooud aa
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet. 1
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the ours of Foondsr sad
 Contracted Feet. The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of fee hoofs, remove ridges, seAn
 and toughen the feet, aad th# Condition Pow
 der is certain to remove all internal Fever and
 llfhere,
 or Gruses and Mange.
 The only infhllible Remedy for these Com
 -i-tow- is Kean’s Ointment, It cures whs*
 aQofeer Remedies fail,
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to sure
 eases of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Rot of Abeam
 and injuries in fee feet of other animals.
 «7*For further Particulars and aJEuM-
 Prmmrtd amd Bold, Wkmmomto end JUfed
 otAopromd Hopot,4o Lmko Stroot,
 W B. am AM
