Horrors of ths Slave System.
 A roost twful and premeditated murder wai
 perpetrated in this county on last Tuesday
 the 25th ult. Mr. John Dixcn, who lives ii
 the immediate vicinity of Col. Bridges, in thi
 westerly pait of this county, left home tha
 morning on a visit to his father, leaving hii
 wife and two children. On returning in th&lt;
 evening, he found his youngest child (an in
 fant) laying in the bed, but his wife and
 eldest were absent. Suspecting thst some
 thing was wrong, he gave the alarm, and the
 neighbors immediately rallied and commenced
 search for Mrs. D. and her child. About IS
 o’clock that night, she was found about a
 quarter of a mile from home, horribly mur
 dered, her skull broke, and her head having
 the appearance of having been heat in with a
 club. An end of a large suck was found near
 the body, broken, which is supposed to have
 been done by the poor unfortunate woman, in
 her struggles to save her life.
 From the same paper we also copy the
 following fuller account of this terrible event:
 Since the time when the midnight murder
 of Dr. Lnnggon and family cent a thrill of
 horror through this community, no event his
 created deeper soirow and more pervading in
 dignation than the assassination, on Tuesday
 list, of Mrs. Maiy Dixon, wife of John
 Dixon, and her infant child, at her residence
 in the neighborhood of Win. Budges, Etq
 by Haley, a negro man belonging to Mr. E.
 Thompson. Having been summoned on the
 coroner’s jury, we went in peison to the scene
 of the horrible tragedy, saw the mutilated
 body of the murdered woman, the severed
 throat of her infant, and witnessed, without
 regret, the summary and terrible, but still in
 adequate expiation of his triple and atrocious
 ti
 On Tuesday morning, Mr. Dixon, uncon
 scious of ihe awful doom impending over his
 family, started from home in quest of cattle.
 His little son, an artless child-a few months
 over two years old, started fondly after him,
 pursaing him some distance, unnoticed by the
 father and undiscovered by the mother. Mrs.
 Dixon soon missed the boy, went after him,
 and called to him to ieturn. She was then
 approached by the brutal villain, Haley, who
 at once offered such indignities as the virtue
 and pride of civilized women resents and re
 sists, even at the peril of life. She repelled
 the advances of the bestial monster, yielding
 neither to threats or disgusting importunities,
 when he felled her to the earth. An outrage
 too abhorrent for mention—an outrage that
 stirs to unappeasable indignation evety manly
 and sympathetic feeling in the human breast
 —was then perpetrated upon the person of
 his victim by the incarnate demon. She
 asked, at the hands of the fiend, life—life,
 that she might prepare for her solitary re
 maining hope—a refuge for her crushed
 •piiil in Heaven But the ruffian heeded
 her not; he spurned the prayer of the wile
 injured beyond reparation,and beat heron the
 head with pine limbs and stabbed her until
 she died The infant was
 found about thirty steps from Ihe mother, its
 throat cut twice with long, deep gashes.
 When Haley was arrested, his clothes
 were stained with hlood, and the wretch at
 tempted and did throw away his knife. Af
 ter being aevetely w hipped, he made the an
 nexed confession. His implication of the boy,
 Paul, is entirely discredited by the citizens in
 the neighborhood, various circumstances
 strongly tending to the exculpation of the
 latter.
 On Thursday about two hundred persons
 were assembled, including rnany ladies. The
 guilt of Haley waß too manifest for doubt;
 anJ while indignation was at its height, and
 the blood curdled at the vivid recollection oi
 the unexampled atrocity, it was proposed
 that Haley be burned to death. To this
 proposition there was not a single dissentient,
 if we except thj officers of the law, who, in
 compliance with their swum duty, protested
 against the illegality of the act. All were
 eager for the iosiaui and signal punishment of
 the worse than murdeier. Accordingly he
 was borne to a tree, chained to it, and sur
 rounded with light and other wood.
 It is worthy of remaik that the slaves
 present evinced commendable abhorrence of
 the crime and the criminal, and assisted with
 alacrity in his punishment. We will not
 dwell upon the horrors of the monstei’s death
 scene, nor do we deem it necessary to utter a
 word extenuaiive of the violation of law
 which the punishment involved. It was a
 lawless act, but who will say it was not jusi
 —who will urge that they, under the same
 cilcumstances, would have acted in a differ
 ent manner 1 Never have we been, and, we
 trust, never shall we be, the abettor of mobs,
 or the advocate of mob law. In the instance
 under consideration, however, we have no
 censures to indulge. But in simple justice,
 we would observe, that those who participa
 ted in burning the negro, in pom of respecta
 bility and character, would rank favorably
 with the same number of citizens in any com
 munity or State.
 P. S. The negro man, Haley was put to
 death by burning on the spot where he com
 mitted the murders, at 10 o’clock on last
 Tnuisday, in the presence of nearly two hun
 dred ladies and gentlemen.
 The confession is omitted.— Paulding
 (Miss Courier.
[From Euriu’* Christian Ciiiien.]
 Geoige Thompson.
 This eloquent, earnest, and high-sou’ed
 Bru ah Republican has been lecturing for ihe
 lest fortnight in New York State, and disa
 busing with the glory of his genius and dis
 pelling with the candor of his presence the
 prejudices which many melancholy specimens
 of American newspaper editors have produced
 in the public mind, by the malicious inven
 lion ol disgusting falsehoods. He has been
 to Syracuse, to Auburn, and to Rochester,
 where his advent had been heralded by the
 snake-like hisses of presses which defame lib
 erty aad degrade literatuie and he had only
 to speak to the thousands who came to see
 and hear him, in order to bid the big tears of
 sympathy, and words of kindly greeting,
 ■tart fonh from their generous hearts to give
 him welcome. George Thompson has been
 twice publicly insulted since his arrival here
 last winter, and both times it was by antici
 pation; both times he was denied a hearing.
 The mercantile boya of Boston, and the Re
 publican'’ inob of Springfield, Ephesian-like,
 drowned the voice «t this Paul of Christian
 liberty with the howls of Great is our
 Diana of the Union,” belore they had heard
 from hit own lips au exposition of his princi
 ples, or avowal of his opinions. But wher
 ever he has been grained the right of free
 speech, he haa dispelled the prejudices of his
 auditors, and been greeted as a true Ameri
 can and a faithful Man.
 In proportion aa the enemies of liberty ful
 minate their vituperationa against George
 Thompson, the friends of freedom in this j
 country take courage from his example, at
 this gloomy crisis. At no time in the history
 of liberty was moral courage ever more ne
 cessary than it is to the freemen of this land
 now; and a bold, tiusting, faithful, fearless
 exemplar, to whom the people may look,
 and irorn whose example and eloquence they
 may take courage, is at this day beyond all
 piice. George Thompson’* intrepid con
 duct, aa he calmly and peacefully obeys the
 mandate of his Lord, and preaches freedom
 to the captive in the name of Jesus, cannot
 but operate aa an inspiration to every one
 who, in view of freedom’s present travail in
 the United States, faints and grows aad of
 spirit.
 God bless thee, bold heart! God hies*
 thee, true row! Speed on the mission!
 Thou hast beard she voices of the oppressed,
 From many as icy river,
 From many s palmy plain,
 Call ou thee to deliver
 Tbeir limb* from (ailing chain*
 and, faithful to tbs call, thou hast obeyed.
 The threat of the murderer, and the uplifted
 hand of the assassin, have never caused thee
 to falter in thy courae, or to forget thy sa
 cred duty. Liberty, pure, holy liberty, goee
before thee like a pillar nf fire and with thy
 eye fixed on her glorious presence, then doet
 proclaim her lawe to the world. When the
 biographer of George Thompson wiites hie
 history, he will find that not the least coura
 geous manly, and eflectirepart of his life
 was spent in the United States of America of
 1850 and 1851. J. B. S.
Her new U. 8. Senator—B. F. Wade.
 Cleveland, Ohio, March 17.
 The great struggle is at least over, and
 Ohio has a Whig Senator, in the person of
 Benjamin F. Wade, a citizen of the Western
 Reserve and and a descendant of the Puri
 tans. 2&gt;&lt;nu Deo! ws say, for preserving us
 from the lender mercies, of “Ohio Democra
 cy, and giving us a man who does not be
 lieve that true progress consists in pulling
 down everything erected by those who have
 gone before.
 If you have read the debates of the Con
 stitutional Convention, (and if you have, you
 would be a curiosity in these parts,) you will
 have seen the destructive radicalism of the
 leaders of the Loco-Foco party in this State.
 Had they succeeded, they would have
 given us a Constitution whose defeat would
 have been certain. This was only prevented
 by the votes of a few moderate men of their
 own party, and who for their independence
 have been denounced without measure.
 Our new Senator, never having filled the
 “sounding trump of fame,” demands some
 notice at out hands.
 He was born at West Springfield, Mass.,
 Oct. 27, A.D. 1800, and removed to Ohio
 in the Fall of 1821, settling in the County
 of Ashtabula.
 In 1823 he wttpt to the State of New-York
 1 —7 l Snrino of
 Alter his return he still continued to teach
 and at the s'hme time pursued his law studies
 in the office of Elisha Whittlesey, until he was
 admitted to the Bar.
 In 1828 he formed a co-partnership with
 Mr. Giddings, wh eh continued until 1837.
 In the same Fall he was elected to the
 Senate of Ohio, and there signalized himself
 bv a Report and Speech against the Annexa
 tion of Texas.
 He was nominated by the Whigs for the
 Senate, but was defeated by tho “Silver
 Grays” of that day, on the ground that he
 was too much of an Anti-Slavery man.
 In 1841 he triumphed over all opposition,
 and was again returned to the Senate, where
 he made a most cogent speech against the
 iniquitous “Black Laws,” to long a disgrace
 to our Statute-Book.
 At the expiration of his term he refused to
 serve again, and was elected Judge Borne
 two years since, which office he fills with
 ability and dignity. lam informed that he
 is for Land Kefoim, in favor of Homestead
 Exemption, and will, I have no doubt, be
 lound fighting shoulder to shoulder with
 those few Philanthropists in the Senate who
 are urging forwatd the first-named great
 measure.
 Upon the question of the odious Fugitive
 Law, he is all we could desire. But here I
 prefer he should speak far himself, and
 give you a part of a speech made by him
 last fall at Ravenna, and which was published
 at the time in the Ravenna Star:
 “Judge Wade fairly electrified the audi
 ence by the earnestness and energy with
 which he denounced the Fugitive Law and
 all who had a part in inflicting it upon us.
 He said he had always been a Wing—was
 still a Whig—but there were consideiations
 which rose far above parly and party in
 fluences, and he for one was prepared to unite
 with any men or any party in opposition to
 this Law.”
 “He condemned in the strongest terms
 W higs and Democrats who aided in the
 passage of the law by their votes, or by dodg
 ing rebuked with energy and spirit both
 Fillmore and Crittenden, and visited Daniel
 Webster with the most withering denuncia
 tions. He said the law, bristling like a
 porcupine with pains and penalties, was the
 most in famous enactment known to the
 Statute Books of this country, arid such as
 even the corrupt Governments of the Old
 World could not pass without driving their
 people to revolution. Fot himself, regardless
 of fines and imprisonment, if called upen, he
 would grant to the Fugitive Slave the writ
 of habeas corpus."
 The cause of Freedom has no firmer friend
 in Ohio than B. F. Wade, and we send him
 to the Senate as a most worthy compeer of
 your own Seward, whose friends in Ohio,
 let me say. are neither few nor far between.
 N. Y. Tribune.
Fugitive Slave Law.
 At a meeting of the Barbadaes Anti
 Slavery Society, held on the 7lh of January
 the following Resolutions with reference to
 the Fugitive Slave Law, were adopted
 I. That in the opinion of this Committee,
 the maintenance of slavery is repugnant to
 the Divine law, unjust to the slaves held in
 bondage, dangerous to the community in
 which the system is upheld, and demoralizing
 10 the parties claiming pioperty in their fel
 low-men.
 2 That the legislation of ihe United States
 Government on the question of slavery, and
 the horrors perpetrated under the protection
 of that legislation, demand the indignant and
 unqualified reprobation ol the civilized world.
 3. That the Fugitive Slate Bill recently
 enacted by the United Stales Government,
 by which the condition of the slaves and
 free-colored people in all ihe Stales is ren
 dered intolerable—the lives of theone placed
 at the mercy of reckless men, and the liberty
 of .he other subject to the captice of preju
 diced and covetous men-hunters— is such an
 outrage upon humanity, and violation of every
 moral obligation, as cannot fail to draw
 down the just indignation of Christian men
 in all parts of the world.
 4. Tint the colored population of the
 United States (free and slave) are entitled lo
 the lively sympathy and solace of the friends
 of freedom everywhere, and that it is the
 earnest desire of this Committee that the
 efforts making to obtain the repeal of the ini
 quitous Fugitive Slave Bill may soon be
 crowned with success.
 5. That the Committee hope, not only for
 the repeal of this law, but for the abolition
 of the disgraceful and unjust practice which
 obtains in the slave States, of confining in
 prison natives of this and other countries ar
 riving therein, on account of the accident of
 complexion, and of all the enactments by
 which the abominible institution is main
 tained.
 That with the view of demonstrating our
 sympathy and solace with the colored popu
 lation of the United Stales, public meetings
 be held in the city, nod such of the rural
 parishes as may be practicable, and pecuniary
 contributions solicited, received, and lorward
 to the Ami-Slavery Society of America, to
 aid such fugitives as ate in need of assistance,
 to escaping from the operatiou of this most
 iniquitous law.
 7. That copies of the foregoing resolutions
 be forwarded to the Parent Society in Eng
 land, to the American Anti-slavery Society,
 and to ihe several auxiliaries in the neigh
 boring colonies.”
Pittsburgh, March 14th.—The first
 fugitive slave ease in ibis city arose yester
 day before Judge Thomas Irwin of the U. S.
 Circuit Court for the Western District. The
 fugitive’s mave is Richard Gardner, the pm
 t«riy of Mrs. R. Myers, of Louisville. He
 was arrested last evening.
 The case was ably argued by counsel on
 both sides, and the Judge remanded the slave
 back to his owner. The affair created but
 mtle excitement.
 Two fugitives arrived at Brownsville.
 Pa., on Monday last. Their case is before
 a Commissioner. No decision has yet been
 *i»eo.
 Whme i) Marshal Devem's Card, deny
 ing the naval kidnapping expedition. We
 will prim it gratis --Cimmonwaltk,
p [Correspondence of the N. T. Tribune.]
 t If amber of Fugitive Slave*, accordiag to
 the Cento* Retarot,
 Washington, March 15.
 A very gTeat degtee of misunderstanding
 j undoubtedly exists with reference to the
 number of Fugitive Slaves escaping and re
 maining permanently at tbe North. Through
 the polite permission of the gentlemanly and
 efficient Superintendent of the Census, Hon.
 J. C. O. Kennedy, I was enabled to glance
 over the census returns for two or three houn
 to day, for the purpose of ascertaining what
 figures they might show in reference to this
 particular. The law requires a return of the
 number of absconding and not returning with
 in a year; it also requires a return of the
 (number manumittted within the same period.
 There are appropriate columns, No, 6 and 7
 of Schedule No. 2, headed Slave Popula
 tion, for both of these objects. In looking
 over sevvral districts of Maryland, Virginia,
 Kentucky, Georgia and Florida, I found an
 aggregate of 33 runaways. Of these 38
 were from Maryand. From Virginia 2,
 Georgia 2, Florida 1, Kentucky none. In
 the same Districts, I found that 101 Staves
 had been manumitted within a year. Out 4 of
 this number set at libeity 96 belonged to
 those Districts in Maryland which have lost
 nearly the whole number (28) of runaways
 which I wft enabled to find.
 It must bo understood that this was an
 examination of merely a few Dictncts, which,
 however, were fairly selected and would be
 likely to pre-ient no very unfair sample of
 the whole. The subject can and will be
 pursued further. It is woith remark that in
 one country in Gorgia containg 2.000 mort
 Slaves than free inhabitants of every desciip
 iinn them had hopn hut ,s» aiiyila ron%v«v.
 slaves than whites, and from the recollection
 of Clerks who have looked over the re
 turns of that State ii does not appear that
 she loses a runaway ofiener than once in a
 little age. The public impression as to the
 number of fugitives which may have been at
 any time or that now remain in the North, is
 undoubtedly immensely exaggerated. That
 there are many free in the Northern Cities
 who run at the sound of a Southerner’s foot
 step for fear of b«ing unable to prove their
 freedom, there cannot be a doubt, and to this
 circumstance is owiug the etroneous impres
 sion which ha* got abroad. The fact that
 scarce a dozen have been claimed under the
 late law is strongly in proof of the inference
 to be drawn from these statements,
 \Vouter Von Twiller.
Busy Bodies.
 That distinguished recreant to the faith of
 freedom, Rev. Dr. Cox, of Brooklyn, whose
 enthusiastic endorsement of George Thomp
 son, in a letter to Dt. Morrison, we copied
 the other day, has recently been indulging in
 a very different strain. By virtue of South
 srn eye-salve, he is now able to discover in
 the scriptures not only a very different doc
 trine in regard to slavery, but a t*»xt which
 should have prevented George Thompson
 from coming *o this country to open his lips
 in regard to any of our affairs. We gather
 our information from the New York Express,
 which has the following Commonwealth.
 Rev. Dr. Cox, of Brooklyn, was urged by
 one hundred and twenty of the most respect
 able and intelligent citizens of Rochester, on
 Friday last, to address them upon the bles
 sings of the American Union, and the evil in
 fluences which have of Jate been exerted to
 weaken tltose bands which bind our country
 men together. The invitation was declined
 in a long and characteristic letter, in which,
 among other things, Dr. Cox says
 Was n by the ravings of pas
 sion, or the pragraaticalness of busybodics
 [Our duties always result from out rela
 tions and hence to separate them, and make
 our duties as if resulting from the relations
 of others, is confused in thought, retrograde
 in action, and false in argument. Hence the
 Bible puts busybodies in other men's matters in
 a very proper predicament, by sorting them
 with murderers, thieves, and evil doers of ev
 ery infamous description. See Peter, 4 15.]
 in other men's matters, or the imported impu
 dence of loreigneis coming among us, with
 John Bull's self-complacent effrontery, to
 teach the natives some of his own elegant
 ideas? Or, was it by any of the orgies ol
 treason, conspiring against the integrity ol
 our National Union, on the real principle of
 DOING EVIL THAT GOOD MIGHT COME —NEVER
 The classes of persons thus obnoxious
 to our censure ate surely the grandest ob
 structions, at this moment, to the real good of
 the country and the best interests to our col
 ored population.
 4 Non tali auxilio nec defensoribus istii,
 Tempo* eget.’
 Heaven save us from such aid asjheirs! The
 times disown alike their services and crimes.”
 Anti-Slavery Feeling in Kentucky.—
 The Maysvilh Ky., Eagle publishes the
 following resolutions adopted at a meeting of
 citizens of Lewis Co., in that Slate. The
 with them the names of
 many prominent citizens who participated in
 the proceedings of the meeting from which
 the resolutions emanated. The hold and
 manly expression of these Kentuckians stand*
 m striking contrast with the conduct of north
 ern dough-faces and their organs vide the
 Rochester Advertiser.
 The ievolutions are in the following
 words:
 Whereas, In the letter of Ex Governor
 Metcalf io Mr. Foote, the former in speaking
 •if the Fugitive Slave Bill, assumes that
 Kentucky, with an unbounded unanimity,
 will regard its repeal by the General Govern
 ment, as a dissolution of the Union.
 Resolved, That the opinion of a slave
 holder, as is Gov. Metcalf, or of the 31,000
 slaveholders of Kentucky, can in no fair
 sense be regarded as the opinion of the 600,-
 000 non-slaveholders of our Slue.
 Resolved, That we shall be happy to be
 furnished with the evidence by which the
 Ex-Governor learned the views of the non
 slaveholders in advance of their having ex
 pressed them.
 Resolved, That, bo far as we are informed,
 intelligent and influential nori-slaveholders re
 gard the Fugitive Slave Bill as unconstitu
 tional and anti-Christian.
 Resolved, That the admiration which we
 feel for free institutions leads us to believe
 that the North will remain firm in its purpose
 of repealing this bill in a legal manner, and
 that it will be as much opposed at the South
 as at the North when the light shines ts
 abundantly here as it does there.-* Roch. Datlv
 Herald.
 Immunities of Slavery.
 The Butlington (Vt.) Courier, in s long
 and spirited article on Commissioner Ingra
 ham's summsiy proceedings in the Gibson
 case, says:
 It is only slavery, reeking with the blood of
 innocent victims, and mocking at the fine
 words of our Liberty’s Charter, that is sacred
 in this Government! Every thing and every
 body else must wait, and he buffeted, and
 made to go through their regular forms to get
 their rights. But that! Oh don’t touch it,
 unless to help it. Does it not rend the suck
 ing babe from the poor, helpless mother that
 bore it? Does it not scatter, to widely separ
 ated scenes of agony, stripes and toil, the little
 knot of beings, who, bound together by the
 •ies of blood snd affection, have dared to call
 themaelvea a family? Dues it not bid virtue
 yield to lust, weakness to tyranny, innocence
 to the bloody whip or red hot searing iron?
 Does it not lay its curse upon knowledge, like
 the tyrannies of the old world, and put forth
 ill strength to whelm in utter darkness snd
 unconscious degradation, the deathless spirits
 »f its victims? Does it not bluster and swap
 «r snd browbeat all who aueslion its tight?
 And does it not hold in its hspd the destinies
 •»f flunkies And shall the members of such
 «n 44 institution be compelled, like common
 n&lt; n, to await the alow process of law, to re
 cover their aaesped chattels’ Forbid it, spirit
 of oor Fathers! Forbid it, Justice Fotbld it,
 righteous Hearonl t
U. S. Senator from Ohio.—Weannounce
 with no common pleuate tbe election of s
 Whig U. S. Senator from Ohio for six years
 from the 4ih inat. Benjamin F. Wade, of
 Ashtabula county, and hitherto Judge and
 member of tbe Legislature, was elected on
 s Saturday by a decided vote. Three votes
 were taken by the Legislature in joint ballot
 on Friday and a fourth on Saturday, with
 I the following results
 Ist. sid. 3d. 4th.
 s Thomas Corwin, (Whig) 3#
 i Henry B. Payne, (Whig) 39 34 33 34
 i Milton Sutliff, (F. S.) 9 7 7
 i Scattering, 912 10 7
 Benj. F. Wade, (Whig) 30 44
 Samuel J. Andrews, (Whig) 32
 So Benjamin F. Wade was elected—tbe
 first U. S. Senator from tbe Western Reserve
 within our recollection.
 Judge Wade is a Free Soil Whig and a
 determined opponent of the Fugitive Slave
 Law, but has never perceived that bia Free
 Soil pnnciples could be promoted by aban
 doningjand opposing Whig party, of
 which he was recently a candidate in oppo
 sition to the Free Soil party, which carries
 all before it in his section. He waa an early
 and decided supporter of General Taylor for
 Prasident, yet he is now elected by the aid
 of the Free Soil votes. We venture to say
 that the National Administration will find no
 firmer, no heartier aupporter of all its mea
 sures based on old-fashioned Whig principles
 than Judge Wade; while foi any aid it may
 want in the way of Slave-catching it may
 look with confidence to the ranks of its pro
 luicat adversaries, to whom the business it
 more congenial. We presume there will be
 no present lack of help in that line.— N. Y.
 Tribune
 tencv, s jeweMVJr* FillmoS
 does not sport in his piesidentisl hat, or upon
 any part of his presidential person. For look
 you—Elwood Fisher publishes _ daily in
 Washington City—that is, s daily issue oil
 sedition. South Carolina does pretty much
 as South Carolinapleases upon the matter ol
 law and Union. For instance, a self-const i
 tuted committee wait upon a citizen from
 Boston, and request him to lease. He has
 been guilty of no crime, but he is suspected
 of not aproving ihe “peculiar institution.”
 Our friend from Boston has to move, or he
 wid shortly see the interior of a prison and
 he has his choice between the jail and a quick
 removal.
 To these little violations of the Constitu
 tion, President Fillmore shuts his saintly
 eyes—slops his indignant nose—he sees no
 outrage—he smells no treason.
 Boston in leturn, declines permitting a citi
 zen of the South to return to his sunny home;
 and, forthwith, Piesident Fillmore, rising in
 indignation, issues a proclamation so fierce
 one would suppose we were about entering
 upon a war with Spain, Portugal and a‘part
 of Turkey.
 Poor darkies —it is so easy to impose upon
 them. It is so brave to trample deeper into
 the earth the worm that cannot turn and
 sting. Brave Fillmore—immortal Accidency
 —when you havj crushed Shadrack when,
 after you have brought the vast power of the
 National Government to bear upon the
 writhed fugitive, flying from chains and
 whips, you cannot, perhaps, eat with the
 same appetite, or rest as calmly at night; but
 then you will be immortal, and that is some
 thing.— Cin. Nonpareil.
An Apt Illustration.—The Norfolk,
 Massachusetts, Democrat repeats an illustra
 tion of Mr. Culver, of Washington county,
 in his Address in the Trement Temple of the
 bargain in Congress at the last session—that
 is, if tlie South could have the Compromise
 measures carried through, the North was to
 have a Tariff. He said there was a boy in
 his neighborhood, after having eaten a full
 meal, who had a spaniel dog that was very
 hungry He took a cracker, and, holding it
 up, told the d«&gt;g if he wanted it, to stand up.
 The dog stood up. “Now,” said the boy,
 “sit down.” The dog sat down. “Now
 rollover.” The dog rolled over. “Now
 speak.” The dog spoke. Then turning
 round, the boy put the cracker in his pocket,
 saying,—“l shall want that to make him do
 it again.” So Tar ff. After carry
 ing all the obnoxious measures, the South
 turns coolly round, kills the bill and says,
 “We shall want that to make them roll in
 the mud again.” —Niagara Courier.
Ihe Contrast.—The Maryland Authori
 ties, with sad vindictiveness of spirit, offer
 sii&gt;,ooo, the forfeited bail of Gen. Chaplin,
 ior his arrest and delivery in Maryland.
 Is the spirit of slavery insatiate? Must it
 have everything? Shall revenge sit like a
 burning fiend over it, and glut itself with the
 blood ot Freemen Torrey died in a Mary
 land Prison, and now the cry is, for Chaplin.
 Yet the same Telegraph which announces
 this decision, announces the fact, that the Au
 thorities of Maryland have invited Mr. Web
 ster to a Grand Dinner at Annapolis, and that
 he has accepted. For what? If it were lo
 cherish the principle* on which the Union is
 based, or to strengthen them, we should re
 joice. But thin is not the object.—That is to
 sirengthen slavery and for this, and for little
 else, the Sovereign Authority of the State,
 w ould make a great ado over the Compro
 mise and Fugitive Law.
 We know not where the spirit of the North
 is, that these things are so quietly acquiesced
 in.— Cleveland True Democrat.
Baltimore, March 25—P.M.
 1 understand that it is the intention of Gov.
 Lowe to demand Wm. L. Chaplin’s delivery
 ;o ihe officers of Maryland, as a Fugitive from
 Justice, and that he is now awaiting until his
 whereabouts can be ascertained. The $lO,OOO
 bail, which was forfeited, is not enough, in
 the opinion of the slaveholders; they must, it
 possible, have his person, on which they can
 wreak their petty malice and vindictiveness.
 Whether the authorities will give him up re
 mains to be seeu—although he will be de
 manded on a charge of assault with intent to
 kill the officers who arrested him in his car
 riage, in Montgomery County. Pistols, you
 will recollect, were fired from the vehicle.—
 Cor. of the 'Tribune.
Honorary Members.—Henry Clay and
 Millard Fillmore have been constituted
 life members of the American Board of Com
 missioners for foreign missions. The contri
 bution for this object was by Anson G. Phelps,
 Esq., of New York. What an accession to
 the moral power of the Board! Clay and
 Fillmore members of a Missionary Society
 Would it not be well for Mr. Clay to use his
 influence, as a member of ihe Board, to have
 missionary sent to his own plantation in
 Kentucky. —Free Presbyterian.
 Our neighbor should remember that these
 honorable gentlemen are made honorary mem
 bers of the Board. The design was to honor
 Christianity, not to do such dirty work as to
 visit plantations,—to convert niggers.— L,
George Thompson—and Churls* Van-
 Loon—-the American Thompson.— A cor
 respondent of the American Baptist, speaking
 of the eloquence of George Thompson says:
 My* anticipations were more than real
 ized, although 1 was aware Lord Brougham
 had said of him, that he is the most elo
 quent man in England, in or out of Parlia
 ment.” On first scanning his features and
 hearing him speak, the remembrance of our
 ■nueh beloved and lamented Charles Van
 Loon was revived in my mind, and I could
 but sorrow anew that our American Thomp
 son trad so early been taken by an ioaorutable
 Providence from the moral battle-field.
 Ctaai the FceirtP*.—Mill »n Clark, the
 white slave, and soa of a Revolutionary sol
 dier, who was forced to flee from Boston to
 escape an arrest by the slave hunters, is now
 in the interior of Vermont, she wing up the
 abomination* of the fugitive slave law. His
 owner aaked $6OO for him, which earn wtU
 he forwarded to the owner in It few days.—
 N- Y, Evangiiut,
The Dinner to Mr. Macready. —The
 dinner to Mr. Macready on March 1, was a
 splendid affair. Aboat 600 gentlemen, in
 cluding the most distinguished men of letters
 and artists, and several members of the diplo
 matic corps, were present. Sir E. Bulwer
 Ljlton took the Chair. Speeches were made
 by tbs Chairman, Mr. Dickon*, Chevalier
 Bunson, Mr. John Forster, Sir C. East! site,
 Mr. Thackeray, Mr. Charles Kemble and
 others. Mr. Forster read the following Son
 net, sent f n the occasion by Mr. Tennyson:—
 N. Y. Tribune.
 Farewell, Macready, since to-night we pert;
 Full-bended tliuudere often Lave confessed
 Thy power well used to move the public breast.
 We thank thee, with one voice, and from the heart.
 Farewell, Macready, since this night we pert.
 Go, take thine honors home: rank with tike best,
 Garrick, and suite tier Kemble, end the rest
 Who made a nation purer through their art.
 Thine ia it, that our Drama did not die,
 Nor flicker down to brainless Pentomine,
 And those guilt gauds men-children swarm to see.
 Farewell, Macready: moral,giave, sublime;
 Our Shakspear’s bland and universal eye [thee.
 Dwells pleased, through twice a hundred years, on
A Good Hit. —Rev. Wm. Warren, the
 Orthodox clergymen of Upton, Mass., was
 requested, a few days since, to sign a petition
 lo Congress for the repeal of the fugitive
 slave law. He took the document remarking
 I shall probably be conaidered pro-slavery
 if I do not’’—and I wrote upon it aa follows
 Wm. Warren, if all can be done in good
 faith to the Constitution.”
 The next person called upon to sign it,
 wrote:—“ H. D. Johnson, 4 if all can be
 done m good faith to the Constitution,” for I
 wish to serve God so as not to offend the
 Devil!' Commonwealth.
v in/"* m ta
 nas been the guest of Gerrit Smith. For the
 firet time, these two great a good men
 have met each other. It is needless to say
 that they were happy in the society of each
 other, for they are kindred spirits. To each
 of them may be applied the lauguage of Job.
 Wlien the ear heard me, then it blessed
 me, when the eye saw me, it gave witness to
 me, because 1 delivered the poor that cried,
 and him that bad none to help him.”— Cor.of
 the Liberator,
Fugitive Cask at Northampton. —An
 attempt at a I ugitive Slave Case was made
 at Northampton last week. A fugitive slave
 girl, living in a family in the town, alleged
 that she had seen her master twice in the
 street; and that he had at first asked her to
 return with him to the South, and afterwards
 threatened to compel her lo go back. Subse
 quent to this allegation, the girl appeared
 terrified and distressed, and finally measures
 were taken to remove her to a place of
 safety.— N. Y. Evangelist.
Sympathy for Fugitives in the West
 Indies. —A despatch has been sent to the
 Bermuda House of Assembly recommending
 that inducements' be held out for fugitive
 slaves from the United States to settle in the
 West India Islands. At a meeting of citizens
 in Bermuda resolutions were passed denounc
 ing the I ugitive Slave Law and expressing
 sympathy for the unfortunate fugitives.—
 Tract. Christian.
Philadelphia, March 28.—A fugitive
 slave has been arrested in the interior of the
 State, under a warrant from Commissioner
 Ingraham. It will be brought up to-morrow
 for the adjudication of the claim.
North Star Fair.
 The North Star Fair Association
 will hold their Annual Fair for the North
 Star newspaper during Anniversary week in
 May next.
 All who are desirous of sustaining that
 paper are respectfully solicited to contribute.'
 The Association consider it an efficient Anti-
 Slavery agency—one which aims a death
 blow at the foul system of slavery and now
 is the time its power should be felt. Slavery
 is oppressing us on every side, and we must
 be prepared for battle. Our weapon is
 Truth, and the North Star is well calculated
 to wield it. It can and will combat the
 enemy on every side, and therefore ought to
 be sustained. Then let us sustain it. The
 ladies of this Association ate determiued to
 exert their Influence in ii 3 behalf.
 Donations, either in money or will
 be thankfully received, and may be forwarded
 to the Directress or Secretary.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Directress, 6 Albany street.
 Fanny Tompkins, Sec., 180 Chuich at.
Receipts
 For the North Star, from the 27* of March, to
 the Sd of Apiil.
 Edward L. Philbreck 5,00
 A. Wyman 1,00
 Z. Hebard 1,00
 M. C, Daria 2,00
 P. Myers 2,00
 John H. Robinson 2,00
 I. S. Davis 50
 Ch tries Sacks! 1,00
 Oakley Richardson 2,00
 S. Grannie 1,00
 Benj. Platt 1,00
 A. Haley 2,00
 Seth Paine 2,00
 Lloyd Scott 2,90
 I. L Carpenter 2,00
 T. Bass 50
 P. W Van Housen 2,00
 Daniel Price 2,00
 S. Hopkins 1.00
 A. G. Wile man 1,00
 John Holmes 1,00
 Edgar Gregory 2,00
 L. Lusk 50
 W. G. M. Masters 1,00
 H. 11. Robins 1,00
 E. Sharpe 1,00
 E. A. Alherty 1,00
 Amelia Mills 2,00
 Owen Sibley 1,00
 Ira McXale 1,00
 I. A. Cleveland 2,00
 E. Beebee 1,00
 Lyman Halt 1,00
 M. Prink 1,00
 Tabor Colvin 1,00
VALUABLE TESTIMONY PROM THE
 SOUTH.
 We like, at all times, to give credit when credii
 is due and if at the saine time we can relieve the
 distressed, we are doubly grantifiei; we, therefore,
 give the following voluntary testimony as to benefi
 cial effects of Wistar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry
 by the editor of the Columbia, Mouth Carolinan,
 who appears to have obtained great relief by its
 use.—{Old Dominion, Portsmouth, Va.
 We seldom resort to patent medicines, having a
 great respect for the skill of the regular profession,
 immediately after the clow of the last session of
 the Legislature, when our lungs were almost dried
 up py the highly rarified atmosphere of our stove
 wanned Slate Houw. The Balsam immediately
 relieved us of a most harassing cough, which threat
 ened our health in a serious degree We feel that
 we are are indebted to it for some fifteen pounds of
 animal weight which addition once FEL r, cannot
 be forgotton.
 Caution.—The only genuine and original ar
 ticle, was first introduced in the year 1898. It has
 been well tested and appreciated for ten years, in all
 the complaints for which it has bees recommended,
 via:—Coughs, Colds, Influenza, Bronchitis, Asth
 ma, and Consumption, in its i.vr ipiea! ages.
 Remember the original an i on'y genuine Wistar’s
 Balsam of Wild Cherry, always bear* the name of
 I. BU ITS on the outside wrapper.
 For sale by Post It Willis; also by Wm.
 PtTSiN
 MORE EVIDENCE.
 Mt. Union, Stark Co., Ohio, Jan. 1,1850.
 Having used Sloan’s Condition Powders for
 most of the complaints for which it is recommended
 I have found it nf be what it professes to be, and
 can most oordially recommeoded it to others.
 In fifteen years’ experience, I have found its
 equal in cases of Distempers, Coughs of long stand
 ing and other diseases for whirh it is recommended.
 ■‘-“•'•-“f "mESow*-
 (0-See Sloan’s advertisement m another column.
 ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURES.
 rfHE TWO-FIRST LECTURES, delivered by
 1 Frederick Doueawc in Corinthian Hall, Roch
 eswr, are now published in one pamphlet; it is gut
 y'“» JT* •W n ‘V«£. Md WjVw &gt;1 "fee
2Utt&gt; ertistmenta.
Oiff Ladies. Take Atiice!
 I HATH iow on hi ..I and am constantly raanu
 fiicturiag, FKO.N i’ LANDS, to cover up the
 my hair, and bald places upon the front part ol the
 fiend and temples—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought ia the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 hnir black.
 09*Cash paid for Human Hair. ju 6—S*
PIE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of PennsylvHoia.located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 a.xi organise Unions throughout thu State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms fo. Charter, $5,
 Applications for Charters mart to made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 68
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S.tf. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds-and of all
 the Strange i'henonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Comnwnications Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 12|cts —10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A smalt capital of from 1 15 to 826 requiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified agai&gt; st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade tiall, Rochester, N. Y
Dental Surgery.
 I-KPUU«MMfll64lluafepUta ci ttzens of Rochester
 office trom No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwellii a
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl tor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are [de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester. Ort. 13. 1848.
The 014 Cii rosily Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, gratelnl for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 riends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, Weep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Cilen-Haren Water-Cure!!
 THIS Cure, so celebrated for its purity and soft
 ness of water, the salubrity of its climate, splendid
 scenery, beautiful lake, quiet location, is nou&gt; open
 for the tick, and is unsurpassed by any establiihmen
 ia the State.
 It has undergone thorough repair the past winter
 and will be conducted on the most scientific and
 skilful water-cure principles.
 Its Physician is James C. Jackson, M D. His
 associates are Mrs. L. E. Jackson, Miss T. Gil
 bert and Giles E. Jackson, all of whom have had
 great experience in their profession.
 Every effort will lie given by the Doctor and his
 associates to make the Glen pleasant to their
 guests and to restore them to health. No fee mil be
 charged, for examination.
 Persons wishing advice relative to treatment can
 have it.given them/ret of charge, by addressing the
 Physician, or his associates, through the Post Of
 fice, and paying the postage.
 TERMS:—Five or six dollars per week, (pay
 able weekly,) according to rooms, exclusive of
 washing or use of packing clothes. No extra prices
 charged unless so stated at time of entrance into
 the Cure.
 Our address is, Scott, Courtland Co., N. Y.
 JACKSON A GILBERT.
Our Israelltlsh Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Ancient Israel,j by Prof.
 ilson, England—American from the third
 London ed.tion. This work is designed to show
 that the inhabitants of the United States of Amer
 ica, England, and Moderan Nations of Europe, are
 the descendants of ibe ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 .hat the Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saxons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel were lost. In this book is
 published the objections raised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickeratitb, of the Church
 of England, together with the author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets to the truth respecting
 Ephraim and the whole house of Israel, that we are
 now come to the very time and place, and circum*
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 allot ds evidence that a key has been found to un
 lock the treasures of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to whom the promises are
 made, and the promised inheritance both oil earth
 and in heaveu, and shows how fully God Itad pro
 vided against all possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of what he hath purposed rejecting them.
 These works are tree from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to lie appreciated.
 U9* To be had of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, and ERAmTUS DARROW, corner Main
 and Mt. Paul streets.
 The Book Trade supplied on liberal terms.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 public, that lie has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 (toggles’ Water-Cure Establishment at Benaonville,
 2ft miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany .situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded (with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the dim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings ofler ail the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 rigs ou Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 somible expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufierersjwho may confide
 hemselves to him.
 From the New York Tribune,
 water-Cu R*.—ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, atNorth
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country oi
 Or. W. as a political refugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 tituiionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here,'will doubtless crowd
 with patienU the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
STOPED THE NAUSEA!
 Buf»a*.o, Sept. 26. 1390.
 r W. B. Sloan:—Sir—About the first of
 August last, my hand began to swell very badly,
 and caused me very great suffering. The swelling
 daily increased and extended up my arm to the
 shoulder, and affected me so much as to render me
 incapable of retaining any food in my stomach. 1
 had the attendance of an esteemed physician, and
 errey thing was tried that promised relief, until it
 seemed as though 1 could not surrire another day
 Attbis critical juncture, at the solicitation of a
 friend, ym*r valuable oiutiaent was applied to the
 arm and band, and also over the region of the atom
 acb. This immediately stopped the nausea, and in
 25 or 30m,notes the pain ,u my arm and hand was
 m far relieve.! that I fell into a quiet slumber for
 the first tune in about two weeks. The hand was
 was several times laid open with the lancet before
 your Ointment was applied, without aay relief:
 hut from the tune I began to use voer Oiatmeut
 upoa it the sore discharged freely, and my hand am*
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly short
 time. My spoady relief Horn the wonderful suffer
 ings wliioa I experienced, induce* me to saad you
 this testimonial, that others similiarly afflicted may
 toow the value of yoor Oiatmeut such cases.
 For any further particulars you are at liberty tore
 hr foam
 MBS. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 Ijoerufy’that dm above stalemeut is correct.
 aumwT.
Bt«tr&gt;B COLIHH.
All Medicines and Books adratiaad by
 W. P. Sloan are sold wholesale and rot ail,
 at the proprietor’* prices, at
 SLOAN’S MEDICINE DEPOT,
 United States Hotel Block, Torraoo Sliest,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and all orders for tho sam
 from the State of New York, Pennsylvania*
 Eastern Ohio sod the Canadas, must bo ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B MOREHOUSE, Travelling Aft.
 Sold by Post k W illis, Rochester; Ly
 man Beb«, Penfield; T. B. A W. Co*-
 nino, Webster; J. Van Buses, Fairpott;
 B. M. Glazier, Sweden Centro; Andrew
 Clark, Clarkson A. B. Raymond, Span
 ner port, and by Merchants, Druggists, 40.,ia
 nearly every town in United Suteajnod
 Canada.
SLOAN’S
FAMILY QINTMEN
 It Mild, Safe, Thorough, and the greatest
 External Remedy ever used. It is compos
 ted of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 power unequalled in the annals of Medians
 It as universally acknowledged to bo aa
 infallible remedy in every case where it has
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration*
 and is invaluable in all diseases of the
 Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 Can be relieved of pain end ell inflammation, aad cured
 immediately by a free use of Sloan’* Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Soen’e Ointmeat has no equaL It relieves all pain ia a
 Aw minutes, and heals rapidly, without leaving a scar.
 BOAIjD BEAD.
 Every ease of this troublesome complaint can be cured
 with Sloan's Ornament, if the (Unctions are strictly fol-
 WWffi .._ t
 PILES.
 Host's CHntmeat affords immediate relief and has cored
 ht 'adrede ef caaaa alter ail other remedies had tailed.
 CROUP. i
 the approach of it* raule, can be Immediately arrested
 by a free use of Sean's Ointment.
 BALD wtiavy
 Sara’s Ointment removes ell Inflammation from tha
 scalp,, «nsoquently a vigorous growth of hair follows.
 SORB THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Bresets.
 Diseases of the Eye, Ague in the Pace, Rheumatic Paine,
 Contracted Conla, Pain in the Side, Back, and other pane
 of the system, Boils, Bruises, Freeh Wounds, and every
 kind of sore containing the least particle oflnflatnmatioa
 are permanently cured by this great remedy. a
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It ia a fact, authenticated hers, ea well a* all over th*
 State, and indeed the whole western states, that Stoaa’a
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re
 putation, to which they are justly entitled by their l ‘keaUnf
 virtues,’’ and powers. We are not among those who era
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comae along,
 and in this instance have delayed our endorsement untff
 we have been able to make assurance double sure, not amir
 by tee ting them personally ourselves, but from the testi
 mony of a numerous portion of the community Urine
 around us.-(Illinois Globe, April 13, 1960.
 STOPPED THE NAUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. 26th 1880.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 la*t, my hand began to swell badly, and caused an
 very great suffering. The swelling daily increased
 and extended up my arm to the moulder, and afloat
 ed me so much as to render me incapable of retain
 tig any food in my stomach. I had tho atlendancd
 of an eminent phvtician, and every thing was tries
 that promised relief, until it seemed as though I
 cou d not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture at the solicitation of
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to tha
 arm and hand, and also over the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea aad ia
 25 or 80 miuutes, the pain m my arm and hand wee
 so far relieved, that I tell into a quiet slumber, be
 the first time in about two weeks. The band wan
 several times laid o|«n with the Lancet before your
 Ointment was appl.ed, without affording any relief
 but from the time I began to use your Oinuntnt up
 on it, the sore uischarged freely, and ray hand amt
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly. iSrrrh
 time. The speedy relief from the wondefu suffer«
 ings which 1 experienced, induces me to send row
 this testimonial that oihns unilarly affected twe
 know the value of your O'n meat in such certeej
 For any furtherparticulars, you are at lilierty to re«
 fertome, MRS. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 I certiljjthat the above statement is true.
 JOHN MURRAY.
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COU \TT&gt;
 To all whom this may come, or in any way coeoerud
 This is to certify that I applied W. B. Bloan’d
 Salve to my horse’s mouth when it was very HI
 with Black longue or Cancer—so Lad be cedA
 not eat; and in two hours be eat as well as ever
 And I further certify that it is a good medicine the
 human'flesh, cuts and bruises.
 _ O. B. CROFF, M. Et,
 Bith ary, Oct.',29th 1850.
’SLOAN’S* f
HORSE OINTMENT
 HAS EARNED A GREAT NAME. 1
 For Parity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it exoels, and is now so*
 perceding all other Ointments and Liniments,
 for the cure of Horses, Cattle, and other Dsk
 mestio Animals. A free use of this Ointment
 cures immediately all
 Freeh Wounds and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its effects are per*
 fectly magical in the oure of these Injuries. J
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that oont*
 pares with Sloans Ointment.
 Wind Galls, Callus and Orackad Beals,
 Are cured at once by the use of SLoan’s
 Ointment, if the direotions are followed. j
 Spavin, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently aM
 these Complaints by a faithful application eC
 Slean’s Ointment.
 Fistula, Poll Evil and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 never fell to restore the animal sound as
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the cure of Founder asd
 Contracted Feet The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 and toughen the feet, and the Condition Pow*
 dsr is eertain to remove all internal Fever amt
 Sllfiiess,
 Scratches or Grease and Manga.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Cent*
 plaints is Sloan’s Ointment, It cures wheel
 all other Remedies fail,
 Farmers, Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to sure iB
 eases of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Rot %f Bk*§k
 sad injuries in the feet of other animsia.
 CC?“ For further Partiouiars and a Afafltf
 fads Certificates of SUwugrkabU Cm
 K«t Pamphlet* Agent*. W
 Prepared and Sold, and Rota dft
 el AeVrnd Depot, 40 Lake Street, CUoaßt,
 m B,
 rfM I a Hi
