f 3 ottrg.
for tbe North Star.
 AMERICA.
 BY OXO. W. rUTKAS.
 Sevsity long and weary year*
 Pasted tbe Priest and Levite by;
 No tear of mercy wet their cheek,
 Nor dimmed their haughty eye
 Seventy long and weary year*
 They left tbe same to die!
 Seventy long end weary year*,
 Without a moment’* check,
 Tbe haughty freeman’* trampling heel
 Hath Bruised their belpless.neck,
 And boaatingiy he aaketh uow.
 Doth tbe Almighty reck'!
 Seventy bag and weary year*
 Tbe Free have forged the chains
 Which hied and cru*h a myriad aool*
 Upon the Southern plain*.
 Seventy weary year* —oh God,
 ffow loos oppression reigns!
 Te whose hearts are firm and strong,
 Who courage do not la*k,
 Well may yn tremble while ye scan
 A nation’s bloody track.
 Seventy years, forbearing God,
 Thou hast held the red holts back!
 TO GEORGEJTHOMPSON,
 Welcome, thou friend of man—
 of T«iU—DW«»lu»ifUt
 The mantle of thy Howard hath on thee fallen.
 We feel no vain ambition fires thy soul.
 Tbe inspiration of thy eloquence,
 'Tie love of man, of truth, and right.
 Aya, thy name shall be a household word*
 Of 1 &gt;ve and reverence, not of scorn and hat*.
 Goon, gieat advocate of man’s true rights:
 Fulfil thy mission, for ’tis high a id holy.
 Even should it haste the day of woe,
 .We recognise the hand that sent thee,
 And bow in meek submission to His will.
ittiscfllancotis.
LETTER FROM GEO. THOMPSON,/
 Rochester, March 12, 1861.
 Mt Dear Garrison: Though never
 so briefly, 1 must write you from tins
 beautiful city. Would you were by
 my eide, instead of being five hundred
 miles away! All circumstances con
 sidered, 1 have been more successful
 here than in any other place. 1 came
 with the most serious apprehensions of
 a disturbance, but prepared to abide
 tbs worst that might happen.
 The Advertiser, a daily paper, of
 politics, has tor some time been exhib
 ing a degree of superhuman depravity
 and sanguinary malevolence which I
 have never seen exceeded even in the
 city of New York. Its series of ven
 omous attacks continued down to yos
 tsrday, as witness the enclosed. But
 mark the result! An audience of more
 than a thousand, as respectable and in
 telligent persons as I ever addressed in
 my life, assembled in the beautiful and
 spacious building called Corinthian
 Hall, to listen to a lecture from me on
 British Reform. The hour was three,
 and all here admit that such an audi
 ence, at that time of day, was equal to
 twice that number in the evening. My
 reception on rising was respectful, and
 no more, with the exception of the
 cheers given me by the friends of tbe
 anti-slavery cause. I felt that I had to
 contend with prejudice and suspicion.
 I craved and obtained permission to
 depart from the usual course, and to
 oner some remarks personal to myself.
 Q, how did tbe scowl of suspicion give
 place to the smile of satistaction and
 confidence! How rapidly the frost
 work melted before a simple and un
 varnished statement of my real opin
 ions, principles and designs! How the
 cheers, from being faint and few, be
 came long, loud and universal! Never
 in my existence did I behold more can
 dor and magnanimity displayed, than
 was shown by the noble citizens of
 Rochester, yesterday. Indeed, they
 •ecmed delighted to be convinced of the
 utter and wilful falsehood of tae state
 menu with which they have been flood
 ed for weeks. The intimition that I
 hoped to be. able to address them again
 and again, was received with peal upon
 peal of applause. My lecture con
 cluded, I was for half an hour pre
 vented from putting on my overcoat by
 the hands stretched forth to grasp mine;
 and many were the confessions of those
 who embraced me most warmly, that
 they had come prepared to have the
 prejudices which existed against me in
 their own minds justified and confirmed,
 1 own it was a severe trial to my forti
 tude to hear tbe reception given me—
 for which 1 have to thank the laborious
 calumniator, who had been so Jong
 forging, from the* materials ol a dis
 eased mind, the lies which he thought
 would be sufficient to destroy me.
 How great is the humiliation of the
 Advertiser! for, in addition to vituper
 ation and slander, he was prophetic
 and when forced to draw back from di
 rect incentives to violence, augured
 that I should be treated with silent con
 tempt! But, lo! the audience, though
 each paid an admission fee, was tbe
 larges', ever known at such a time ol
 meeting; and for its character—you
 will see from tbe account of the Roch
 ester Daily Democrat, (which I send
 you,) that a more respectable and in
 telligent audience than that which as
 sembled there yesterday, has seldom
 been convened; while, to add to the
 falsification of the oracle, it was tbe
 most enthusiastic audience 1 have ap
 peared before since it was my honor
 and privilege to sit by you in Cochi
 tuate Hall, Boston. Who would not
 be on tbe side of Truth, Right and
 Justice, when such are the triumphs
 which may be won in their cause?
 My progress, thus lar, has been truly
 gratifying- To the abolitionists of tbe
 State of New York, I tender my warm
 est thinks for their unbounded hospi
 tality. To tbe latest day I live, 1 shall
 bear upon my heart the recollection of
 their goodness. They have not been
 simply kind—they have been trusting
 and fraternal. What can the politi
 ciaas of this country be thinking about r
 Are not tbe thousands who have h*ard
 me gladly—who have greeted my sen
 timents with vociferous cheers—Amer
 icans? Are they not citisens? Are
 they not of as much worth as an equal
 number of other inhabitants of these
 States? Are not their opinions as much
 entitled to respect at the opinions ol
 others? O, if 1 could reach the states
 men of America, 1 would warn them,
 U tine, against despising tba men and
women who have engaged in d intern in
 ating the principles of Christianity up
 on the subject of slavery.
 I hare just seen the Advertiser of to*
 day, and send you a copy. Not one
 word of yesterday’s lecture!
 I have written amidst much interrup
 tion, and must new close. Adieu, my
 dear friend! Try and join me at Syra
 cuse, on my return from the West. I
 will endeavor to write to you more fre
 quently. Our Anti-Slavery Convention
 commences to morrow morning.
 Everywhere, and to the end,
 Yours unalterably,
 Geo. Thompson.
THE WORLD MOTES ON.
 So thought we as returning just now
 from the funeral of a friend we fell
 once more into the current of busy
 life. The world knows nothing of our
 loss. The world cares nothing for our
 grief. The world is full of life and mo
 tion; it cannot atay for death. The
 very hearse as it moved slowly through
 the streets was jostled by the stage,
 the wagon, the pleasure carriage in
 their impatient haste. The funeral
 procession crossing the great thorough
 fare was broken to lei pass the vehicles
 of trade and men hurrying to business.
 The world moves on.
 He seemed to be worth something
 to the world. A man nf nnhU form
 and mien—they must have marked
 him on the street these many years. A
 man of wise counsels, of high integri
 ty, of large benevolence—they must
 have prized him in the intercourse of
 life. Do they know that he is dead?
 Do they care that he is dead? Why
 do not they pause to think of it? In
 the country village the death of such
 a man would throw a gloom over every
 dwelling. Labor would stand still,
 and all the population would come as
 mourners to his grave and then go
 home sadly to feel his loss. Here, the
 family circle, a tew tried friends, a few
 brethren of the church have gathered
 at his funeral, but even tbe neighbors
 are not ther 3, and there is no diminu
 tion of the moving throng in tbe street.
 The scriptures are read, words of
 comfort are spokeu, prayer is offered,
 but all amid the din of carts and bells
 and cries, and the tramp of hurrying
 feet sounding up through the windows.
 And when we come out theie is no
 sign of change, no gloom upon the
 houses, no solemn stillness in the air,
 no shock or scar on the world’s brow.
 But did not the world feel that shock?
 The stroke that laid him low in his
 prime was like the feeling of an oak.
 Then the forest resounds, the neighbor
 ing trees sway to and fro with the con
 cussion, and winds rush in to fill the
 chasm. But in this great dense forest
 of life there is hardly a sensation as
 one and another (alls. The vine that
 clung to the oak is trailed an the ground
 and the young saplings quiver, a few
 surrounding trees bow their heads to
 the blatt—but straigthway errect them
 again—and the forest seems as thick
 and sturdy as ever. Even the execu
 tive head of the nation falls almost with
 out a shock. The wheels of govern
 ment pause but for a moment, a new
 set of hands are summoned to the va
 cant posts and everything moves on as
 before. Man dies, but 1 the world moves
 on. Life hurries on. We feel it at
 this moment, when inclination would
 dispose us to quiet meditation on the
 loss of a friend, but parish, press, and
 pulpit demand that we shall work. And
 work we must while life lasts.
 It is well that this is so. Life has a
 present interest. Its value does not lie
 simply in its relation to death and the
 future. While we must feel the pres
 sure of the world to come if we would
 ennoble life to its just aim, and while
 we should be uplifted and borne along
 by the Infinite and tbe Eternal, yet we
 cannot live in heaven before our time.
 Nor should we be always preparing to
 die as our distinctive and absorbing
 occupation. We are living men and
 are placed iu this world to live. Life
 is an earnest work. And as the world
 moves on we wust move with it and
 seek to guide its energy and its pro
 gress to high and holy ends. Our
 Savior prayed not that his disciples
 should be taken out ot the world but
 that they should be kept from the evil.
 And while in the world, they must finish
 the work He has given them to do.
 For this the thought of death, and the
 frequent and vivid contemplation of the
 future will give (hem faith and diligence
 and patience. But life must not wait
 for death. The world moves on, it
 must move on although men die. Yet
 the world feels its losses, though it
 does not stop to notice them. Every
 good man taken out of it is a loss.
 The church will feel tbe loss, the world
 will feel the loss of the good man we 1
 have buried to-day. For a while at
 least some interests will not do so well
 without him. His prayers will be a
 want, his charities will be a want, his
 counsels will be a want, his example
 will be a want, not only in his immediate
 circle, but also in tbe ever-widening
 i circles that swell out from that that till
 lost on the remotest shores of time.
 Though the tide of life by its mighty
 pressure overbears, a single death, yet
 that death makes a ripple on its sur
 face; disturbs, discolors, perhaps di
 vides the stream. The good man’s
 death is felt till others take hia place
 and fulfil bis work. Neither does the
 world move on without him whom it has
 lost. His memory lives, his influence
 lives, his work follows him. And these
 all are added to the grand sum of in
 fluences that are shaping this world’s
 character and destiny. The world is
 made up not merely of those at any
 one moment upon its stage, but of all
 (he Past interblendiog with their
 thoughts and feelings and acts, and
 giving its impress to the present and its
 course lo the future. Man is not born
 into this world merely to die out of it.
 II he lives to any purpose he still lives
 here after death. The world moves
 on as if without him, yet it moves on
 by and through his influence. With
 what a sanctity does this invest our
 bis! There is perversion often in tbe
 well-meant counsel “Live each day as
 if it were your last.” Rather live
 each day as it you were to last, know
 ing that what you do and are will last
 when you are gone. We are to live
 and not to die daily. And living right
 ly we shall be always ready to die.
 Death shall then bring to us a two-fold
 life; a life of purity and bliss in hea
ven, and a life of influence and power
 still on earth. The friend we this day
 buried ie not dead. They carried him
 away to the quiet village which was his
 summer retreat, [and there they laid
 him in the bare and stiffened earth.
 The city knows not his resting place.
 But soon the fresh grass will spring
 and flowers will bloom and trees will
 blossom in that lone church-yard, and
 so will virtue, truth, and holiness spring
 up the richer from his grave. Thus
 will.
 ——“th* actions of the just
 rime!! sweet end blossom in the duel.
 We lately heard an address to chil
 dren commended because the speaker
 talked to them not as if he thought they
 were at once to die, but as if he ex
 pected them to live and to accomplish
 some thing in life. So should we in
 the high Christian sense live while we
 may and die when God calls us, in life
 or death discharging the duty of the
 hour. This was the high moral sig
 nificance of that strange answer of
 Christ to him who would go home and
 bury his fathers: “Let the dead bury
 their dead: follow thou me.” Thu art
 a living man and hast the work of life
 to do. The world moves on, and my
 cause must not be retarded nor thy
 salvation hindored, by offices of re
 spect and kindness to the dead or by
 unavailing grief. While the battle
 rpjzes fighting m*n must not stop to
 pick up tbw slain.
 The world moves on. The forces of
 steam and electricity new drive its
 wheels. Faster and faster all things
 fly. Yet the world and all that it con
 tains shall have an end. Its marts shall
 be deserted, its bustle and clamor shall
 cease, and all be silent as the grave.
 But in this world, moving on with it, is
 a kingdom that shall have no end.
 That kingdom hastens to its glorious
 consummation. Though men die,
 Christs’s cause moves on. How grand
 has beeu its march since first Apostles
 suffered and martyrs died. And they
 that are of this kingdom shall live and
 reign with it when time and earth shall
 cease to move.— lndependent.
EIGHT THOUSAND CHRISTIANS
 SENTENCED TO DEATH.
Tho following is a letter from Mr.
 T. Burbyer, to the Rev. D. Griffith:
 Mauritius, Oct. 6, 1861.
 Dear Sir—My present object in
 writting is to inform you of the news
 from Madagascar, and the events that
 have lately occured at Tenanarivo.
 You know that the Prince Rakooln
 Tahindry Radama, son of the Queen
 Ranavolo, and heir presumptive to the
 throne of Ankovas, has become the
 powerful protector ofthe Christians un
 der persecution at Imirena. In June
 last 1 made a voyage to the coast of
 Madagascar, on some affairs which re
 quired my presence, and took advan
 tage of the opportauity to obtain intelli
 gence of the Christians at Tenanarivo.
 I returned a fortnight ago from this
 voyage, in the frigate, Castor, Com
 modore C. Rynil. The information I
 obtained through letters from Imirena
 is as follows:—Eight thousand Chris
 tians being assembled together one
 even in different places, engaged in
 religious exercises, were all arrested
 and condemned to death. Eighteen
 of them had already been executed,
 when all the rest found the means of
 escape, fled to the palace of the Prince,
 and implored his protection. The
 Prince toook them under his care.
 The fact having come to the knowledge
 ofthe Queen, she ordered her grand
 marshal and first minister, Rainiharo,
 to convey her orders to the Prince,
 her son, to surrender all these
 Christians for execution. The grand
 marshal proceeded to intimate this
 to the Prince, who refused to obey it,
 declaring that the Christians were un
 der his protection, and that if any one
 had the hardihood to force his palace
 with a view to their seizure, he would
 put him instantly to death. High words
 then took place between the Prince
 and the grand marshal, the latter inti
 mating to the former that he was act
 ing in open rebellion to the Queen, hia
 mother. The Prince becoming impa
 tient, and having strong motives for
 resentment against the grand marshal,
 drew his sword and aimed a blow at
 his head. It struck him on one side of
 tho head, and cut off one of his ears.
 Tbe generals present came to the res
 cue ofthe grand marshal, as the Prince
 was about to put an end to bira. When
 the Queen heard of what had taken
 place, she quashed the whole affair,
 fearing a revolution at Imirena, for she
 knows that all the Ankova youth are
 partisans of the Prince, and that he is
 beloved by all the people and the
 army. The Christians are now in
 safety, and assemble themselves toge
 ther in the evening, the government
 shutting its eyes upon everything.
 Rainiharo trembles bofore the Prince.
 The young Prince, who has completed
 his 21st year, and who has been
 brought up by General Ratsihambe,
 his governor, promises to establish
 his throne as it was under the late
 King Radama, his father. He has
 been several times at the prayer meet
 ings of the Christians, and makes every
 effort to comfort them. God be praised!
 the cause of Christ is not lost in Mada
 gascar, and we shall shortly see this
 spiritual harvest produce abundant
 fruit to tbe divine glory. I have sent
 the report of my voyage to the Mis
 sionary Society, through the medium
 of my pastor, Mr. Le Brun, and have
 also written to the Rev. J. J. Freeman
 on the subject. 1 had not the pleasure
 of meeting Mr. Freeman here, he hav
 ing left the very day of my arrival,
 which I much regret. He will proba
 bly receive my report and letter in
 London, I hope through the divine
 goodness to make another voyage to
 Madagascar. It has become very
 difficult to get access to the porta of
 the Queen since, in 1845, she drove
 away all tbe foreign merchants, and
 put an end to all trade with the coun
 try. We can only hope, therefore,
 the way will be opened as soon as tbe
 Prince, her son, shall ascend the throne
 after bis mother’s death.”—Perthshire
 •3dv*riiser.
tcj* The following resolutiona were
 adopted at the recent Convention o! the
 Western New York Anti-Slavery So
 ciety, held in Corinthien Hell:
 Resolved, That in the person of the
 taest abased, degraded, mutilated and
dejected slave in our land, we recog
 nize a man and a brother —a being
 made in tbe image of God, to whom we
 are bound by all the ties of human
 brotherhood, and by all the obligations
 of a common paternity.
 Resolved, That the right of every
 man to his own body, is derived Irom
 God, and that this right is rendered
 self-evident in the facts of human na
 ture, and is no more to be annihilated
 by human laws than are the unalterable
 purposes of God himself.
 Resolved, That they who teach obe
 dience to the Fugitive Slave Law,while
 they admit that the law is unjust, cruel
 and disgraceful, prove themselves des
 titute ot moral principle, if not of moral
 sense, and they are to be ranked with
 the hardened and obdurate creatures
 who, for a few paltry dollars, will per
 form the disgusting office of slave
 catcher to the slaveholder.
 Resolved, That Freedom of Speech,
 the palladium of liberty—the shield of
 tho weak—the hope of the oppressed,
 and the terror of tyrants, is (in the lan
 guage of Daniel Webster, in his. better
 days) a home-bred right—a fire-side
 privilege," the loss of which is the first
 condition of the enslavement of a free
 people.
 Resolved, That in the recent efforts
 of the "Advertiser” newspaper, to sub
 ject the exejpiee of this right to the
 peril* of molTvlblence, we see another
 evidence of the all-controlling power of
 slavery; and the utter worthlessness of
 names, as indicating the character of
 men and of parties, since, while pro
 fessing to be a Democratic Journal,
 contending for the largest liberty, the
 Advertiser would subject freedom of
 speech to more galling bonds and per
 ils, than any that environ that most sa
 cred right in the most despotic coun
 tries on the globe
 Resolved, That the most indignant
 and telling rebuke which could be ad
 ministered to that profligate sheet for
 its base and scurrilous attacks upon the
 eloquent and philanthropic Thompson,
 has already been administered by the
 orderly, decorous and cordial reception
 which that distinguished gentleman has
 received at the hands of our most re
 spectable citizens, within the walls of
 Corinthian Hall.
 Resolved, That we commend the
 good sense and the good disposition of
 the laboring men of this city, which led
 to treat with disdain and contempt the
 dastardly appeals of the editor of the
 "Advertiser;" and that we thank them
 for rolling hack the odium upon the re
 creant editor in question, which had
 been cunningly and malignantly pre
 pared for themselves.
 Resolved, That we do not onlv ap
 prove, but that we do most warmly ap
 plaud the conduct of the noble men
 who rescued, in a peaceful manner,
 Shadrnck Simms; and, so far from re
 garding them as mobocrats are we, that
 we look upon them as the conservatori
 of law and order in Boston, against the
 great national mob, headed by Millard
 Fillmore.
 Resolved, That American slavery
 necessarily involves the crimes of theft,
 robbery and murder, and that it oughl
 to be immediately and unconditionally
 abolished.
 Resolved, That there are no highet
 laws than these: Thou shalt love the
 Lord thy God with all thy heart, anc
 thy neighbor as thyself.
 Resolved, That we regard tie Fugi
 tive Slave Law of the las*. Congress a«
 a conspiracy against the liberties ol
 our country, which ought to be resistec
 at all property and life, by
 all who love God and revere the mem
 ories of our revolutionary fathers
SWITZERLAND—THE REFUGEE
 QUESTION.
 The Federal Council of Switzerland
 has, in consequence of the repeated
 remonstrance of the German powers,
 just abolished the absolute obligation
 imposed in July, 1849, on the various
 cantons to receive political refugees;
 it has, moreover, maintained the de
 crees relative to the expulsion or trans
 mission of refugees into the interior.
 These resolutions are communicated to
 the cantons by proclamation, dated
 Berne, the 25th ult. This document
 explains, that after the events of 1848
 and ’49, Switzerland was obliged, from
 its position, and from the duties of
 humanity, to receive a vast number of
 fugitives of different nations, and to
 take measures for distributing them
 among the cantons; but the time has
 now arrived at which the cantons can
 be relieved of this burden, and allowed
 their old privilege of dealing as they
 please with refugees. It says more
 over, that the French government has
 offered to convey to England or Ame
 rica, refugees, who may not be able to
 return to their own countries. Under
 these circumstances it observes that
 the cantons many make free use of the
 right of expelling refugees without
 subjecting themselves to the charge of
 severity In July, 1819, the number
 of refugees under the general control
 of the confederation, was 11,000 —but
 by pardons, expulsions and voluntary
 departures, it has been reduced to
 500.
 The Swiss journals state that a san
 guinary conflict had just taken place
 at Matten, in the district of Interlacken,
 between the troops and a band of in
 surgent, in the course of which two ol
 the former and eight of the latter, were
 seriously Several of the
 insurgents have been arrested, amongst
 whom are M. Seiler, ex-prefect; Mich
 el, ex-director of the prison of Inter
 lacken; Stachli and Ritschard, ex
 substitutes of the perfect; Brunner,
 formerly Judge of the district; Inder
 tnuhie, ex-secretary of the prefecture;
 Rubini, usher of the tribunal; Shasser,
 a medical practitioner.
 A letter ofcthe 27th ult., from Frank
 fort, in the Cologne Gazette, says:
 “The projects of the great powers
 against Switzerland, which have been
 so often talked of, now being to acquire
 some consistence. Within the last
 week, it is positively known that the
 Prussian government has transmitted a
 note to the Swiss federal council, in
 which it demands the re-establishment
 of legal order in the canton of Neuf
 chatel, threatning to ua coercive
 measures in the event of non-com
 pliance. No answer has yet been given.
 —-AT. F. Tribune,
'SUtoertinemetitn.
Asylui for tke Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytir
 No 217 Exchange-Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseas e.hat is
 admitted the nr, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment is
 the United States, yet the proprietor withei it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tbe remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in tbe course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all ita stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tbe Bowels; Pai
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head' Spinan
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages. Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Meuses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuinptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the aliove diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that uo one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 r&gt;ay all the expenses from any part of the United I
 States here and back home again, before be com-
 niences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 or know what wiL be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay tbe expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known tbe
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon tie believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems ot practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and ca» have it cost tliem notbiug unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature ot treatment in this Institution,
 the iinmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to Ire made well euougli to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course ot treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness or
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and,
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAB
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate atleu* ion. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 or jthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscript begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent t'acili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 (distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bui
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made au
 effort to walk, eiUier foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovemem to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and while Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 bay be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. »ul —tf
Colored Sailors’ Hone*
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any otbei
 house in the city. The bouse is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seveuty person*.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort WM* P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
Palner’s Artificial Leg,
 THIS entirely new, lieautifiil, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of alt the
 principal scientific institution* and surgeons ol
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every retract supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in SpsmgfaU.Mass.,
 by Means. Palms a, Cvrhiis k Henson.j
 Tkty vxvrran tut at ta tit) action
 sinsimi.
 Drs. Hi MtLToir and Srtiipc, of Buffalo.
 l&gt;r. Gansu*, Batavia.
 Drs. Wiints and Moons, Rochester,
 Dr. Potts*, Gorn«»4(wh*waare one.)
 Dr. Hove*, Syracuse MpIHR
■slateS’. Eclectic Metical listitite
 ab 4 Water-Cure Establish Beat.
 THIS Institution has ben is successful operation
 during fasten years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such ss cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 dents have been restored to health and usefulness
 by tbe treatment pursued nt this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who nail been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they nave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, bare been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 These who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms of almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a boat of oilier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selelv upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, an&lt;l is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the lorn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries frqjp Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from tKe diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few monihs’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore tliem to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never (ailed to be
 accomplished in single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladit-s have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar•
 alelled treatment for all long Handing or Chronic dic
 tates, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a tpecial written agreement with
 tuch at detire it, who enter the Imtitvtian, follow the
 rulet and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under tlieirown
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking reiief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend tneir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 hned for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down Hairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin al dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost mHantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most tryihg and diffi
 cult case they can find, and teH out veracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Auy one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free ot
 charge—together with the roost respectable refer
 ences in the city aud country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should bo addressed toll alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y. f post
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. i.
“Every Man bis own Physician.”*
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 tie consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to w hicb are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyjpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents,or sold separate
 at 12J cents.
 The symptoms of eacli disease are carefully given
 so ttiat one may be recognized from anotiter, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are ieemed appropriate, for both
 male and female
 The book has been written with great care, in
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 ciaunada thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 iu all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, shoulr.
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times a
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill, whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sure advisei
 in time of need, the direction given for persons is
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 Tbe price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and hone should be
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6J cents to any
 qurt 0 f tha United Stains.
 Any person sending us one dollar by mai ano
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall have foui
 copies sent him fret of postage.
 Sena in your orderss, there is no itsk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the book,
 always reach tif'ir destination.
 (0* Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from s2t
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Addreas,
 vast paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester.N. Y
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force ol Truth Ith
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 9QO eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87J cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal el
 Women from various authors, cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touch ins
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhuret, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 Aati-Slaverj Ofiee,
 No. 81, North fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also n handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to tbe business of tbs office
 to be directed to J- Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
 —i i swr
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Qnttesg fefeon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Bbeheiiune
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 VTEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 JL v iu prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prists various etylee.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Abo Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chiats Umbrellas
 Oil Clothe.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly e
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities aad
 Bbirtiag, Sheetings, aud Piliew
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.'
 Nml&gt;u do i.aine, plain and neatly figured, all wo#i
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton *fumslt
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of difierent stylo#.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Haim] kerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long end naif Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Lam. Ainu,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goode,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends end the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist tbe Subscriber to m
 large the assortment Irom time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -st#
 Philadelphia 2d mo. let, 1848. tf
f|npMß|Ma|n^
UNPARALLEI) IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THE HOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Riscorered I
 TIME and experience have folly proved that this
 UNIVERSAL RE MED Y has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, haring been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful effecis on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Furrier and Farmer, and the wonder of tbs
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 1 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself tbe virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence olmore tliao fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Garbling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, snmng many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has Wen completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed;
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fe^iior.s, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 amt Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac,
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gails of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *e,
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 liems themselves,and others who have used the OB
 of cure* which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil ia
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 men.t it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discatient, it ia harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment, in such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uew in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and |&gt;owerfui remedy where there is do
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, aad to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it lias met with in the hands ol
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of mediciues which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horae
 For instance, read the loilowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HOAXES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, aud can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, und re
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin,L. B
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wads
 Rochester.
 H A E Gaylord, Henderson A Panderson, Clevs
 Innd.O.; G Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffitlo; Green man Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July I&amp;—6®
British Periodical Literal are.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edsnlvreh Review
 The North British Review, the Hatmni *r Review
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mu 6 axine.
 THE widespread fame of these splendid period
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three greet parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black*
 wood and the London Uoarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. 'Lbe North British Re
 view is m ore of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, D,
 Hanna, aasociated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted that title only
 is publ,seed in England under the title of The For
 eign Q uarterly and W estminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It lias, therefore,
 die advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 1 ho above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 imwdiately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an e*act/«-*iiwJ«of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 RICKS FOR 1849, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR BAALT.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, f 9 00 per annum
 For any two do 600
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood k the 4 Reviewa, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 b ent to one address on payment of the regular soo
 gCription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of snUcnbsrs before any
 portion of it can be re*ria«d in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we’mav be compelled to raise the price of the Man.
 lin# Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 dm price is low.
 Remittances and communication should sways
 beltddreased, post-paid or frank id,so the publWei
 EONARD SCOTT k Co
 Afr.. 70JFul ton New York
