The NORTH STAB it published every
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street*
 (OypottUthe Arcade.)
TERMS.
 Two dollars per alwayt t«
 subscription wiltbe receded for a Um term than
 i A“°e n rS^ a e*t.noteTc.ed.a« ten Une. .scried
 three time, for one dollar; every subsequent uuer
 lion. twenty-five cent*.
The ootect of the North Star willbeto abolis
 SLAVERY in all inform* and aapect*; advocat
 Universal Emancipation; eaali the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral aad intellec
 ual improvement ol the Colored Pioflij and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thmi
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 QCf* All communication* relating to the buaineat
 waiters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, he., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 {)C|“ Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Poetaffue,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 frt- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers to be forwarded to one addreas, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letter* and communications must be post paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.V .Wallcut,2l,Corbill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Coif ft K ctic 0T. —Jabex Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Harned, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary
 Harper, Albasy, Elias Doty, Maoedou; Wif
 elts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 a I* D.—Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kjbi, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, na;
 Milo A. Townsend, New Brighton; B. E. Bown,
 S New Jersey.— Alfred G. Campbell, Paterson.
 Ohio.— J. J- Gaines, Cincinnati; Charles
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.,
 Hugh Hamilton. Lowellville, Mahoning County; J-
 I). Pattkrson, Oberlin; S. D. Jenkins, Columbbus.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit: Ir. J
 B. Barnes, Owasso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. —Henty O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark* Uujcatine.
 Canada. —John Junes Carev. Toronto.
WILI.IAM B. CLOUGH# PRINTER
Selections.
CONVENTION OF COLORED
 CITIZENS.
 A Convention of Colored Citizens
 has been in session for several even
 ings during the past week in this city.
 No report of their proceedings that we
 know of has been published, though
 they have been travestied in the Her
 ald at considerable length. The fol
 lowing reports from Committees, how
 ever, which appear in that paper, are,
 we pesume, genuine, and will be found
 important and interesting.-Anti-Sla
 very Standard.
 Mr. George T, Downing read the
 report on Emigration as follows:
 REPORT OF COMMITTF.E ON EMIGRATION.
 Many considerations arise in the re
 view of the question of the immigration
 of the colored American from the place
 of his abode, the land of hia nativity, to
 any foreign place. Among the most
 prominent and important are—that this
 is our native land; that here we live,
 and have lived; that here we hope, and
 have hoped; and that no amount of per
 secution has driven, or will drive us to
 any inhospitable region—to any region
 whatsoever, save that to which death
 •hall convey us.
 Our fellow-countrymen have selected
 Africa as the place for our future
 abode, and give as a reason why we
 should leave this, our native land, that
 in this, our native land we can never
 hope to be elevated socially and politi
 cally; further declaring, that Africa is
 the land of our forefathers, and that
 she needs to be regenerated—civilized.
 What a libel upon our country —our
 countrymen. The colored American
 “can never hope to be elevated so
 cially and politically in this country.”
 It is false. We do hope, predicating
 that hope upon a basis everlasting, and
 which the signs of the times indicate—
 Truth crushed to earth will rise again,
 Tlie eternal years of God are hers.”
 As to t.ie practical ability of colored
 men going to Africa to better their con
 dition, it is fallacious. The means by
 which we or any class can better their
 condition,is the acquiring of wealth and
 education. The facilities to possess ei
 ther, are far more abundantly afforded
 the colored man at home, than they are
 in Africa. It needs but the exercise of
 the disposition —to acquire which dis
 position is the same in the same per
 son, whether he be in Africa or Amer
 ica. There are large tracts of land in
 this country, fertile and beautiful,
 which the colored man can occupy—
 live an independent life, where he can
 command respect and consideration—
 thousands of acres of which are already
 owned by colored men in this State.
 There are many trades and professions
 of respectability and influence open to
 him. He needs but the cultivation of
 the above disposition. As fcr the ac
 quiring of education, the facilities are
 growing more and more abundant
 dailv. The first seminaries of the land
 are being open for the reception of
 colored students. In the eastern
 States, there are exceptions, where a
 colored student cannot be admitted. In
 our own Slate, two young men of rare
 talent have been elevated to profess
 orships in one of her colleges. As an
 illustration of the superior advantages
 offered us here, to those enjoyed in Af
 rica, we would state that the dignita
 ries of Liberia send their children and
 relatives to this country to be educated
 —instance, Rushworm’s sons, Robert’s
 relatives.
 But we claim no affinity with Africa.
 This is our home. We have beheld no
 other sun save that piercing the clouds
 that tip our noble Alleghanies—which
 glistens on our own rolling Hudson, and
 gives vegetation and life to the green
 fields, where our fathers lie—“ The
 land of our forefathers.”
 What more this to us than to all
 other Americans? Go ye “home to
 the places your fathers voluntarily left;
 our forefathers were forced there; their
 sons will not be forced away.” Fur
 ther, we do not trace our ancestry to
 Africa alone. We trace it to English
 men, Irishmen, Scotchmen; to French
 men; to the German; to the Astatic as
 well as to Africa. The best blood
 of Virginia courses through our veins.”
 We sympathize deeply with poor be
 nighted Africa. We wish her disen
 thralment from the deep superstition
 sad idolatry in which she is sunk. We
 yrould see her regenerated—civilised.
THENORTHSTAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor aid Proprietor.
VOL. IV. NO. 16.
"We do not love Cesar less, but Rome
 more.” We hare been persecuted.
 Despite of it—despite of all that has
 been visited upon us by our fellow
 countrymen—we love our country
 still.” We would defend her honor
 while we mourn our shame. A fair
 destiny awaits her—a destiny shadowed
 in the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers—
 our glorious Declaration of Independ
 ence—in the present times. What else
 is it but that it should be reserved unto
 ne« tif'Wlumiißii complete tne idea oT
 universal brotherhood—including even
 the despised and abused, the rejected,
 the cast down. How the fact will be
 yielded to that effect—the fact that the
 first martyr, Wm. Attuck, the first man
 that fell in the Revolutionary struggle,
 fighting in vindication of the fact of the
 equality of man, and in defence of the
 rights of mau, in favor of the idea of
 brotherhood, was a black man; gloried
 be his name! What else could have
 created the passiveness which has been
 remarkable in the persecuted and out
 raged colored man? What else have
 disconcerted the many movements of
 the slaves to be free or to die glori
 ously? It is the finger of God. He
 purposes a glorious destiny—our Union
 will be preserved. He hath suffered
 this persecution to be. The persecu
 ted and the persecutor will join hands.
 The world—future generations —will
 have evidence of the truthfulness of the
 idea of universal brotherhood. Pre
 vious to the declaration of this grand
 idea by the fathers of ’76, all England
 had faith in the idea of inequality in
 man, and it is left unto our country to
 give form and expression to its oppo
 site. Look upon the man/ reforms
 which engage the general attention,
 and behold how all of them go to make
 up a sentiment which must annihilate
 Slavery, and cast it from our otherwise
 fair country. Its happy influence will
 operate upon the world in general.
 This consideration causes us to be more
 deeply fixed and inflexible, if possible,
 in our determination to abide here—
 our home. Countrymen! Americans!
 why will ye strive to alienate us from
 our home? why will ye continue to op
 press us?—God wills us to be with you
 —we will as He wills.
 We are linked with millions who are
 here held in bonds. Nothing should or
 can separate our interests; they are
 mutual and inseparable; it would be
 cowardice on our part to disconnect our,
 interests from theirs; cowardice, as
 those who are linked with them in op
 pression; cowardice, as Americans at
 tempting to avoid the responsibility of
 battling against the shame and degra
 tion that arises at the mention of Amer
 ica, because of her holding men and
 brethren in bonds. It would break
 down the sustaining prop, the hope
 which bouys and sustains the shame; it
 would give security to the slave mas
 ter; it would have the effect to lessen
 the happy sympathy, the beating heart,
 which is beginning to throb in the
 American breast. Aye, this sympa
 thy, this beating heart, is observed in
 no manner more forcible than in its op
 position to the fugitive slave law, inter
 ested parties attempt to conceal the
 fact, as they may and do; Castle Gar
 den meetings may be held; Union
 Committees formed; Websters become
 the paid subjects of Wall and State
 streets; Footes invited to desecrate the
 name of Washington; Fillmores may
 issue their proclamations to make
 themselves ridiculous—all (£is may be
 done, and more, but there is no con
 cealing the fact, that Northern hearts,
 with a few exceptions, have no sympa
 thy with the fugitive slave law and will,
 whenenever they can, nullify its pro
 visions.
 We are not to be forced or enticed
 from our native land* Nay, if they fin
 ish their steamships with even more
 splendor, and make their tables groan
 with viands more rare, than those lound
 in our steam palaces, yet they will
 Lay rotting on the was,
 ere they will be regarded as an induce
 ment for us to leave our homes. The
 Ebony line is an idea to lull, to satisfy,
 to cover over, to smother the sympathy
 for us, and against the fugitive slave
 law; but it will signally fail. Aye,
 even the magic influence of Henry
 i Clay cannot effect it. We could sup
 pose that he would be one of the first
 passengers, in the line, sooner than
 1 we, for in Liberia he might become
 President, were he not impressed with
 the fact that, in a short—very short—
 time, he will wing his flight to heaven,
 I or somewhere else.
 1 We have not as yet secured for our
 selves a character—reputation. We
 are but the immediate descendants of
 those who have been reared under all
 manner of depressing influences, in ig
 norance, in an ignorant section of the
 country, and Southern plantations; we
 have not had a fair trial; our position
 has been a stooping one. We are be
 ginning to feel the necessity of standing
 erect. We have too generally occu
 pied menial positions, which has been
 urged against us. This must be
 changed; this is being changed. Our
 children—the children of those who oc
 cupy menial positions—are being edu
 cated to a more refined taste. Not
 however, to discard honorable labor.
 They will possess all the requisites to
 success and advancement. They in
 herit a spirit of endurance, a virtue
 necessary to success. I’hey ate sen
 sitive, which creates perception. They
 have strength, being the descendants
 of muscular frames. They are being
 educated, let their children be op
 pressed as they are. Keep them op
 pressed, cast down, as we have and our
 fathers hare been, and you have ac
 complished that which to us seems phy
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS.THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
sically and morally impossible. They
 will be respected here socially andty&gt;-
 litically. Believing this and admiring
 the principles of our Government; be
 lieving that the country is by nature,
 blest with advantages far b&amp;yisnd those
 afforded in Africa, or anywhere else,
 how can any one expect, even Horace
 Greeley himself, that the colored man
 will leave this country No; Horace
 Greeley will go first, for he seems, of
 late.to.hav* a Y erv lively Interest in Af
 rica. TVot but that there will be cases or
 individual emigration; this may be ex
 pected. It betakes efa spirit of enter
 prise in keeping with the progress of
 our people; but no such emigration
 should extend to a committal of our
 people, to an alienation of our people
 from their country, to a disconnec
 tion of interests, responsibilities and
 hopes, with other Americans.
 Your Committee read with sorrow
 and regret, the communication in The
 New York Tribune of the 10th instant,
 relative to the Liberia Agricultural
 Association,” it being evident, from the
 reading of the same, that it is an aux
 iliary and ally to the Colonization
 movement; that its members, its de
 fender, and recommenders, are bedfel
 lows with the leading Colonizationists
 of our city, and that it must necessarily
 receive our censure and condemnation.
 The British Government is consider
 ing the feasibility and profitableness of
 our people emigrating to the British
 West Indian islands. We regard the
 spirit dictating the plan as selfish, be
 sides, it would not afford a pecuniary
 inducement to the mass; at the same
 time, all the objections urged in this
 report against emigrating to Africa ap
 ply to it, with the following differences:
 The Colonization Society of this coun
 try is dictated by hate; these encoura
 ging emigration to the West Indies are
 not; that the African climate is more
 enervating than that of Jamaica;
 that in the case of Liberia, it is a pro
 scriptive government, excluding men
 because of their complexion, whilst the
 other knows of no such distinctions.
 Your Committee would recommend our
 people to remain firm, in the face of all
 threats and inducements, to their oft
 repeated resolve, to live, die, and be
 buried in the graves of their fathers;
 to remove to the country to become
 tillers of the soil; that if anyone be
 determined upon emigrating from the
 country, that they emigrate to Ja
 maica, and not to Liberia; that per
 sons emigrating to Jamaica, or other
 places, to engage wherever they can in
 commercial trade with those they leave
 behind.
 All of which is most respectfully sub
 mitted.
 Geo. T. Downing.
 This document was received with
 the moßt enthusiastic-applause.
Dr. James McCune Smith read the
 following document as Chairman of the
 Committee of three on the condition of
 the People of Color:
 Report on the Social Condition of the Peo
 ple of Color around New York City, and an
 the best means of ameliorating the same.
 The subject, social condition, embra
 ces domestic economy, social inter
 course, standard of morals, habits of
 thought, and general aim or tendency.
 These are too great a variety ol mat
 ters to be well discussed in a single
 paper, and some of them are hardly
 pertinent to this Convention The
 most immediately practical among them
 is, domestic economy—the most im
 portant, the general aim.
 On these two subjects a few remarks
 will be made and one or two sugges
 tions offered.
 That we aim to advance, in common
 with the rest of the American people, is
 true, because we are constantly be
 seeching them not to bar our progress
 by unequal laws.
 That we do advance in the teeth
 of the most tremendous opposition ever
 encountered by men, is a point on
 which I must, for the present, waive
 the expression of any decision. We
 are so mixed up in the heat and the
 smoke of the battle, that we can see
 too little of our absolute or relative po
 sition. Three or four facts, however,
 are noteworthy:—
 1. Accident has, on two recent occa
 sions, enabled a few colored men to
 save the State to the Whigs, and the
 Whigs have courteously thanked us by
 frowns and curses, and by introducing
 a bill into the State Legislature to ap
 propriate $20,000 per annum for our
 removal to the coast of Guinea.
 2. It has become more current than
 ever to talk of our removal from this
 country, as if we were .wild Indians, or
 tares growing among the wheat.
 3. Balls and feasts, in which we have
 expended some ten thousand a year,
 are losing caste among us, and have not
 paid this winter.
 4. From some causes not well de
 fined, there is a very general restless
 ness among us; a determination to do
 something more than we have been
 doing.
 CAN WE DO ANYTHING MORE?”
 Hitherto we have acted with little
 concert, and less organization, yet we
 have done fair fight; we have now a
 reputation for endurance and plasticity
 from our worst foes. If we organize
 thoroughly we can do much more.
 SHALL WE ORGANIZE IN THE CITY?’*
 The advantages about city life with
 us are, Ist, that a larger number of us
 can be within short distance of each
 other, and thereby may easily organize
 without such disadvantage as would
 grow from the same number being
 banded io a single county.
 We get forge amount of friction
 without being so condensed as to be
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1851.
reached by a law for removing us from
 any rural locality—such laws as expa
 triated Indians and Mormons. We car
 be, if we will, much better provided foi
 in the matter of education j n the city
 than we could in the country. We
 can, if we choose, throw vastly more
 trade of our own and of other people, in
 the way of each other in the city, than
 we cnuld in the country*
 The disadvantages of our city life, I
 mean those peculiar tuies —for all city
 me is, alter all, a kind of hot-houae for
 cing of human beings —a, Q the follow
 ing—Our lives are much ehoriened.
 Look at the preponderance of widows
 and children among us. They so far
 exceed the calamities of mere sickness,
 that our benevolent societies have been
 obliged to cut off the widows and or
 phans, in order to heal the sick.
 Next, the seductions of the city—
 policy gambling, porter-houses, with
 their billiards and cards, create a gang
 oflazaroni of both sexes; women has
 tening through the streets, with their
 bonnets untied; men, shirtless and
 shoeless, hanging round the corners,
 or standing, walking, gutter-tumbling
 —signs which our foes call the type of
 our condition.
 3. Ci*y life shuts us from general
 mechanical employment; white jour
 neymen in the cities refuse to work
 with us, and colored bosses have either
 too little capita], or too little enterprize
 to bring up and employ apprentices and
 journeymen.
 4th. From the necessity of seeking
 employment in the city, as servants,
 porters, &amp;c., our manhood is, in a
 measure, demeaned, lowered, kept
 down; and I doubt much whether man
 hood flourishes very much among citi
 zens of any class.
 sth. The enormous combination of
 capital which is slowly iavading every
 calling in the city, from washing and
 ironing to palace steamers, must tend
 more and more to grind the face of the
 poor in the cities, and render them
 more and more the slaves of lower wa
 ges and higher rents.
 No sane man can doubt, from this or
 any comparison of the kind that coun
 try life is the better choice for our peo
 ple; not consolidated, isolated country
 life, but a well mixed country and vil
 lage life. The matter of education,
 the great disadvantage of country life
 might be remedied by concert of ac
 tion.
 I seriously hope, therefore, that this
 convention will, among its first acts, ap
 point a committee and place funds at
 its disposal, by which it may be enabled
 to concoct some efficient plan of remo
 val of a large proportion of our people
 into the rural districts—partly as far
 mers, partly as business men, partly as
 mechanics.
 In the meantime, let us not forget,
 that while there is a certain and posi
 tive limit to our advancement in the
 city, there can be no such daily in
 creasing barrier in the country.
 In the meantime also, while prepa
 ring to leave the city, let us look a lit
 tle practically into the social economies
 in practice here in the city, an econ
 omy, which of itself, would save enough
 to send into the country and snugly set
 up one out of every ten city families
 per year; and first, about
 HOUSE RENT.
 In the rear of No. 71 Laurens street,
 is a back lot, which cost $2,500: on it
 are erected two buildings, which cost
 $O,OOO. Total $8,500. Interest on
 which at 7 per cent, is $595; and add
 for taxes, insurance and wear $lOO,
 making full cost as $695 per year.
 These two buildings arc occupied by
 twenty colored families, who pay an
 average of $7 each per month; that is
 $1,680 per year. Here is a clear
 profit to the landlord of $985 per year,
 above interest and expense.
 Here then, in the single item of rent,
 twenty families are paying enough to
 fit out two families a year most amply
 and abundantly for the country.
 Again; if those buildings were owned
 by a colored Saving Institution, whose
 surplus funds should be devoted to set
 ting up colored young men on farms,
 such institution, after paying deposit
 ors six per cent, would have a splendid
 surplus for starting farmers or men in
 other business. If we take a larger
 view of this matter of house rent, the
 results are amazing. According to tho
 above estimate, each one of the twenty
 families in the rear of 17 Laurens
 street, is paying thirty-five per year
 too much for house rent.
 There are some 2,500 colored fami
 lies in New York and its vicinity; say
 that each family pays only ten dollars a
 year too much for house rent, and that
 these families could, by organization,
 retrench, and accumulate that sum per
 year; and we would save, in thia one
 item, $25,000 per year.
 FUEL,
 Is next in importance. Our 2,000 fam
 ines consume at least two and a half
 tons of coal per year, making 4,500
 tons. At least two-thirds of these
 2,000 families buy their coal by the
 bushel or peck, thereby paying two
 dollars per ton more than the market
 price, which is a sacrifice of $6,000
 per year. Then, if theae two thousand
 families combined to buy their own coal
 at the wharf, they could aave, by pur
 chasing cargoes, one dollar on each
 ton, at least, which is $10,500. Al
 lowing the nire of a coal yard at $BOO
 each, there would be a clear gain of
 $B,lOO in the single matter of ctal, if
 we would thorougly organize thia Shat
 ter
 By similar calculations, it can be
 shown that we could easily aave $20,-
 000 on groceries and food, and $lO,OOO
 on wearing apparel; besides setting up
in successful and commanding business
 such men as are capable, intelligent,
 and trustworthy.
 Hence the entire saving that would
 be effected in those domestic econo
 mies would be $53,000 per year.
 How can this saving be effected
 It may be effected by a thoroughly
 organized mutual savings’ bank. Not
 a common five or six per cent savings’
 bank, which is, according to Proudhon,
 a sign of misery, but an efficiently or
 ganised hank, wki-i. «ii th« deposit
 ors should at the time be shareholders
 and full participants in all the profits.
 Such an institution, Jo be practica
 ble, would require the exercise of a
 large amount of mutual faith and mu
 tual confidence; faith enough in col
 ored men to entrust them with large
 sums; confidence enough in their bu
 siness tact for the successful manipula
 tion of their money.
 The bank will require a structure
 somewhat different from our ordinary
 banks. Ist. It should have power to
 buy and sell real estate. 2d. It should
 have power to discount good paper.
 3d. It should have power to loan mon
 eys on bond and mortgage on real and
 personal estate. 4th. It should have
 power to buy and sell merchandize.
 I am prepared to go into further de
 tails about this bank. Other gentlemen,
 members of this convention, have paid
 sufficient attention to the matter to
 make an immediate report. I would
 respectfully suggest that a committee
 be appointed to report on this matter.
 VVeare in condition to adopt and
 carry out such report immediately.
 We have sufficient capital already
 stored in the savings banks to start one
 of our own, of the kind we need.
 What end should we aim at in this
 economy? By a savings bank?
 We must not regard this bank, nor
 its economies, as an end; it is only a
 means to help out the more desirable
 ends of our advancement in the com
 munity or State to which we belong,
 and the larger end of advancing the in
 terests of the community at the same
 time.
 To do this, we must leave the city,
 its seductions, its oppressions and bale
 ful atmosphere, and seek to expand our
 elbows, our lungs and our energies in
 the free air of the rural districts. We
 arc already provided with land in a
 rapidly growing section of the State.—
 Let us economize enough to go and
 settle that land, by five or six families
 at a time; and by and by our economies
 can extend to the exchange of the
 country products, timber, cattle, pota
 toes, for goods bought by our banks in
 the city, and forwarded at low rates.
 Another suggestion. There is enough
 in our condition to cause us to meet
 frequently and discuss it calmly, search
 ingly. This American people is, after
 all, like a large and energetic stomach;
 its powers of assimilation are tremen
 dous; it can knead together Dutch,
 Irish, brickbats, mountains of stone or
 gold, arctic regions and torrid heats—
 “a very capable stomach, that,” you
 will say. So it is; but then it has a
 left-handed trick, which, like all things
 coming from that direction, is sudden
 and fearfully energetic —it has the
 trick of casting out, disintegrated and
 ground to powder, whatever it cannot
 assimilate. We must either go in and
 assimilate, or wake up on some fine
 morning and find ourselves spewed over
 the broad Atlantic!
 We had better look to it. We
 should meet twice, better three times a
 year, and talk over what we have at
 stake, and what we bad better do.—
 Domestic economy, as I said, is but
 part of our social relations; it is the
 foundation of social contentment.—
 When we have settled and consolidated
 this, we may go into our social sins and
 short comings and amend them.
 The Doctor, after concluding the
 reading ef the report, said that there
 wero $40,000 or $50,000 of the colored
 people invested in savings’ banks in
 Wall street, and he then presented the
 following resolution:
 Resolved, That a committee of three
 be appointed, with power to present the
 form of a mutual saving institution, em
 bracing the matters of house rent, fuel
 and other domestic wants; and that one
 of the conditions of membership of said
 institution shall be, a pledge to abstain
 frem policy gambling.
Mr. Louis H. Putnam read the report
 of the Committee on Political Rela-i
 lions, as follows:
 REPORT ON POLITICAL RELATIONS.
 Mr. President and Fellow-citizens:
 As a Committee on the Political Rela
 tions of the colored people, we beg
 leave to submit the following report as
 the result of our deliberation.
 It is no ordinary task to prepare a
 document sufficiently comprehensive to
 convey a correct idea of the necessity
 and the intention of this report, and wc
 can only console ourselves with the
 pleasing reflections, that in discharging
 the duty which has devolved upon us,
 we were governed by the strongest
 inclination to serve the interest of our
 people.
 On a careful examination of our po
 litical history, we have arrived at the
 conclusion that, since 1811, there has
 existed in this country a disposition to
 extinguish the rights and privileges
 which were enjoyed by all freemen pre
 vious to that date. The spirit by which
 the American people were governed
 during the revolutionary war, was man
 ifested in the first constitution of this
 and other States of the Union, by ex
 tending to all freemen, above twenty
 one years, the right of franchise, irre
 spective of complexional considerations.
 The fact that wa exercise the privi-
TERMS—S 2 Per iiiu, Invariably Ii .Urticc.^
lege under a proscriptive provision in
 the Constitution, and that in New Jer
 sey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and in
 the Southern and Western States, our
 people are deprived of it entirely, is a
 sufficient proof that a less liberal feel
 ing exists towards us. The baneful
 effect which has resulted from proscrip
 tive legislation, has developed itself in
 all the ramifications of our existence in
 this country. The principle which has
 prompted these proceedings against the
 colored people, is based upon the false
 xtia an j n f er i or
 race, and are incapable of exercising
 sufficient judgment in the political af
 fairs of the country. If this slander
 could be sustained by a single fact, it
 would afford us some satisfaction to
 know that white men are not free from
 this weakness. The report of the com
 mittee of the Common Council of this
 city, in reference to the use of convicts
 to vote for respectable candidates,ought
 to be sufficient to destroy the objections
 against extending the franchise to the
 colored people. But the same principle
 has developed itself in caucus meetings,
 composed of persons who consider
 themselves far superior to us in point
 of morals; and although the tendency
 is to destroy the purity of the ballot
 box, yet there is no remedy for this
 evil. We do not allude to these trans
 actions with hopes of receiving any
 consolation for'the treatment we have
 received, but to state the fact that there
 are colored men, who are deprived of
 their right, if they were in possession
 of it, they would not debase their man
 hood by bartering away their votes.
 The line which has so distinctly di
 vided the colored and the white people
 in this State, has placed us in a position
 so anomalous, that even in cases where
 the preponderance in favor of the suc
 cessful party was the result of our
 votes, yet it has never yet been ac
 knowledged by those whose political
 interests were subserved by it.
 The conclusion arrived at from these
 facts will show, that our efforts to pro
 mote the interests of either of the poli
 cal parlies, are gratuitous on our part;
 and for the future, we ought to be gov
 erned by such means as will enable us
 to subserve any design which may be
 deemed necessary to defeat either of
 the two, if their principles should be
 considered at war with our interest. To
 carry out this idea, we must abandon
 our individual connection with the old
 parties, and establish an organization
 throughout the State, to enable us to
 support such candidates as are known
 to be men who will defend the rights of
 the oppressed. We have five thousand
 colored voters in this State, which are
 sufficient to enable us to control the
 State or Presidential elections, except
 ing under extraordinary circumstances,
 such as governed the political element
 during the campaign which resulted in
 elevating to the Presidency the late
 Gen. Taylor.
 To view this subject superficially,
 and in connection with the fact that
 there are more than four hundred thou
 sand voters in the State, it would ap
 pear not only egotistical in us to as
 sume so much in favor of our ability,
 but it would be considered by many as
 an absurdity. But as these assumptions
 should be sustained by some facts, we
 will present such as will be sufficient to
 bear out our premises. The political
 parlies in this State are so nearly equal
 that less than two hundred votes were
 sufficient to carry the election last No
 vember, which does not exceed the
 number of colored freeholders in Wil
 iiamsburgh and Brooklyn. In 1844,
 the majority for the Electoral Colleges
 was 1,500, which will show that, under
 the most favorable circumstances, no
 party could succeed if opposed by five
 thousand voters, unless there should be
 a great change in the relative strength
 of the whig or democratic party in this
 State. There are times when the State
 may be parried by a very large vote,
 as in the election of the late Governor
 Wright, and also his successor; but it
 occurs from want of harmony in the
 ranks of either of the cortfending par
 ties. But in this review, no inference
 could be drawn which can in anywise
 change the main features of the prem
 ises upon which we have based our cal
 culation.
 But the most important question that
 presents itself in this connection, is,
 whether the Anti-Slavery party will
 assume a position which will harmonize
 with the ideas embodied in this report.
 The answer to this question cannot
 emanate from us, but from those to
 whom it refers.
 The necessity of identifying our
 selves with the liberty party, has been
 before us for the last twelve years; but
 as we could not see how our interest
 could be promoted by that organization
 we have acted on a different basis.
 The important questions to be de
 cided in this State by the next election,
 makes it imperative that the colored
 people ano the liberty party should
 unite upon a plan that wilt enable us to
 act in an effective manner, in all the
 counties in the State, against any com
 bination which may have for its aim the
 suppression of any measures which may
 be deemed as involving the interest of
 freedom.
 The propriety of acting on the prop
 osition of your committee may be ques
 tioned by some, but every man in this
 country who appreciates the motives by
 Svhich we are governed, will commend,
 and not censure it. On former occa
 sions, we have pursued the course
 which would harmonise with the views
 ,of the party we designed to support;
 hut as our organizations were not suffi
 ciently extensive to command any re
 spect, many who owed their iloetiOß to
WHOLE NO. 172.
our votes were the most active in op
 posing our interests.
 From this cause, the liberty party
 as slo °d out from other organizations;
 but as the time has come for ns to oc
 cupy a position in defence of our rights,
 let no man shrink from the responsibil
 ity which may devolve upon him.
 The objection which has been urged
 against the old political parties for their
 want of honesty, is not sufficient to jus
 tify us in leaving them In possession of
 the field, unless we had the means to
 Promote our iuterest without their aid.
 r our committee believe that the banner
 that waved over 120,0(10 freemen in this
 State in 1848, will again float to the
 breeze; and, in spite of all proscriptive
 organization against it, its cause will
 triumph.
 W e approved of the principle of the
 party, upon the ground of its national
 feature; and, as it involved the ques
 tion of freedom in the territory, it was
 sufficient to command our support.
 The position we occupied in ihe con
 test may be reviewed at the present
 time, to illustrate the idea in reference
 to the future; and, as our actions were
 in (harmony with the liberty party, it
 will be a sufficient justification on all
 occasions, when we may be called upon
 to|act from the same motives.
 In 1849 and ’5O, we supported a dif
 ferent ticket, and the result of the elec
 tion in November last will give a better
 idea of our strength than anything we
 can say in this report; but unless the
 «&lt;wa« a position that will enable
 them to command the conndtme* of tk*
 people, it is clear that they cannot
 maintain their anomalous organization.
 We wage no war against the whig or
 the democratic party, but against the
 servile principle that prompts men to
 act in opposition tc their honest convic
 tions.
 Mr. Chairman and fellow-citizens,
 in contemplating upon the futuie his
 tory of the State of New York, we
 strive in vain to suppress the deep emo
 tion of our feelings, and in spite of her
 oppressive treatment we are not un
 faithful to *her interest. We havesuf
 ficient confidence in the people of the
 Empire State to believe that we have
 their sympathy; and although time
 serving men may deceive them, and in
 terpose between us and our rights, yet
 justice will execute her will in behalf
 of our oppressed race.
 Signed, respectfully, by
 Lewis H. Putnam.
 Robt. Hamilton.
George Combe on Si.aterv.— ln all
 my wanderings in foreign countries, I
 have found intelligent men, eager to
 inquire into the condition and prospects
 of the United States of North America,
 when they heard that I had visited
 them; aud the descriptions which I
 gave cheered the hopes of the philan
 thropists, and animated the efforts of
 political reformers. But there was one
 dark stain on the fair face of the mighty
 Confederacy, which it was impossible
 for me either to hide or palliate—that
 of slavery. Again and again was the
 question put to me in sorrow, and not
 in anger. ‘‘But how is it possible for a
 people so moral, religious, enlightened,
 free, to defend and practice slavery?”
 What could I answer? The contradic
 tion between every principle which
 lies at the foundation of the American
 Institution, and of the Christian re
 ligion and slavery, was so complete,
 that an angel from heaven must have
 stood ashamed and dumb before every
 virtuous man who asked him for an
 answer to this question. I explained to
 my inquiring friends, that the odious
 system was begun under the British
 Government, long before America was
 free. “But why does it continue?”
 was the instant rejoinder to this state
 ment. If there is a living being in the
 United States who does not lament
 and shudder at this scourge of humani
 ty, he is dead, not only to the voice of
 conscience and of patriotism, but to
 the sense of shame and the honor of
 his country. The grand moral lesson
 which the United States is reading to
 the world is neutralized, nay, converted
 into a bitter mockery of reason, by
 slavery; and in every part of Europe
 where I have travelled, is this deplora
 ble truth known and lamented by the
 good, but hailed with pleasure and
 pointed to with triumph by the op
 pressor and his tool.
Ages of the Different Reignino
 Monarch* and Princes in 1851.
 The following are the present ages of
 the different reigning monarchs:—
 Great Britain, Queen Victoria, aged
 32 years; Austria, Emporor Francis
 1., 21; Russia, Emperor Nicholas 1.,
 55; Spain, Queen Donna Maria Isa
 bella 11., 21; Portugal, Queen Donna
 Maria 11., 32; Prussia, King Frederick
 William IV., 56; Holland, William
 11., 59; Belgium, Leopold 1., 61; Den
 mark, Frederick VIII., 43; Sweden,
 Oscar II 52; Popedom of Pius IX.,
 56; Sardinir, King Victor Emanuel,
 31; Turkey, the Grand Sultan, Abdul
 Medjib, 28; Hanover. King Ernest 1.,
 80; Greece, King Otho 1., 36; and
 France, Louis Napoleon, President,
 43. It will thus be seen that there are
 three reigning queens, England. Spain,
 and Portugal, and one President of
 France. The King of Hanover is the
 oldest monarch. Minor States:—The
 Two Sicilies, Ferdinand II; 39; Wir
 tenburg, William, 66; Saxe Cobourg,
 Ernest, 63; Tuscany, Leopold, 11., 49;
 Bavaria, Louis, 61; Oldenberg, Au
 gustas, 64; Baden, Leopold, 57;
 Saxony, Frederick, Augustus, 50;
 and the Brazils, Don Pedro 11., 22,
 Emperor
 love of right and justice is
 an element to be recognized and culti
 va'ed. By this, wisdom and power are
 equalized. The civil liberty of a coun
 try is to be measured not by the condi
 tion of the richest, but by that of the
 poorest of its citizens. The spectacle
 of other ages has been noble—of men
 defending their own rights. But the
 spectacle of ours is sublime—of men
 taking* care of those who are too weak
 to help themselves. Christianity must
 be bankrupted, or liberty must become
 universal. Neither you nor I believe
 that the banner will be torn from the
 hand of God! H. W. Beecher.
Thi United States. —According to
 the official returns for the census of
 iB6O, the white race numbers 19,879,-
 311; the free colored, 500,000; the
 slaves, 3,205,492; in all, 23,674,706.
 The increase in ail classes of popular
 tion is within a fraction of fort/ per
 _ _ _ _
