The WORTH STAR u published every
 Thurndnr. at No. 35. Buffalo Street.
 (Opposite the Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a laa* term than
 ■ix month*.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three time* for one dollar; ever* subsequent inner*
 lion, twenty-fits cent*.
The object ofthe North Star willbelo abolia
 SLAVERY in all it* form* and aspect*; advocat
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standaid
 of public morality, promoie the moral and intellec
 tual improvement ot the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 9* All communication* relating to the butinets
 mattm of the paper, names of sufoscriliers, remit
 tances, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglas*, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 09* Agents, and all oilier* sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Poet ofice,
 the (Jaunty, and the State. Earn Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Q 9» Aiiy person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for year.
 All letter* and'communications must be post paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —Rl. Wallcut, 21, Corhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Buffiira, Lynn;
 Bourns Spoouer, l'lymoutb.
 Connecticut. —Jat&gt;ea Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New Yor*. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Hartted, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watu Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Uuee" County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedhn; Wil
 •Us Keese, Pern, Clinton County; J. F. P&lt;ntt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey,Geneva; E. L. Platt, Batii;
 Willis Stark, Medium, Orleans Co.; William Brom
 ley, Lock port.
 Rhode Island.— Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 ris!&gt;rTlTi!n*.-Tti nt. a«—»*.
 Fifth Street, Philada; *Vro. ‘Shipper, Columbia;
 Milo A. Townsend. New Brighton; B. E. Mown,
 Salem; Ebenexer Black, 14 Barclay Street, Phila
 delphia.
 New Jersey. —Alfred G Campbell, Paterson.
 Ouiu.—J, J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Charles
 Hand, Harveyslnirgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton. Loweliville, Mahoning County; J.
 D. Fatter.-on, Olierlin; S. D. Jenkins, Columbbns.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J
 B. Barnes, Ow isao, Shiawaase Co.
 I ir in a 5 a. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Hemv O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hay ward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada. —John J »mes Oarev. Toronto.
 West Inches. —Joseph F. Durham, Esq.,
 Tuik's Island.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
SPEECH OF GV.O. THOMPSON IN
 TORONTO.
 Citizens of Toronto: —The adver
 tisements which have convened this
 meeting have already informed you
 that I appear in this hall to-night to de
 liver a lecture upon the Evils of Sla
 very. Idoso on the invitation of the
 Anti-Slavery Society of Canada. I re
 joice over the formation of that body,
 and that its head quarters are to be in
 this beautiful, improving and important
 city. It was called into existence, as I
 learn from its constitution, to cry
 •loud to your neighbors beyond the
 line, to stay their hands from prosecu-
 I &lt;ig a sys em of iniquity, and to invite
 and urge them by every consideration
 arising from our common Christianity,
 to put a stop to it forever by the Abo
 lition of Slavery. 1 am glad to find
 that this duty is to be performed in the
 spirit of those who entertain the feelings
 of brethren and friends toward the in
 habitants ofihe neighboring Slates, and
 that you disclaim any desire to inter
 meddle oflicious'y with the internal af
 fair* of lh.il great, glowing Mid mighty
 people, from whom you are separated
 by so short a distance. The work you
 have purposed to yourselves is worthy
 of you, and the «pirit in which you pro
 pose to prosecute it is worthy of you,
 aud of those with whom you purpose to
 co-nperate, as of those also, to whom
 your Christian remonstrances and
 brotherly rebukes will be directed. I
 am rejoiced to find also that you hear
 tily bid God-speed to the noble and
 ever-increasing band of Christians and
 Patriots in the United States, who pub
 licly plead without fear or favor the
 cause ol their enslaved fellow-citizens.
 In this you do well. The true aboli
 tionists ol the United States are emi
 nently worthy of your admiration, your
 encouragement and G&lt;*d speed. The
 world does not contain a nobler band
 of men and women. In proportion as
 you learn to know them, you will
 leayn to love them, and to regard
 them as that part of the popula
 tion of the great American Union, who
 are doing most for the diffusion of those
 Divine principles, which lie at the foun
 dation of the great doctrine of the uni
 versal brotherhood of man, and of the
 equal regard of our common parent for
 all the children of the human family.
 At a British subject I feel peculiarly
 happy in being with you on this occa- i
 •ion. lam increasingly happy to find
 myself upon the same platform in the
 new world, with those who have been
 my fellow-laborers in the cause of
 Emancipation in the old world—to find
 them still alive, active and vigorous in
 the cause in which we labored and tri
 umphed on the shores of our native
 cou try, to find, too, that they have
 faith in the power and universality ol
 the truths which were successfully a~j
 plied to our own Colonial system of ne
 gro bondage. This is as it should be.
 Wc won the victory over West Indian
 bondage—not because we were Brit
 ons, hut because the truths we
 preached were divine, universal, and
 •ternal. Tins is no question of lati
 tude and longitude—it is a human
 auestion. I ask not, is the slave my
 fellow-subject, but is he a man? I ask
 not, do 1 stand upon British or Amer
 ican soil, but am I still in God’s domin
 ions? Am I still under the law of the
 Supreme Ruler, and are the great
 pr.uciples of morality and justice still
 tat same? If my brother is held in un
 just bondage, my message is the same,
 whether it be to my own or any other
 human government. Thus saith the
 lord, break every yoke, and let the
 oppressed go free”. I have come
 a.nongst you to ciscuss the question on
 no low or narrow grounds. In my
 wind it ftiks itself indissolubly with
 •very topic within the entire range of
 religion and human duty. It ascends
 to the very being of God, and has to do
 with His character, His attributes, and
 Hi* moral government of the world. It
 entwinos itself around the spiritual na
 ture, hopes, fears, joys, sorrows—the
 present condition and future destinies
 of man. It must be understood before
 we aan comprehend man’s responsibili
 ties, or know the meaning of the com
 mand “I am (he Lord thy God, and
 thou ahalt have no other God befort
 roe. This question cannot be separa
 ted f om 'be doctrine of a future ant
 and of a just and uner-
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK BOTCLISS, Etllor lit ProprlHor.
VOL. lV r NO. 17.
ring retribution. It cannot be dis
 joined from the capacity, imprnveable
 neaa and immortality of the soul. Ii
 concerns the all-important questions o
 the inspiration, authority, and interpre
 tation o| Scripture. It defines the limit
 of human statutes, and settles the ques
 tion of the paramount claims and obli
 gations of the law of individual con
 science, and of God. It must be studied
 if we would know who is our neighbor
 and what is our duty towards him, or
 to what extent we are authorized in ap
 plying the principles of the everlasting
 ffosnel end the truths aT i.
 the affairs of the world. As far as I
 have been connected with the great
 question of slavery, it has been with me
 a question of politics. It is transcend
 ency—it is infinitely above all human
 politics. If there be a principle at the
 bottom of this question—or in other
 words, if there be any truth in the doc
 trine that there is a God—that he is the
 Creator and Governor of the world—
 that he is the sole proprieior of man—
 and that man belongs of right to him
 self, and is responsible only to the Su
 preme Ruler lor his actions, then sla
 very is not an institution to be
 regulated, but a crime to be abol
 ished—not a condition to be mod
 ified, but a wrong to be redrCssed,
 I then religiou and morality demand that
 (he evil doer return to the allegiance he
 owes to God, and the slave be instantly
 restored to his rights as a man. This
 whole subject revolves itself into the
 question. Can man hold property in
 man? If this question be answered in
 the affirmative, then we have no ground
 to stand upon. Then *ve are impel ti
 nent intermeddle!s, whether we speak
 against slavery on English, Canadian,
 or American soil. But if it be an
 swered in the negative, then our feet
 are placed upon a rock, and our com
 mission is, Go ye into all the world,
 and wherever ye find the Divine Crea
 tor and sole proprietor of man de
 throned by the usurpation of his pre
 rogative; denounce the daring impiety,
 and that God be restored ro his rightful
 dominion, by the restoration of liberty
 to that subject of his government who
 who is now held in chattel bond
 age.” Giant that inan may hold prop
 erty in man, and you are a trespass! i
 on the plantation, and an invader of le
 gitimate rights. Deny the infernal doc
 trine, and you are a true and lo)al sub
 ject of the King of Kuigs—the vindica
 tor of His outraged tights—the restorer
 of his children—the upholder of His
 government —aye, and the savior ot
 the slaveholder himself. Go foith in
 the strong belief that man cannot have
 property in man, and you are at once
 a co-worker with God. You aie ai
 once in harmony with universal truth
 —your doctrine finds an eclio in every
 human heart—the consciences of all
 meft are on your side—you have at
 once enlisted the affections, agonies,
 exaltations and hopes of humanity on
 your side. Can man hold property in
 inan? Can man become a God on the
 one hand? can man become a beast on
 &lt;he other? Can the master be man
 and God in the same person? or can
 t ie slave be man and beast in the same
 person? Can a creature own an equal
 tellow-creature? Can the potsherd say
 unto the potsherd—“ Thou art miner”
 Can the sinner be God over his fellow?
 Or can another man, formed like him,
 be at once free to serve God, and
 doomed to serve a man Be a rational,
 immortal and accountable soul in his
 relation to God —a marketable, degra
 ded beast, who may be manacled,
 scourged, branded, hunted and shot
 like a wild animal, in his relation to
 man? Has the master a soul? So has
 the slave. Is the master responsible?
 So is the slave. Has the master affec
 tions? So has the slave. Does the
 master hope fear, rejoice So does the
 slave. Must the master be free, that
 he may fulfil the purposes for which he
 was born, and glorify God in the use of
 his faculties? So equally must the
 man he calls his property. Would the
 master, if he were made a slave, re
 gard his doom as worse than death and
 lose the crown of glory Irom his brow?
 It is even so with the slave. Away for
 ever then with the doctrine that has
 tilled the world with woe, that inan,
 whose breath is in his nostrils, can have
 property in his fellow man. If these
 views be admitted to be correct, with
 what feelings must that system be re
 garded which makes merchandize ol
 three millions of the human race, or
 one hundred and twenty times as many
 as the entire population of the City ol
 Toronto. A system, too, which entails
 slavery upon the posterity of these
 three millions to the very latest gene
 ration. Yet, such is the system which
 at this moment sheds its balelul influ
 ence over every part of the Great Re
 public Co which you are so near neigh
 bors. I hree millions of tmbru’ed men,
 women and children, the chattels ol
 20,000 tyrannical and sordid men—the
 disgrace, us they are the curse ot their
 species. A money-making confedera
 tion, to which the stock is in human
 hearts and human souls. While other
 men call themselves rich in flocks, and
 herds, and fields and farms, these men
 count their riches according to the
 number of souls that tremble at their
 glance, and the capacity of their hu
 man cattle to increase and multiply.
 They rear children as you would rear
 sheep or calves—they put beauty, and
 lovliness, and youth, and purity, and in
 telligence and piety up at auction, and
 sell them to the highest bidder. They
 sell their own children without remorse,
 and are filling the shambles of America
 vith the best blood of Virginia and the
 Carolines. Ob, what a monster it
 satisfied with the legitimate
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS TBBjrATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARB BRETHREN.
dominion given him by hie Create
 ov ir the beasts of the field, the fowls c
 the sir, and the fish of the sea—not sal
 isfied with every tree of the garden,—
 with every green meat, an
 the cattle upon a thousand hills—no
 satisfied with the promise that sum
 mer and winter, seed time and harves
 will never cease”— he has put fortl
 his hand, and taken hold upon tha
 which God had reserved for himself—
 the only creature made to glorify God
 by the faculties of a deathless soul;—
 that creature man has seised—has torr
 MMH* r~-i-rr iiii hnniM L«« IL
 hirn of his dignity, and stamped him a&lt;
 a beast. Aye, advertises hitn for salt
 with oxen and horses, and lashes hitn
 with a scourge to the shambles, where
 he is to be sold! And yet there are
 those, in America, who ask whether
 slavery is not a religious and divine ir.sti
 tution And lor what is rnan enslaved?
 What great purpose is accomplished
 by this robbery of God—the sacrilege
 ot man—the wreck of soul—this anni
 hilation of intellect—this wringing ot
 the heart-strings of humanity, this deg
 radation of tho loftiest being in tin
 world to the lowest condition of which
 a tamed brute is capable? Is there
 some grand object of stupendous mag
 nitude, which cannot be accomplished,
 unless this be done, and which make."
 it expedient if not right that one portion
 of the human race should be sacrificed,
 that the rest may be saved? It is, that
 a few may be idle themselves, and yet
 sell, rice tobacco, sugar and cotton. And
 it is asked, Is slavery religious? No
 man need »6k whether slavery be irre
 ligious. Can that be religious which
 dethrones God and puts man in hif
 place!* Can that be religious which
 strikes at the root at once of the free
 dom, responsibility, dignity and happi
 ness of man? Can that he religious
 which makes one man a tyrant and an
 other a slavel and creates a gulph be
 tween them, wide as that between tin
 burning seraph near the throne ol
 God, and the reptile that lives upon
 the vapor of a dungeon? Ask not
 whether it can be religious lor your
 own heart tells you it is not human}
 You shoot without remorse the wild
 beast that comes into your fold and
 steals the lambs of your flock. Sla
 vfciy waits till the agony of the mother
 is over, to plunder her of the fruit of
 her womb, and to write beast upon that
 brow which was intended to wear the
 stamp of intelligence, and the crown
 of immortality. How appalling is the
 state ol America, when viewed in con
 nection with the prostration of politics
 literature, commerce, social intercourse,
 and religion, before the spirit of sla
 very! To the man who looks through
 lorms, ceremonies, professions and
 creeds, to the actual and pervading
 spirit of a nation, America seems to
 have no actuating principle but slavery
 no God but slavery. At the South, the
 soil is monopolized by it. It over
 shadows millions of acres of the fairest
 portions of God’s creation. Every
 portion of the population is under it»
 direct and übsolute influence The
 patrician class are the slaveholders.
 1 heir wealth is computed in slaves.
 Their influence regulated by the num
 ber ol their slaves. Their resperti.b I
 tty measuied by the number of slaves.
 The slaves themselves are nothing 6e
 sides slaves. Their muscular power—
 their mechanic skill —their powers o
 endurance—their spiritual intelligence
 —their personal beauty—their fecun
 dt y, as be«ngs capable of multiplying
 their species—all weighed, tested, ap
 praised, in connection with slavery.
 The free people of color as they are
 called in mockery, are regarded as be
 low contempt. Having no marketable
 value, they are nuisances, eye-sores,
 and abominations—the very filth and
 ofl'seourmg of the body politic, to be
 got rid of, as soon as means can be de
 vised, to gather them up as the scum
 ol humanity to be thrown off the sur
 face of society, The nou-slaveholding
 whites in the South are a race of mon
 grels, who exist, not live; who are tol
 erated, not encouraged; and who have
 no status or position among their own
 kind. What the state of morals in such
 a community must be, it needs no sta
 tistics nor newspaper facts to prove.
 We know, however, from the records
 of every day, as well as from the de
 ductions of reason, the condition of the
 South in regard to morals. We know
 that, superadded to the vices ofthe fret
 States, there are crimes and immoral
 ities peculiar to the region of slavery.
 We know, that human lusts are with
 out a check or restrain. We know,
 that all that is precious to one of the
 sexes, is the sport of those who live to
 fcratify their passions. We know, that
 mari'iage —as an indissoluble tie, as a
 legal contract, as protected by law, as
 giving the husband the right to defend
 the wife, is utterly unknown amongsi
 the three millions of the South. We
 know that a bear in the forest, has a
 better chance of rearing unmolested bet
 whelps, and of keeping them when she
 has reared them, than the human
 mother who suckles slaves. We know,
 that symmetry and beauty, are the cur
 ses of their owners, and mark them out
 for infamy and perdition. We know,
 that Religion is made to coalesce vitn
 this slate of things. That the ministers
 of religion are slaveholders, slave
 breeders, graziers in human cattle,
 slave-whinpers; and the friends, co
 partners, and co-plunderers, with the
 vilest of the vile of the intelligent ere
 atiou. We know, that humanity is a
 crime. The love ofequaj freedom—the
 unpardonable sin; and that tho priest
 hood consent to the martyrdom of the
 emancipatist, and will told the clothes
 of those who atobt hull. How much
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THUMDAY, APRIL 17, 1851.
r better is it at the North!! The religion
 l of the North religion of
 ihe Souih I bare pfihftei letters in
 my written bjt dofebolding
 i ministers, since I cauwftf America,
 i boasting of the fraternal! seating ev
 erywhere given them mfjoejree States,
 —of »he pulpits thrown Ope* to them—
 i of the sacraments administered by them,
 and reporting*the state ail tl{s religious
 mind, as sound and kealtky the sub
 ject of slavery* What a fearful reve
 lation has the late fugitive dlye law led
 to. "It might have been to prove
 *et tkjt 1 wjmSK slsa 18h ataxe
 of the Northern American Churches.
 Christendom may stand aghast at the
 doctrines which have been preached by
 the descendants of the Puritans, since
 that Bill became the law of the United
 States. Take the entire range of
 Northern literature cf every class.—l.
 The penny papers that cater for the ap
 petites of tho multitude.—2, The pa
 pers that are the organs of trade and
 commerce.—3, The papers that sup
 port political parties —4, The papers
 that are the representatives of religious
 denominations.—s, The periodical lit
 erature, in the shape of magazines,
 reviews and miscellanies. Either they
 stoutly defend slavery—meanly apolo
 gize for slavery, or are profoundly si
 lent on the subject. An American
 canno* name the influential periodical
 journal, that writes in favor of human
 lily, and directly and equivocally con
 demns slavery. I have now referred
 to that description of literature which
 is carfully provided for the known
 moral and intellectual palates of the
 people. Are you not justified in infer
 ring tbe state of the public mind from
 these vindications? Take graver works.
 Woiks on moral prilosophy, Reprints
 of English works. Works on American
 History. Works on Political Econ
 omy. All contain the proofs, positive
 or negative, of the fact, that the spirit
 of slavery reigns in the department o!
 literature, as supremely as in the Cot
 ton and rice fields of Alabama or Car
 olina. These are startling and affect
 ing signs of the times. Look again at
 the tameness—the submissireness—the
 almost thankfulness with which th«
 North allows herself to be deprived ol
 her rights, and her* citizens going
 South to be treated worse than curs.
 She allows the crews of her vessels to
 be plundered of their citizen-rights,
 and thrust into dungeons, and sold to
 pay their jail fees, Sh« allows her own
 diplomatic ministers to be ordered oui
 of a Southern State by u Lynch com
 mittee. She allows her best sons to
 have their backs ploughed up—their
 heads shaved—their bodies tarred and,
 leathered —to he hunted, mobbed,
 ducked, drowned, imprisoned, cat
 hauled. branded, and shot like dogs—
 and never utters a woid of. remon
 strance. What is the only subject
 which wili now raise a mob?—Aboli
 tion. What is the worst character a
 man can bear in the Church?—The
 character of being an abolitionist j
 VV hat is the opinion a ruan takes most
 pains to conceal?—The opinion that
 Slavery is a curse and a disgrace to
 the country. What class of men, of all
 nthers, is it that may be ridiculed and
 libelled with impunity—in the pulpit, in
 public letters, in lyceums, at dinners,
 on political platforms?—Abolitionists,
 what meetings are they to which row
 dies and little boys know they may go—
 to shuffle, whistle, crow,and rough with
 impunity?—The meetings of abolition
 ists. What religious views are termed
 heresies? Those that view man a a
 man, whatever be his color or his coun
 try. What slave is it of all the slaves
 m the world, that an Arserican may
 not succour?—The slave born in his
 own country, and perchance the son ol
 one of its most distinguished patriots.
 What animal is it ihut a Southern man
 my hunt over all the valleys, hills and
 plains of the free States?— Man! The
 American Game Laws grant licenses
 to hunt this animal throughout the
 land, and make it a crime—ua y,treason
 —to attempt to succor, defend, or
 rescue the prey of the blood-scenters
 of the South, when on the track ol the
 flying and quivering fugitive. No
 American will deny that I have drawn
 a true picture of the state of his
 country.
 No American will deny that the pro
 slavery sentiment is the paramount sen
 timent of tbe United States. Slavery
 in America is superior to all law, for it
 is the controlling spirit of the country.
 There is no higher code than the
 bloody enactments of slavery. The
 great religious controversy at this mo
 ment in the United States is upon the
 question, whether there is any higher
 law than the Fugitive Slave Law; and
 the majority—the vast majority of the
 Divines go&gt; for the superior authority of
 the Congress, and preach openly to
 their congregations, that thus saith
 Millard Fillmore, is more binding than
 thus saith the Lord; and that a letter
 signed Daniel Webster is infinitely
 more worthy of attention than the Ser
 mon on the Mount. If anything more
 than another CRn prove the horrid in
 fluence and dominion of slavery in the
 United States, it is the fact that because
 the demon hates tbe Bible, the Chris
 tian denominations of that country have
 consented to withhold it from the three
 millions of Southern slaves. Yet, if
 any portion of the human race need
 the Bible, heaven knows, it is the
 slaves. This has always appeared to
 me the fact which above all others
 proved the demoralizing influence and
 atheistical character of slavery—that
 men who profess to regard tbe Bible as
 the Word of God aud tbe revelation of
 his will to tho children of non, should
 deliberate)/ oonoeot to see it withhold
from their fellow immortal beings and
 enter no protest against laws whicli
 punish the second offence of teaching
 the Bible with the penalty of death.—
 Christians of Toronto, of all sects! J
 summon you to-night to the rescue o!
 pure and undefiled religion from the
 dishonor cast upon it by slavery in the
 United States of America, if a nation
 is to be judged by its iruits, and ac
 cording to the prevailing influence
 which directs, controls and domineers
 in every department—in the field—on
 the exchange—in the closet of the au
 thor—the study of the minister—the
 /tS*e-m»*j r w iu„
 Conference of the Methodist—the Hall
 of Legislation—the Cabinet of the
 General Government—l ask you who
 is the God of America? Is this th*
 God who hath made of one blood ah
 nations of men to dwell on all the fact
 of the earth, and hath determined the
 bounds of their habitation”—the God
 who is no respecter of persons, wh*
 directed Philip to join himself to tht
 Ethiopian Eunuch” who hath said
 4 Cry aloud, spare not,” —the God who
 spake from the burning bush—who sent
 his son .to seek and save the lost—
 whose tender mercies are over all his
 works: Is this the God who is served
 in America? I see a consistency be
 tween the religion and the acts of th*
 devil-worshippers of interior Africa.—
 The medicine mummeries of the North
 American Indian correspond wilh th.
 habits and pursuits of these children ol
 the wilderness. I can understand th*
 Persic fire worshipper when he bow*,
 before the sacred flame, or hails ih«
 sun as he comes forth from the cham
 bers of the east. 1 can understand the
 Mahomedan—the warrior of the luitn—
 who goes forth with the sword in ont
 hand and the Koran in the other, to
 spread the religion of the Prophet. I
 can understand the Hindoo when ht
 washes in the Ganges, or prostrate*-
 himself under the wheels of Jugger
 naut; but I cannot understand the reli
 gion of America, and least of all rec
 oncile it, as it is seen in the lives of its
 professors, with that religion of love,
 whose object, aim, spiiit, duties, bless
 ings, hopes, rewards, honors and glo
 ries are liberty! whose founder came
 to preach deliverance to the captive,
 and the opening of the prison to them
 that are bound. Wherever I travel it.
 America, I am still in the realms of sla
 very. The country ;s magnificent and
 glorious the mountains are stupen
 dous and sublime—the rivers roll tlieii
 floods along in majesty and beauty
 the valleys stretch awa} in verdure and
 loveliness—there are towering steeples
 and multitudinous priests, and busy
 crowds hastening to worship, and a
 never-ending still beginning round oi
 rites, ceremonies and observances—
 there are loud and ostentatious procla
 mations of the duties and obligations oi
 religion, and thanksgivings, and feasts,
 and festivals; but all these hide not Iron,
 i he sight the presence of the foul demon
 of slavery—his spirit is everywhere—
 his dominion universal—his will depot
 ic. The glorious external creation
 seems but the vestibule of bis glorious
 temple, and all the rites and ceremonies
 of the people seem to be subordinate
 to the profound and soul-prostrating
 homage paid to this insatiate fiend,wh..
 has seated himself above all that is
 called God, and daily demands the liv
 ing death of three millions of the hu
 man race. Amidst all the temples of
 America, I see another, and entering
 its dreary portals, and penetrating to
 the chamber where sits this God ol
 America, 1 behold him amid all the
 symbols of pollution and woe, with his
 heel upon the manacled form of Amer
 ican Liberty, surrounded by crushed
 hearts, darkened souls, d&lt; flowered
 maidens, weeping Rachels, and lustful
 tyrant? —issuing his mandates for the
 enslavement of a continent—swaying a
 sceptre of scorpions over his quivering
 victims—a sceptre of iron over his vol
 untary, self-degraded vassals, arid with
 demoniacal exultation exclaiming—See
 how these Christians love one another!
 And this is the system that has to be
 abolished. Oh, this anti-slavery cause
 is a cause of surpassing greatness.
 There is nothing little about it but its
 advocates. If we would swell beyond
 the dwarfish dimensions of our own
 narrow souls—our own petty prejudices
 —let us gaze often and long upon the
 fabric we are seeking to extirpate.—
 There is real grandeur in the gloomy
 vastness of the huge superstructure of
 guilt we ere seeking to abolish. Try
 to measure its ciicumference, and you
 will fail. Let down the line into the
 horrid abyss, and you shall bring it up
 again, exclaiming O the depths!”
 Try to count the groans, and agonies,
 and sighs pressed by this system into
 every instant of time, and arithmetic
 shall fnil you. Try to penetrate the
 future and to grasp the issues of this
 system, and your imagination, halting
 and weary, shall give up in despair.—
 Try to compute the value of one of the
 millions of souls daily imbruted by this
 system—put it into the scale against
 the material universe, and it shall make
 the vast magnificence of unintelligent
 creation to kick the beam,—then try to
 compute the value of the slaves, past,
 present, and to come. Take up this
 work aa one of mere humanity—ot
 mercy to animals. Oh, it is far higher
 and holler than this. Christianity must
 be exhumed from her sepulchre, and
 you must roll away the stone. The
 genius of liberty must be disenthralled,
 and you must break her bonds. Mind,
 immortal, Illimitable mind, waits to be
 let into liberty and life. The Bible, in
 chains, cries, Emancipate me and let
 me go free. The earth calls, Deliver
 me from my curse. Labor cries, 4 am
TERMS —$2 Per Annua, Invariably In AAranc*.
degraded, dishonored, infamous; re
 deem me, and let me be again the glory
 of him who tills the soil. Morality
 says, Behold me—l am wounded, vio
 lated, struck down; let me once again
 stand erect to teach man his duties and
 he the guardian of human rights. The
 negro says, Have pity upon me, and
 transform me from a beast into a man.
 Have pity on that woman, my concu
 bine, whom I may not make my wife.
 Behold my empty table plundered of its
 contents, my daughter polluted and ru
 ined.
 Let us turn to the bright side of the
 QLcture. if thero is slavery in the U.
 J&gt;., there is also anti-slavery. 1* therr
 are those who prnmnot.
 and influence to the support of slavery,
 there are those also who devote them
 selves, time, talents, property, health,
 reputation and all, to the cause ol tht
 slave. If there are those who pas
 fugitive slave bills, there are those who
 execrate those bills, and hold them to
 be atrocious violations, under the name
 of law, of every precept, divine and
 human, pointing to the duties which
 man owes to his fellow-man. The anti
 slavery cause is advancing with ma
 jestic strides. Its aspect is truly sub
 lime. When I was formerly in the IT.
 S., the abolitionists were few, and ther*
 fore despised; now, their name is Le
 gion. Now they speak, and the Legis
 lature listens. Now they issue theii
 command, anJ it is obeyed. Twenty
 years of unceasing effort has made thi
 the question of questions. In the anti
 slavery ranks is to be found intellect as
 lolly as any to be found in the ranks o.
 -lavery, and an amount ol moral cour
 age arid indomitable zeal and perseve:-
 ance never excelled in the prosecution
 of any other enterprise, not excepting
 those of an exclusively religious char
 acter. In this conflic', the abolitionism
 ask and have a right to expect the sym
 pathy and aid of the entire civihz*-'
 world; and the man who is not willing
 to give them that which they ask, is n&lt;
 Iriend of liberty. I have been told
 since I came to this city, that there ar*
 those in it who inquire, Whit have we
 to do wuh this matter? If any suci
 persons are here,.l would say, Every
 thing. Are you separated geograph
 ically and politically from the countr)
 where slavery reigns? We are forthai
 very reason the persons best able to
 form an unbiassed and sound judgment
 &gt;n the question at issue. We have as
 rpueh to do with this question us with
 uny question that concerns the happi
 ness ol man, the glory of God, or the
 hopes and destinies of the human race.
 W e have to do with this question, for it
 lies at the foundation of your own
 rights as a portion of the human fam
 i-y. The cause of liberty is one alt
 uver the world. What have you to do
 with this question? The slave is youi
 brother and you cannot dissolve that
 Union. While he remains God’s child,
 ie will remain your brother. He is
 nelpless and you are free and powerful,
 nod if you neglect him, you are not do
 "g a 3 you would have others do to you,
 were you in bonds. Know you not that
 it is God’s method to save man by man,
 nnd that man is only great and honora
 ble and blest himself, as he is the friend
 find defender of those who need his aid?
 Vou are dwellers on continent with
 three millions of slaves. Their sighs
 come to you with every breeze from the
 South. Oh, hasto to help them, that
 this glorious continent may be freed
 from its pollution and its Curse. Give
 the fugitive your aid. You have thus
 far done nobly. Continue to'receive
 kindly and to cherish hospitably on
 these shores the refugees from the
 house of American bondage. Give the
 abolitionists your sympathy. Let them
 hear in tones louder than those of Ni
 agara your woids of encouragement—
 your hearty God-speed. It will refresh
 and reanimate them in their work, and
 cause them to gird up their loins aad
 renew the struggle. The influence I
 ask you to exert is moral influence, and
 against that there can be no legitimate
 objection, as there can be no effectual
 resistance. Let your weapons be those
 of truth, reason and religion, and the
 time shall come when, from sea to sea,
 and from the Arctic regions to Panama,
 this soil shall be sacred to freedom
 Mr. Thompson was It equently inter
 rupted by enthusiastic bursts of ap
 plause, and sat down amidst continued
 cheering.
 After a few remarks from Frederick
 Douglass, the Rev. Dr. Burns closed
 the meeting with prayer.— Toronto Pa
 triot.
The Cost of War. —Give me the
 money that has been spent in war, and
 1 will purchase every toot of land upon
 (he globe, I will clothe every man.
 woman, and child in an attire of which
 kings and Queens would be proud. I
 will build a school-house on every hill
 side, and in every valley over the whole
 earth; I will build an academy in every
 town, and endow it; a colege in every
 state, and fill it with able prolessors; I
 will crown every hill with a place of
 worship, consecrated to the promulga
 tion of the Gospel of peace; 1 will sup
 port in every pulpit an able teacher of
 righteousness, so that on every Sabbath
 morning (he chime on one hill should
 answer to the chime on another round
 the earth’s wide circumtereace; and
 the voice of prayer and the song of;
 praise should ascend like a universal
 holocaust to Heaven.— B. Brown.
 A mnn named G«orge Thompson,,
 from Massachuttf, being in a Southern
 State lately, narrowly eseaped being!
 lynched on account of his incendiary
 Basse.
WHOLE NO. 173.
SOMOWI OP SEWING WOMEN.
 A meeting of Sewing Women of this
 city wns held s few tveni igs since to
 consider whet mesas might he devised
 to improve their circum fences aad
 prospects In the course of the even
 ing a pale, feehie looking women rose
 end eeked losre to make tome state
 ments. In a modest unaffected strain
 she proceeded to unfold a tittle of her
 own experience. She had nought em
 ployment ir. shirt-making, as the only
 means she could adopt for self-ewppoit,
 and has been engaged by a house in
 terested in supplying the Cfthforuia
 market. Th* price allowed her was 10
 cents each, and by the closest applica
 tion she had succeeded in sewing two
 shirts a day, or oaa dozen per week.
 She refeted a room for which she paid
 sixty-two and a half cents a week, oet
 of her earnings of one duller and
 twenty cents, leaving fifty-neven sod a
 half cents for fuel, food, clothing, light,
 &amp;c., for a whole week!!
 For three weeks site had not tasted
 meat, except once at the house of ft
 lady who asked her to dine. Her
 I daily fare was bread and tea, and small
 allowances of i hese. The same drawio*
 I of tea was doubtless washed over ana
 over again till it no longer discolored
 the water, and this, with the dry bread,
 was to furnish the nourishment that
 was to support her through the long
 hours of application. No wonder ehn
 was pale, no wonder her fiaU frame
 'rernbled and at time* seemed ready to
 'ink to the floor. She sat down, and a
 momentary silence followed, and tears
 started in many eyes, end many hearts
 btirs with emotion
 It was enough to call up tears and
 burdened the heart, that plain, simple
 *ale of unrequited toil and suffering.
 But, alas, how many more worthy, vir
 iuous, lovely women, capable of being
 the angels of home and missionaries of
 tenderness and pity among the die
 ressed, could tell (he aame tale and
 woe. We muy reckon them by thou
 sands in this city. They are tolling
 mm twelve to fifteen hours out of the
 twenty-four, and all they make barely
 seeps them from starvation. Every
 chip, or stick, or piece of coal added to
 the litile fire over which the poor sew
 ng woman shivers, is parted with sor
 rowful!) she knows not how to maka
 he fuel last till her task is done. She
 Joes not expect to be warm, only to
 keep her fingers from stiffening, that
 she may sew, sew, sew. She takes
 her dry bread and so-called tea, not ex
 acting to be refreshed, but only kept
 from sinking, that she may sew, sew.
 &lt;ew. Perhaps she is a widow, and a
 ittle one claims part of her time and
 care. But she has no time to love and
 fondle it. She can only think of keep
 ing it from hunger and cold. The in
 ant itself, accustomed to its mother's
 tnxious look, looks anxious too, and
 arely smiles. It is a desperate strug
 gle for life that is going on among all
 hese sewing women, uud the wonder
 s that death and starvation are held at
 'my so long. Not lees wonderful is it
 that we can know of such a struggle
 going on in our midst, and not be in an
 guish ol heart till something is djne to
 .succor the sufferers.
 The degree of suffering endured by
 ihis class of our fellow-citizens is in
 tense in mid winter when fuel is so dear
 ihat the whole of their earnings would
 hardly buy enough coal to keep them
 warm. Something may be done to al
 levatethis by our standing charities.but
 ihe muin evil, of shockingly depressed
 wages, calls for another and nfhre rad
 ical treatment. What shall be done,
 and when?—JV. Y. Organ.
GEORGE LUNT.
 We wonder if ttie cold passionless
 looking being, called Geo. Lunt, who
 we saw acting as United States Attor
 ney, during the examination of the al
 leged rescuers of Skadrach, is the
 George Lunt who was born in New
 huryport in 1807,”and who is designa
 ted by Griswold, in hia Poets anO Po
 etry of America, as one whose pieces
 are remarkable for that purity of
 uought which distinguishes the wri
 tings of the Christian bards!” If the
 persons are identical, there must have
 oeen some legerdemain practiced to
 change the soul which used to belong
 to this particular body. The Hindoos
 believe that at death the spirits of the
 departed find local habitations in the
 bodies of cows, heifers, pigs, dogs,
 lions, tigers and other animals. We
 cannot say that we believe in this doc
 trine of metempsychosis, but if tho
 George Lunt who used to write poetry
 in praise, of freemen and freedom, ia
 identical with George Lunt, the hu
 man slave hunting blood hound-in-ohief
 for 7 Massachusetts, then we must be
 lieve that these Hindoos knew a thing
 or two. Perhaps the .spirit of 1 wolf
 has dispossessed from the cavities of
 George Kent’s body the human soul
 that used to exclaim,
 “My burning heart I will not lend,
 To wire a dealing dupot’i away;
 A suppliant knee I will out bend
 Belure these things of brass and ctsy,"
 for the George Lunt who prosecutes
 Christians uow a days, and lends hie
 whole heart and energies ta save a
 “despot’s sway,” and if he does not
 bend to things of brass and clay, ho
 bends to a metal that can be more con
 veniently put in the pocket, and counts
 higher in the rate of values amongst the
 money changers. We are decidedly
 of opinion that if the two George Lunie
 resolve themselves into one, then the
 nature which the devil inteudtd for
 some swine of Tartaiua, mu«»t have got
 into the wrong place, in older to qual
 ify a man with meanness and ferocity
 sufficient to make him the willing myr
 madon of a shameless, malignant, im
 placable, persecutor of every man
 who loves liberty, and who believes
 that the laws of the Lord God reguaut
 in the heavens and on earth, are paia
 mount to the edicts of kidnappers.—*
 Matt. -Spy.
 The Memory or the Pea©.- It i#
 an exquisite and beautiful thing in our
 nature, that when the heart is touched
 and softened by some tranquil happi
 ness or affectionate feeling, the me-
 I moiy of the dead comes over it moat
 powerfully and irresistibly. It Would
 almost seen as though our better
 thoughts and sympathies were ehanae,
 in virtue of which the coal is enable to
 hold some vague and mysterious inter
 course with the spirit of those whom wa
 dearly love in life. Alee! how often
 land how long may thews patient angel#
 I hover above us, watching for the spell
 [which is so seldom uttered end to sooq
 forgotten!— Ditkmt,
