FKF.DERICK IXU'IiLAJkS,
 M H. DELANY, J E*tT®*».
VOL. I. NO. XV.
Th« HORTII NTAR i*» pobli*hrd every
 Friday, at No. ‘Z'&gt;. ButLilo Street,
 (Oppm!* Ike Arrndr.)
 TERMS.
 Two dfifttm pnr iniwm, o/ittv* n *Ar«nr*. No
 •utawrifNiiMi will lie wviriii for lo*« u-rm tlieii
 &lt;ix
 A&lt;l»**rti*.* nents not **\rp**tinj line* itwTU-&lt;l
 three tint far iw «l &gt;Hji t-rery idfer
 tvrrri*»v-five r. nt«.
 Th* olljtTt rtftlw NoKTH St tR will to utUrk
 Rl.iTF.ltT in *ll it* form* anl a-prctu; a-Dorat*
 IIfITFRUt K* **cir atios exalt the xtamlard
 of I’t'RLK Mo* It.irr; pr.nnote the moral ami in
 tcLkx-taal i:nj&gt;r-&gt;vt «f tin* foi.oß» i» I'r.orLK;
 n.,1 h.i.-trn tn- .f-y of FREEDOM to tlir Thkf.k
 Mii.i.iok, of our E*si. a**:d Fellow Coujt
 tßTttKS.
 P! JILISIIER’.S NOTICES.
 AH r-«n mi oration* nlatillS to tin* bu*tnr*»
 w\ tin* of tie- tK\|rr, name* of i il*-i
 &amp;r., •IkihU lie a.lilre*i«-(f \l ii.mh
 N ».t.t., t'aMwher.
 (jy* A an I all other* nemlins name*, are
 rwim-Kted to iw are*trite, an I ix«- th*- /V**f (fffire,
 the &gt;untn, in 1 tin- .Urtir. Each Sulaw t ilicr in im
 ineJiatrlv crrAitr I for hi »nrr rwrivul.
 Vny |xn* hi •emlui'' in tlir payment for fair
 wtlwtcrilHT*, to Ik* f imanlrJ to one a l lri’M, may
 have a liftli rojiv lor one v«r.
 fU* All I ■U.:r* and c.nmnuiticatiou* niunt lie port
 |wid.
 LIST OK~\	JENTS.
 MiiMrHr«i TT«. —R. F. WaV-ntf, 21, Cornliill,
 Tlo.i .a; Natlian Jolniron, Nrw IWfird; Horatio W
 Ku«t r, I. im ell; James N. Ralfnni, Lynn; C/rorjfr
 Evans, W'lrrrstrr Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 "liarle&lt; 11. S 'th, S|»riiiH(iel&lt;l David
 iVorthanijitoii; H. t '.irpenlrr, I pton.
 M vi i k.—Oliver D nifiTi. I‘&lt;»rtlan
 Vi KT'itr.—lt mland T. Roliinson, North Fer
 ri-'hnnj.
 Com F.tTtcrT. —Jonathan Leonard, Meriden. j
 N i »v If vurvitntr.—Wean* Tappan, Bradford.
 Nkw Vokk.—Sy Jury H. &lt;i»y, 112, Nassau
 Street; J.i ties M 'nae Sniih, fid, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westleirv, liH*en County; Marv Har
 iw-r, Alhaay; Elia* Doty. Maieloti; Willetts Keese,!
 l’eni, Clinion County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Perm A an; J. JeTrev, (ieneva; E. L.
 Piatt, Bath.
 Rnont: Isi.vmi.— Atniranrv Paine, Providence.'
 Pr msi i.v m v.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; W. tloiinrs, 8, Exchange
 Plan*. Ditto; 11. Vashmi, B. Down,
 William hip;«er, f’olu nhia; Isaac U dvrts, Jaeoli
 L. Paxon, Norristown, Monteoinei v (Vainly.
 Ohio.—Cliristiaii Donaldson, Cincinnati; W.
 Cart-r, Ditto; Valeaiine Nicholson, llarvt.yslmrgh,
 Warren County S ini-e I Br««oke, Salem.
 MinitiitN.—Rolm'il Banks, Detroit.
 I mu via.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, W.ivna Co.
S clcrt ions.
 From the Boston Clironotype.
 SERMON ON THE MEMORY OF
 JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
 BY REV. THEODORE PARKER.
 Trvr. —M.itili. xx: 27. And whosoever will lx
 c.iicf a a -sij v M, I‘t it in your servant. J
 [concluded.]
 The various papers he prepared when
 Minister, Secretary, and President, are
 astonishing for their number, as well as
 their clearness and orderly treatment of
 the subject in hand. He was familiar
 with the classics and w ith the modern
 tongues, at home in their literature,and
 familiar with their history tu a wonder- i
 ful extent. Perhaps no man on either
 side of the water was so familiar with
 the political history of America, Eng
 land, France, Germany, and of all the
 north and south of Europe for two hun
 dred year's. In everything which con
 cerned international law, or the law ot
 nature, he was profoundly read, lie,
 read much, rememberer! much, and un
 derstood much. There are few theo
 logians who are so widely read, even in,
 that department. His numerous ora
 tions astonish you with lire amazing
 erudition of a man busy all his life in
 the affairs of a great nation. Put to
 achieve that, all that is w anted is health,
 diligence, memory, and long life, and
 he had all four.
 lie had higher qualities. He loved
 his country. Perhaps no man ever
 loved her more. He had patriotism in
 a heroic degree. He loved his country
 and his whole country. And when that
 country was wrong he came up and
 told her so, because he loved her.
 He reminded old men of their duty to
 the land of Washington. He reminded
 the voting men of the noble examples
 of Franklin, Washington, Jetferson,
 Madison, Marshall, and thus he stirred
 and stimulated their minds to love the
 land that gave them birth. He was a
 conseiencious man. Nothing in* his
 character was more distinctly marked
 than this. All told of conscience. I
 know there were exceptions, and I have
 k p pt one for this place. He pursued
 persons, lie was a good hater. If he
 loved an idea, he seemed to hate the
 man who opposed it. He would some
 times he cruel and even barbarous.—
 Without remorse, he thrashed his oppo
 nents. And the most awful specimens
 iof invective found in our language may
 be taken from his works. How hitter
 and unrelenting! It is not iny fault
 that these things are true, but it would
 he my fault if 1 said they were not so.
 He had wit, but it often sat as an un
 just judge. Such were his own words
 jppeakinir of Rogers. His arrows
 were sharp and barbed with poison.”
 llow much better if at the end of his
 long life he could say he had spent his
 force on ideas, and not against his foes
 —if he could have said that he never
 wasted a shot in a personal quarrel.
 True, lit: had such provocation as man
 never had before, but then he hud such
 advantages as no man ever had. There
 was one answer, Christian and irrefu
 table, and that was the dignity of si
 lence. In speech, in reply to abuse,
 be was often violent, and sometimes
 savage. True, his words on such oc
 casions may have been iron, and silver,
 but bis silence would have been gold.
 Judged by the standard of other politi
 cians, he is n«t worse than they, only
 abler. Tried by the standard of con
 science, Christianity, by his own stand
 ard, be is wrong.
 With these exceptions, ho was re
 markably conscientious. He would not
 accept a present. This be learned
 early in youth, for his Bible taught him,
 what his observation might have taught
 hi in, that a gift bliudtth the eyes of the
THE NORTH STAR
wise man, and preventeth justice. No
 i bribes, no presents would he receive
 for deeds performed in his place for the
 public service. He would not be the
 President of a party, but of the people.
 He would not be the represenative of a
 party, hut of justice and eternal right.
 When President, he one
 from office on account of his political
 opinions. He favored not the men who
 had voted for him, aad warred not with
 the men who had voted against hirn.—
 And of what President since his time
 can this be said? Surely of none.—
 Conscientiousness in this matter is
 the highest development’ of political
 character. i
 Then he had a high reverence for
 religion. He aimed to be a Christian
 man in his public acts. He seemed to
 be animated by the thought that he
 stood in the presence of God. It was
 the pccu iar excellence of bis Christian
 ity that it recognized rove as the para
 mount law of nature. And you shall
 find few statesmen in our day who have
 a more continual reverence for religion
 as motive, guide and comforter. Vet
 he was no sectarian. His principle of
 freedom was conspicuous even here.—
 Thinking for himself, he would have
 others do the same. He was a ,Unita
 rian. It is no great matter to be a Uni
 tarian, a Calvinist, or a Catholic. He
 w as not ashamed of it when Unitarian
 ism was little, despised, mocked at, and
 called infidelity on all sides. When at
 W ashington, the Unitarians, a feeble
 band, small and opposed by everybody,
 met in a little obscure chamber over a
 public vbathing-room, then John Quincy
 Adams, who was Secretary of State,
 and hoping to be President, cainc there
 and worshipfierl amongst them. It was
 not fashionable. It was hardly re
 spectable, and he went wor
 shipped. IT there ever was a man who
 loved the praise of God more than the
 praise of man, I believq John Quincy
 Adams was one of them. Fearing God,
 he feared no man, hut stood uff ihde
 pendent and hold. His patriotism, his
 love of freedom for all, his conscien
 tiousness, and his sense,of religion,are
 four things very noticeable in his char
 acter, four filings for which you shall
 look long among our great and famous
 men before you shali find his equal—
 very long before you find his -su
 perior.
 Somebody says no man ever used all
 his intellectual faculties as far as possi
 ble. If any man is an exception to this j
 role, it is Mr. Adams, lie was dili-!
 gent, orderly, and systematic, yet lie!
 had not the mind of a great man, of a!
 philosopher, of a poet, of an organizer, J
 or of a discovcror. His great excel
 lence was his memory, his conscien
 tiousness, his firmness and his dili
 gence. He wrote much, and some;
 tilings surprisingly well, as his lectures
 on oratory, (.fiber things were plain
 and homely. And he wrote much that
 rhymes tolerably, but nothing poetic.
 He was seldom eloquent. Alas lor the.
 statesman and alas for the preacher who
 has nothing hut eloquence w ith which;
 to build Upchurch or state. Washing
 ton had none of it. No man had so
 much influence as Jefferson, save only
 Washington, and yet Mr. Jefferson was
 a very indifferent w-riter and never made
 a speech.
 True, eloquence has its value. If a
 mail has at command the electricity of
 truth, justice, right, and the great ideas
 thereof, it is a good tiling to be able to
 condense this electricity into bolts of
 i eloquence, to thunder and lighten in the
 sky; but if a man has that electric
 truth, it matters little whether it is Mo
 ses that speaks or Aaron. It matters
 little whether or no Paul’s bodily frame
 is weak. It is the thought of Moses
 that lightens; it is the idea of Paul that
 1 becomes powerful in the founding of a
 church. Mr. Adams had a little elo
 quence, and that little appeared in his
 old age. Vet he was a powerful speak
 er. He was commanding when he
 dwelt on great men, as Jetferson, Madi
 son, Lafayette or Washington. But he
 was most eloquent, I am sorry to say,
 when he smote a foe.
 His last period of life was the great
 est and noblest. He had all the honors
 the state could bestow. He reached
 the highest honor of serving tHe state
 when it had nothing more to bestow.—
 He was a servant of no party, but the
 servant of the people, the Champion of
 Human Rights. 'llie south had said,
 We will drive the north to the wall. It
 had driven us there mid nailed us there.
 But Adams stood up manfully, and
 sometimes alone. l)id the north send
 their petitions to Congress, he was
 there to present them. Jfid women and
 slaves petition, he was there. Though
 every mouth was silent, that the south
 had overcome, yet the fearless soul of
 Adams would not bend, it could not be
 broke. He saw from afar the plots of
 politicians for extending slavery and
 I narrowing the area of freedom, and be
 exposed those plots. I know of no
 greater speeches of his than those on
 the right of petition. l&gt;id they vote to
 ■expel or censure him? ltid the’y threat
 i ien to assassinate him iu the streets?
 The old man could not be made to
 cringe. In the face of all there stood
 up that bold and audacious man, and the
 II rocks of Cohassct stand not firmer
 1 1 more unyielding, fearless than he amid
 jthe yeasty waves of tha stormy House
 at Washington. That humble knee, so
 pliant before God, shrank never before
 man.
 His career was more glorious than a
 ■conqueror’s, though in it he may not
 have conquered. I know few things
 greater in these modern times than this
 oM man, the compeer of Wosluogton,
 a man who bad acquitted himself ably
 in tbc stormy times of the French Rev*
 olulion, who bad held the highest office
 in the nation’s gift, the son of a Presi
 dent, and himself a President, standing
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
up as the champion of the oppressed.
 There tssio nobler sight than when, on
 his going into the Supreme Court after
 thirty yean* of absence, as the advo
 cate of a body of friendless negroes
 unjustly held in thrall, he asked those
 venerable judges to excuse him for both
 the trembling of age and the inexperi
 ence of youth, the man having lived so
 long that he had forgotten the rules of
 the court. When he summed up the
 wli le matter, and brought before those
 judicial yet moistening eyes the great
 men whom he had once met there—
 Cha«e, Cushing, Martin, Marshall him
 self—when he remembered that those
 men were all gone from and forgotten
 in the seats of justice, and the eternal
 justice that is never gone—then the
 sight was more than great; it was the
 sublimest spectacle in our history for
 more than fifty years. It was not the
 old Roman patrician who had been Con-|
 sul and Dictator, come to stand in the
 forum to raise levies for new victories,
 but it was a freeman of America, who
 had held an office greater than consul,
 king or dictator, come to plead for the
 slave, for the barbarian negro of Afri
 ca, lor Cingucz and Morra, comparing
 them to Harrnodius and Aristogciton,
 those patriots of Athens whose memory
 made every heart thrill. It was worth
 living four-score years for that.
 When he stood in the House of Re
 presentatives as the champion of the
 rights of the minority, he stood there
 singly and alone. Frederick the Great
 seemed doubly magnificent when he
 contended against Austria, France,
 England and Russia, anff kept them all
 at bay, provided you do not look at his
 objects. But if you do, Frederick the
 Great becomes Frederick the little, and
 Mr. Adams becomes the great, for he
 fought not for kingdom, not for fame,
 but for justice, eternal right. He fought
 too w ith weapons tempered in a heaven
 ly stream.
 Well, he had his reward. From my
 thological Cain who slew his brother,
 dow n to Judas Iscariot and Aaron Burr
 —from Jesus of Nazareth dow n to the
 least man who lives or dies, who ever
 lost his reward? No man. Surely not
 one. In the heart there dwells the
 avenger who poisons the bowl, and gets
 ready the Nessus garment. There
 stands the Palladium of Justice, radi
 ant w ith celestial light, no mortal hands
 may make or mar. No tyrant can ever
 tear the man from the man’s heart.
 But Mr. Adams had his outward re
 wards. When iu 1843 he went to the
 west, the whole west rose up to do him
 honor. When Cicero, the only great
 man whom Rome never feared, return
 ed from his exile, ail Italy rose up and
 went out to meet him. So it was
 with Mr. Adams. As he lnnisclf said.
 3
 that alone was recompense enough.
 Yes, it was too much lor one man to
 have, as a reward for one life,” and he
 w iped the tears from both his eyes as he
 said it. Yet that was not enough. He
 had another reward greater still. A
 slaveholder of Kentucky wrote home to
 his constituents, that lie was mainly de
 sirous to check that man, for it’ he
 could be removed from the councils ofj
 the nation, or silenced, he believed!
 there could not be found another hardy'
 enough and had enough to till his place.
 Y'ct more, at a fourth of July dinner at
 Walterboro’, S. C., this sentiment was
 proposed and received with nine cheers; 1
 May we never lack a democrat to trip
 up the heels of the federalists, nor a
 hangman to fit a halter for John Quincy
 Adams.” Considering what he had
 done,, I know r of nothiug which can
 compare with that.
 But let me not w’eary you. His,
 death was noble, fit ending for such a
 life. He was a noble man, the last that
 had held a diplomatic otfiee under
 Washington. He had uttered his ora
 cles, had done his work. But his towns-j
 men tell us, all that was very little in
 comparison with his character. They
 sent to Congress, not the President, but
 the man. He had borne his testimony j
 for freedom, for right, for mankind. He i
 had stood in Congress alone. And if,
 victory escaped him, it was because
 night came on. He saw others enter
 the field in good heart; and lived long
 enough to see the seal broken. And
 then this old Simeon, joyful of the con
 solation, bowed his head and went
 home in peace. He died with his ar
 mor on, like a Senator in the capitol of
 the nation, like an American, like a
 Christian full of immortality, like a
 man, brave, fearless and free. You
 will ask where did he gain strength so
 to stand alone. He looked beyond
 time, beyond ineu, to the eternal
 God; and fearing Hun, forgot all other
 fear.
 Some of his errors he knew to be
 errors and struggled w ith them, but did
 not overcome them. A man, not a very
 modest one perhaps, once asked him
 what he most of all lamented in his
 life. “My impetuous temper,” he re
 plied, and vituperative speech, that I
 have not always returned good for
 evil, but in the madness of my blood 1
 have said things that 1 am ashamed of
 before my God.” It needed a great man
 to say that.
 When he was a boy, his mother, a
 still woman, deep-hearted, far-sighted,
 and pious, took paius with his culture,
 and most of all with his religious cul
 ture. When ten years of age, he was
 about to leave home, she took hito
 aside and told him of temptations he;
 could then not understand, bade him
 remember religion, God, and bis secret
 and Bilent prayer. Often in his life
 There came the earthquake of party
 I strife, the fire, the rtorm and whirlwind
 of passion; but God was not in the
 earthquake, the storm, or the fire. Bat
 there came in tlig| hour the memory of
 that mother’» effect counsel, and God
 was in that memory. And earthquake,
 and fire, and storm, and whirlwind were
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1848.
silent and hushed before that still, small
 voice—his mother pleading with 4he
 man and bearing him up to God.—
 Beautifully did she #rite to her son
 when ten years old: Great learning
 and superior abilities will be of little
 avail, unless virtue, honor, truth and
 integrity are added to them. Remem
 ber that you are accountable to your
 Maker for all your words and your ac
 tions. Dear as you are to me,” said
 that more than Spartan mother, I had
 rather you would have perished in that
 ocean you have crossed, or that untime
 ly death had cropped your infant years,
 than to see you an immoral profligat
 or graceless child. She tells him,
 Your grandfather, a plain clergyman,
 left you a legacy more valuable than
 gold or silver—his blessing and prayer
 that you might become a useful citizen,
 a guardian of the laws, of the liberty,
 and religion of your May this
 be treasured up in your memory.—
 Practise upon it, and believe me you
 will find it a treasure that moth and
 rust cannot corrujrt.” The child that
 has a mother like that, it is no wonder
 that he stood fearless. His was a
 charmed life, w hich opposition could not
 break nor even turn.
 I wonder not that one so born and by
 such a mother bred could so stand. 1
 wonder rather that he could ever have
 swerved from the path of duty, and in
 dulged that hatred, that he could ever
 have stood up in the Senate and re
 fused to deliberate. Religion is a qual
 ity that makes a man independent.—
 Disappointment will not make him sour.
 Elevation will not make him proud.—
 Power w ill not dazzle, gold corrupt, vi
 olence silence, nor fear subdue him.
 There are men born with greater
 abilities than he. How many are there
 that use them so diligently in the pub
 lic service? Nay, tell us of one. Shall
 I compare him with the most famous
 men of the North and the South, with
 the greatest of the Whigs cr Demo
 crats, and ask w hich was the purer and
 more patriotic? Shall I lay the two
 lives side by side, the public and pri
 vate, and then ask which was the great
 er, which the more meritorious, which
 the most eminently Christian? That is
 not for me to do or to attempt. But
 there was one thing in which he sur
 passed almost every man. He grew
 more modern as he grew older. He
 acquired more ideas after he was sixty
 years old, and never fell into that crab
 bed admiration of former times which
 is the palsy of so many minds, making
 old age conservative of.old errors, and'
 in a man who had his veneration for the
 past this is the more astonishing. I
 will not sorrow that he was wrong, let
 us remember his evil, and beware of
 ambition, party strife and personal hate.
 Let us remember his good, his willing
 ness to be guided by time and place.—
 There was not in him a mere greatness
 of mind, to command admiration, but
 an independent love of justice, of right,
 of his country and his kind. NosonoL
 New England has ever been so distin
 guished in political life as he. It is no
 great thing to be President of the Uni
 ted States. Some men it makes ridicu
 lous. A worm on a steeple’s top is no
 greater and no nearer flying than that
 which crawls at its foot. A mountain
 needs no steeple to proclaim that it is
 great and high. This is his great
 praise, in private life he corrupted not
 man and no woman. His influence
 never debased the public councils
 Yet in public and private lie did
 teach the truth and a fearless love ofj
 right. j
 The slave has lost a champion un
 tiring and fearless. Religion has lost
 a supporter. Freedom an unfailing:
 friend, and mankind have lost a noble j
 vindicator of our inalienable rights. It;
 is not many months since he was here j
 in the midst of us. Three winter
 months liavc scarcely flown since he
 left us. He set out for his toil, and has l
 gone home to his rest. His labors are'
 over. No longer shall a man threaten
 t&lt;V censure or expel him, to assassinate;
 him in the streets of the capital. South
 Carolina shall no longer a hang-j
 man to fit a halter for that northern
 neck which she could not bend, and
 which never was broken. The tear* of
 his country are dropped on hia urn, and
 the silent muse of history shall write
 them in ineffaceable letters, One great
 man since Washington, whom America
 had no cause to fear.
 To-day that venerable form lies at
 the capitol. All is silent. But his un
 dying soul, if wc might suppose it, is
 now hovering and lingering over his na
 tive State, to give its farewell, yet loath
 to depart—he whose character was loves
 of his country, of man, of freedom, of
 justice, of right, and of God. To-'
 morrow, his mortal dust starts oocel
 more to join the dear presence of his
 father and mother, to mingle his ashes,
 with their ashes, as their lives were,
 mingled, and their souls were united. J
 What shall w e say to him when he re-»
 turns? We shall say—
 Wbrr* *Urrr\’« niniSbf rower
 Befcjrr U* wAite power,
 He bar O* bu,
 ami like Lbe
 That beared At etroke.
 When Amtd e*» romtd it broke,
 Stood ap mmam.
 Nsv, whew At amm waa kiwi.
 Ami n**»d lu« kke a flood
 e*me thtrk mad bfarfc,
 He owfad sdorr.
 Aod like OSjmmmmAmtt,
 With hi* tiwa tbawder drovw
 The pkofan
 Not tern Or bk-dy fcH
 Borne'** Iw battered ekreU,
 *~?rrEL
 Bat fro** w •gat*
 la (far defrtKX of r**«,
 Clotted
 We bad bHB baa.
 N«r wich tea kill bad deod
 Imj tea more teoored bead
 Where Amt rearaa ala!;-*
 That aaat atefl aew tfie.
 While God Cia aarth sod Ay,
 Bat dafdte M b«re» m bicb.
 Am* As ktmbad jo«.
ORIGIN OP MKCRO SLAVERY.
 Mr. Bancroft in the first volume o
 his history of the United States, give*
 j an account of the early traffic of Euro
 peans in slaves. In the middle age;
 the Venetians purchased white tnec
 and Christians, and others, and sok
 1 them to the Saracens in Sicily anc
 Spain. In England, the Anglo Saxor
 nobility sold their servants as slaves U
 foreigners. The Portuguese first im
 ported negro slaves from Western
 Africa into Europe in 114*2. Spaii
 soon engaged in the traffic, and negrr
 slaves abounded in some parts of thai
 kingdom. After America was dis
 covered, the Indians of Hispaniola wert
 imported into Spain and made slaves.
 The Spaniards visited the coast of Nortli
 America and captured thousands of the
 Indians, whom they transported intc
 in Europe and the West Indies.
 Columbus himself enslaved five hun
 dred native Americans, and sent their
 into Spain, that they might be publicly
 sold at Seville. The practice of selling
 North American Indians into bondage
 continued lor nearly two centuries,
 Negro slavery was first introduced intc
 America by Spanish slaveholders, whe
 emigrated with their negroes. A royal
 edict of Spain authorized negro slavery
 in America in 1503. King Ferdinand
 himself sent fifty slaves to labor in the
 mines. In 1511, the direct traffic in
 slaves between Africa and Hispaniola
 was enjoined by a royal ordinance.
 Las Casas, who had seen the Indians
 vanish away like dew before the cruel
 ties of the Spaniards, suggested the ex
 pedient that the negroes, who alone
 could endure severe toils, might he still
 further employed. This was in 1518.
 The mistaken benevolence of Las
 Casas extended the slave trade which
 had been previously established.
 Sir John Hawkins was the first En
 glishman that engaged in the slave
 I trade. In 155*2 he transported a large
 cargo of Africans to Hispaniola. In
 1557 another expedition was prepared,
 and Queen Elizabeth protected and
 shared in the traffic. Hawkins in
 one of his expeditions, set fire to an
 African village, and out of eight thou
 sand inhabitants succeeded in seizing
 two hundred and sixty. James Smith
 of Boston, and Thomas Keyser, first
 brought upon the colonies the guilt of
 participating in the African slave trade.
 In l(if&gt;s they imported a cargo of neg
 roes from Africa.
 Throughout Massachusetts the cry of
 justice was raised against them as male
 factors and murderers the guilty men
 were committed for the offence, and the
 representatives of the people ordered
 the negroes to be restored to their na
 tive land at the public charge. At
 the latter period there were both Indian
 and negro slaves in Massachusetts. In
 I:&gt;3J a Dutch ship entered James river,
 and landed twenty negroes for sale.
 This is the epoch of the introduction of
 negro slavery into Virginia. For
 many years the Dutch were princi
 pally concerned in the slave trade in
 the market of Virginia.
 REMINISCENCES OF A SLAVE.
 The Albany Evening Journal gives
 some account of an interesting work,
 entitled “Life and Opinions of Julius
 Melbourn; with Sketches of the Lives
 and Characters of Thomas Jefferson,
 John Quincy Adams, John Randolph,
 and several other eminent Statesmen—
 Edited by a late Member of Congress.”
 Julius Melbourn was the child of a
 color d mother and a white father, and
 was born to a state of slavery near
 Raleigh, N. C. He became the prop-i
 erty of a philanthropic woman, from
 whom he received not only freedom and
 education, but at her death the bulk of!
 her property. The strangeness of the
 story leads the Journal to distrust the
 accuracy, but the book is put forth un
 der the auspices of a respected citizen,
 whose character is a pledge for its gen
 eral accuracy. In the year 1815, hav
 ing occasion to corne North, Melbourn
 received from Mr Pendledon, a letter,
 of introduction to Mr. Jefferson, by
 whom he was kindly and hospitably
 entertained. At Mr. Jefferson’s table
 he one day met Chief Justice Marshall,
 William Wirt, Dr. Samuel L. Mitchell,
 of New York, Samuel Dexter, of Bos
 ton, and Elder Lcland, of Berkshire.
 Mr. Dexter having expressed an appre
 hension that slavery was destined to di
 vide the Union, I lie following conversa
 tion ensued. It seems like just the
 conversation which might have hap
 pened. Mr. Jefferson’s opinions upon
 slavery arc well known. Elder Lcland/
 of Berkshire county, was a Baptist
 clergyman, a famous Democrat in his
 day, and distinguished in political fife,
 the more distinguished, as most of the
 clergymen of Massachusetts were in
 the Federal ranks. Wc believe he
 once complimented Mr. Jefferson by
 sending him an enormous* cheese.—j
 Whether Elder Leland said wbat b
 attributed to him, or whether the author,
 intends him to stand as the representa
 tive of the Northern Democracy, is
 doubtful, and rather immaterial. The
 slang He uttered is the slang of North
 ern Locofocoiein to this very day. But
 to the conversation:
 “Ob,*’ aaid Mr. Jefferson, dismiss
 your fears on that subject, slavery will
 soon be abolished iu all the States.
 “Never,” ooid Judge Marshall, “•ev
 er by the voluntary consent of the
 glare holding Sutea”
 I regret,” replied Mr. Jeffersoh,
 (hat go attentive an observer os you
 are. Chief Justice, should entertain
 such an opinion. I well know that at
 the time American Independence was
 declared, no member, either north or
 South, expected that slavery would con
 tinue as long as it has.”
 But,” said Dr. Mitchell, I very
 much doubt whether, according to the
laws of nature, the Africans are no
 J formed to be subject to the Caucasia?
 race. From my own observations, I
 am satiaticd that nature has formed ai
 essential difference between the tw&lt;
 races, and much to the disadvantage o
 the negro race.*'
 Here the learned Doctor went into ai
 elaborate description of the brain
 which he said was the source of intel
 I lectual power. He spoke of the con
 nection of the brain with the ncrvoui
 system, and of hts discoveries in tht
 dissection of the heads of several ne
 groes which he had superintended, anc
 i pointed out the difference in the de
 velopment, size, and quality, between
 the brain of the negro and the white
 man, and insisted that the brain of the
 i former was not so capable of producing
 intellectual power as that of the latter,
 —so, said the Doctor, if your position,
 that all men are born equal, is politi
 cally true, it is physically false.
 As regards personal rights,’' said
 j Mr. Jefferson, it seems to me most
 palpably absurd, that the individual
 rights of volition and locomotion should
 depend on the degree of intellectual
 power possessed by the individual. 1
 should hardly be w illing to subscribe to
 the doctrine, that because the Chic!
 Justice has a stronger mind or a more
 capacious and better formed brain than
 I, therefore he has a right to make me
 his slave. But, Doctor, continued
 I Mr. Jefferson, may not the diet and
 exercise, bodily and mentally, of a
 child, produce some effect on the size,
 shape and quality of the brain? I will
 suppose that my triend, Mr. Dexter,
 has two sons, the eldest of whom shall
 be six years old, as near alike as broth
 ers of the age of five and six years
 generally are. Suppose the younger
 to be transferred to a rice plantation in
 South Carolina, placed in the negro
 cabin, and brought up with the field
 slaves, associating only with them; and
 that the eider should be continued in
 Mr. Dexter’s family, associate with
 none but highly intellectual people;
 then let his education be completed by
 four years’ residence and tuition at
 Cambridge. Look at the heads and
 faces of these boys when they shall
 respectively arrive at mature age, and
 then let a phrenologist, Dr. Spurzlicim,
 if you please, pronounce upon the na
 tive intellectual pow er of each. Do we
 not all know that the difference would
 be immense? But to do justice to the
 negro race, and to carry cut the experi
 ment fairly, we ought to suppose that
 the younger has married a Caucasian
 slave; and let Dr. Mitchell dissect and
 compare the heads of the great-grand
 children of that issue with the great
 children of the issue of the elder bro
 ther. I ask, what would be the result
 of that experiment?”
 “I do not mean to advocate sla
 very,” said the Chief Justice; “I wish,
 from my soul, I wish it was abolished,
 but when we calculate on political re
 sults, we must look at society as it is.
 I do not found my opinion on the per
 petuity of slavery upon any natural in
 feriority of the negro. You arc well
 aware that nearly every man at the
 South, who possesses any influence at
 our elections, is a slaveholder and
 hence our legislators will be slavehold
 ers, or under their influence. Probaly
 nine-tenths of them will be actual slave-!
 holders. You have then a pecuniary!
 influence to contend with, which you
 cannot overcome except by force.”
 “And I,” said Mr. Lcland, “say he
 ought not to be emancipated. Ido not!
 predicate my opinion on the anatomical j
 discoveries of J )r. Mitchell, but I think I
 the negroes are the children of Ham, I
 and according to the Bible, they are
 doomed to be the servants of servants, j
 Besides, I am convinced, from my own
 observation, and I have had a pretty
 good opportunity to observe, for I was
 two years a missionary in the Slave
 holding States for a Massachusetts Bap
 tist association, that the blacks are al
 together inferior to the whites. They,
 are, I assure you, low-minded, and
 beastly in their propensities. They de
 sire nothing but to eat, drink, fiddle,
 laugh, sleep, and dance. For my part,
 I regard them as a mongrel species,half
 man and half ape.”
 While Mr. Iceland was making these
 remarks, I could not avoid the reflec
 tion, that in this instance, as in many
 others, the visionary, though learned
 philosopher, and the fanatical zealot,
 arrived by an entirely different process
 of mental action to the same conclu
 sion. Extremes frequently approach
 near each other. I was roused from
 the reverie occasioned by this train of
 thought, by Mr. Jefferson saying to
 Mr. Leiand, I am happy to have it in
 my power at this moment to prove to
 you and Dr. Mitchell, by ocular de
 monstration, that the experience of one
 of you and the theory of the other, has
 led you to erroneous conclusions. Look
 at the young gentleman win sita oppo
 site to you. In the meantime,” con
 tinued be, Mr. Melbourne, allow me
 the pleasure of drinking a glass of w ine
 with you. “Mr. Melbourne,” added
 Mr. Jefferson, was born a slave, and
 is of African descent, though lie has
 considerable Saxon blood in his veins.
 He was enfranchised by a pious and
 benevolent lady, and is now a man of
 wealth. He has by his own efforts and
 industry cultivated and well improved
 his mind—a mind which 1 religiously
 believe your missionary observations,
 friead Leiand, find Dr." Mitchell’s dis
 sections to the contrary notwithstand
 ing, is of the first order of human in
 tellects.”
 1 was much embarrassed at the
 compliment from so great e man
 Mr. Jefferson, end I presume appeared
 quite awkward. The whole company
 gazed at me with astonishment. The
 piercing eye of the Chief Justice* in
 particular, l perceived was fixed most
WII.I.UN C. NELL. rsstussß.
 JOHN DICK, Psivvsa.
WHOLE NO.-XV.
l intently upon me. Mr. Jefferson then
 i, related some part of my history, (for I
 had previously told him my stc*ry,) and
 i he animadverted with great severity on
 the treatment I had receivsd at Natch-
 I ez, and upon the laws that legalised
 that treatment. While he was talking,
 i I perceived Mr. VN irt’s countenance
 several times redden with apparent in
 dignation. It was now too late, and I
 took my leave; but as I was retiring,
 i Mr. Wirt follow«d me into the hall,
 ’i ai *d taking me by the hand, expressed
 •j a desire to continue his acquaintance
 I with me.
 “1 a mortified and ashamed,” said
 i&lt; h e that this glorious country sustains
 such laws as those nndcr which you
 have suffered.”
 The next morning I proceeded on my
 journey.
 i
 THE CITY OP HEW ORLEANS.
 In 1717, the French government issued
 a charter to ‘The Western Company,’
 granting the monopoly of the trade of
 Louisiana for twenty-five years. Bien
 ville was chosen Governor, and the fol
 lowing year he selected the site of New
 Orleans, ninety-two miles from the riv
 er’s mouth, and employed filly men in
 clearing the ground and erecting the
 necessary buildings. The next year the
 town was oveiflowed and abandoned.
 Three years afterward it was reoccu
 pied; and in the place contained
 a population of tw o hundred.
 The transfer to Spain in 17515, was
 thought very much to retard its pros
 perity. The misfortune was partly
 j remedied by the opening of the Missis
 sippi to the States, some thirty years
 aller, and entirely by a transfer of
 Louisiana to France, and immediately
 afterward to the United States in 1802.
 In 1810, the population was 24,552;
 and in 1840, 10*2,101. The census just
 taken shows a decrease since 1840, but
 it is thought to be very incorrect. So
 much for statistics.
 The New Orleans levee is of wood, is
 two hundred feet wide, {he whole length
 of the city, and is certainly one of tho
 best in the United States. The wharfs
 for five miles are crowded with vessels
 from every foreign and domestic port—
 steamboats and flat bouts almost in
 numerable. The levee proper is occu
 pied by steam vessels. Above and
 below the wooden levee the wharf is
 built in piers, at which sail vessels are
 arranged according to their size;
 j sloops, schooners, brigs, barks, and
 ships, with the most perfect regularity.
 The sail vessels lie from two to five
 I deep, those outside loading, and un
 j loading, by means of ways constructed
 over those between them and the shore.
 Three thousand drays are said to be
 I employed in the removal of merchan
 dize of every description, and from
 every clime, with which the landing is
 crowded.
 During the year 1784, only sixty
 years since, an American vessel, hav
 ing eighty bales of cotton on board,
 was seized at Liverpool, on the plea
 that so large an amount of cotton could
 not have been produced in the United
 States. The shipment in 1785, amoun
 ted to fourteen bales; in ITSfi to six;
 in 1787, to one hundred and nine; I7BH
 three hundred and eighty-nine; 17hft,
 to eight hundred and forty-two. Fifty
 years ago an oW Carolina farmer
 having gathered his crop of five acres,
 was so alarmed at the yield of fifteen
 hales, that he exclaimed. ‘Well well,
 I have done with oitfon; here is enough
 to make stockings for all the people in
 America. The cotton crop of the Uni
 ted States for 1*44, was 2,1100,000
 bales.
 Ihe cultivation of the sugar cano
 commenced in this country in about the
 middle of the last century. At that
 time the Jesuits of St. Domingo sent
 some of the plants 4* a present to the
 Jesuits of Lmisiana, ncconipnnied by
 negroes well acquainted with its culti
 vation and with the process for manu
 facturing it into sugar. The experiment
 was made on a part of the ground now
 occupied by this city.
 Rtwißi)* or Genius.—ln the reign
 of James 1., Hugh Middleton, an in
 genious man, unuettook to bring a river
 of pure water above I|H miles out of its
 natural course for the supply of London.
 He persevered in this immense under
 taking, in spitej of every difficulty, till
 he at last accomplished that great Good
 which he “had proposed, of bringing
 wholesome.water to every man’s door.
 “At the present fime the JNtw liner,
 which was the work of Hugh Middle
 ton, supplies 211,01)0,000 of gaJh ns of
 water every day; and though the ori
 ginal projector was rwtnrd btf lb r imtlrr
 taking, in consequence of the difficulty
 which he had of pr&lt;»cunfjg proper sup
 port, such is now the general advantage
 of the benefit which he procured for
 his fellow-citizens, and so desirous are
 the people to possess that advantage,
 that a share in the New Ktver Com
 pany, which was at first sold at JIOU,
 is now C 15,000.
 William Lea, S clergyman, invented
 th‘e first stocking machine in I&lt;"*B&gt;,
 Before that, none hut the rich wore
 stockings. Dt made a pair of stock
 ing* by the frame before James f.; but
 there was such a prejudice against his
 idea, that he found n« encouragement.
 He went to France, where finding no
 better success, he died of a broken
 heart.
 NczntKs —-Needle* were first man.
 ufactured in England by a negro from
 Spain during the reign of Queen Mary
 the bloody. At hia death the sit wsi
 lost, and not recovered again till lOflii,
 in the reign of Elizabeth, when Elias
 Growse, a German, according to tha
 chronicler Stowe, taught the art to tha
 English.
