Notices.
fchNO UNION WITH SI.WEIIOLDKIW-tfc
 rOl T RTEENTII ANNIVEttHARY
 Of the American Ami-slaver) Society.
 The Fourteenth Annual Meeting **f the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, will lie licld
 in the Ikoadwmy Tabernacle,. New York, «o
 Tuesday, the Ninth i&gt;ay .4 May, at 10
 o'clock, A. M
 The present a«prct of public aftkir* in thi*
 country, tJmuld make this meeting one ol
 mare than usual importance and interest, Th
 S*&gt;;ith»rn boundary of American Slavery,
 which, since tins Society w.i* loaned, ha
 bjtsi renamed from the Swlium- to ih~ Nwecw,
 it rx»wr |»o*i««Kd by it* guardian* tv reinorr
 stiil further into the free lerntoiy of a sistci
 Kspublie. Wf Imre |ntlj ration to expert
 a more PvvurtN termination to the two years
 war waged, at an enormous cxj&gt;er.*e of blood
 and treasure, f.ir the sols purpose of extending
 the worst syst *m ol human bondage by con
 quest. Whether the Abolitionist* of the
 Country can arrest the perpetration of the
 stupendous national crime, or not, it i*no lest
 tluir duty to make lh.j effort. Ti»e la«t
 jtuhlic protest they may have the ojijiortunity
 to record agaiust it, should be earnest and
 unanimous.
 Th n necessity of the moment should also
 remind us of ho.v much of the work is still tu
 h'dam, which this Soei-ty, fmrt *cn yean
 ng resolved to &lt;lo. Since its formation, Sla
 very ims not been abolished" in n single State
 ot the llilion. A million more of our coun
 trymen have been b &gt;rn to the lot of slave.-*.
 ll.it that this Society and lU auxiliaries have
 aroused, to a certain degree, a universal Anti-
 Slavcrv sentiment at the North, and have
 m ule th a topic one of absorbing interest
 throughout the country, is the best evidence
 of the wisdom of their measures, and should
 Ik; the strongest incentive to still more strenu
 ous and self-denvmg toil.
 The old and tried friends of the cause,
 and those who have been but recently
 aroused to the necessity of the overthrow of
 the felon system of American Slavery, are
 urged to make of this meeting a grand rally
 for free him.
 W.M. LLOYD GARRISON, Prcs't.
 V V I D, LL ILL ScmtoriM.
 h. H. (.AY, S
 ANTI-SEAVEKY .UEETIXGS.
 Jonathan Wai.keh, from Florida, and
 Jolts S. Jacobs, from North ('arolina, will
 address the puoplo at the following named
 places and times. Will the friends of hu
 manity at those places make the necessary
 arrangement, and assist them from place to
 place
 Fairport, Saturday', March l ft
 Egypt, .Sunday, 10.
 Penlidd, Monday, 20.
 West Walworth, Tuesday, 21.
 Corners, Wednesday, 22.
 Williamsom, Thursdays 23.
 Marion, Friday, 21.
 Palmyra, Saturday, 25.
 Rochester, Sunday, 20.
 Seneca Falls, Monday, 2/.
 Syracuse, Wednesday, 44 20.
 Whitcsboro, Tlmisday, 30.
 Utica, Friday, 31
 Little Falls, Saturday, April 1.
 M.iidvcun, Sunday, 2.
J;»h’i S-. Jacobs, a s dfi emancipated slave
 front North Carolina, proposes the following
 sori.-s of in.mtiugs, relying upon the influence
 (.f th?frisndb in each place to aid the cause
 along.
 Westfield, M-iss. Wednesday, April r
 Wareestjr, Thursday, G.
 Providenco, It. 1., Friday,
 Newport, Sat. A Sun. HA 9.
 Fall llivcr, Mass. Monday, 10.
 Nantucket Tues.A Wed. 11 A 12.
 Fairhaven, Friday, M 11-
 New Bedford, Satuiday, lfl.
 Cambridge, Tuesday, 18.
 South Boston, Wednesday, 19.
 11/P Th? Liberator will please copy.
LABORS IN RHODE ISLAND
Westerly, R. 1., Feb. 28, 1848;
 M -j. Garrison
 Dear Sir :—At the request of a few tried
 friends of the slave, I still remain in this i
 busy .little State, delivering addresses, dis-i
 trihuting books, and calling attention to
 ‘•th” sum of all viilanies/' iu every proper
 manner.
 During the last two months, 1 have spoken'
 before nearly i*o different audiencas, th most 1
 of which, w re large, and all of them very
 kind ami attentive.
 1 am now in this active, pleasant corner of)
 the land of Roger Williams, expecting to
 1 .••■tore this evening and although the Sev
 enth i&gt;iv Baptists are now quite active, and
 •arc. holding a protracted meeting here, 1 have
 the prospect of a full attendance. Our faith
 ful friend, Charles Perry, whose hospitality 1
 am now enjoying, lias k en very active in giv
 ing notice, and in making preparation.
 The narrative of my life and sufferings in
 tho pnson-lHMise of Liberty J is nearly'
 ready lor distribution, and wdl, 1 trust, yield
 a sufficient return to maintain myself
 and family firr some time longer, and enable
 met!i continue to plead the cause of tli: breth
 ren 1 left hriuad me,—-to contribute, to the i
 i Meat of my feeble powers, in awakening this,
 people to a realizing sense of the falsity of
 lliterr position before the world, and their m:J
 quity m the sight of God
 Yours, iu the cause of truth.
 ILENKY WATSON.
 in* i:ice this Liter was written, wc have
 revived a copy of the Narrative of Mr. Wat
 son, written by iu use If, which adds another
 useful and interesting work to th growing
 literature of Fugitive Slaves. It is arcoui
 pjuured with wvural platan, which convey to
 ill,, mind, through the medium of the eye, a
 v.fitrf. vivid idea of th- cruelties of slavery
 to ttm body than any language can depict.—
 |Pit it i« impossible, by any pictorial exhibi
 tion*, to portray th* stiTl greater outrages |**r
 ift rated upon ilm spirit and iteud by tint in
 t ruaj pow?r. We trope this lull.* Narrative
 wdl find a ready sale, a* Mr. W*t«w,.i is do
 -rviig of sympathy and encourage maul, aud
 in truthfulness uiay bs u|wu,
 t»*low&gt;, in all its particular*. It will led;*
 swell the tidt of public indignation afaiust
 Ik; trim of all vi I!a*iie*. /a h-rataf
 tPcsishmest. —The Select C-om
 tiHttos on Capital Punishment in the Senate
 of the Stat of New York, kve tnade an
 i.jzntmotts report :n favor of its akihtion.

 t ry The Pennsylvania Senate le:ve pasv
 t': w the L:il i» p.&gt;'*••&lt; t tlia main' 1
 *n
THE NORTH STAR.
 &gt;*li Al. JmT-
HOCHKSTKK, APRIL 7, 181*.
EDITORIAL I’ORREBFOSDEffC’E.
 A,
 March 87A.— In I’rsttsburgh, Steuben
 county, New York. The ride from Penn
 Van to this place, was mid. damp, disagreea
 ble and tedious. 'Hie frost mining out &lt;A
 the roads has almost rendered them impassi
 ble. ptir several miles we lave been in mud
 and mire up to the bubs of our wheel*. The
 though powerful, and fled, and brave,
 mule little head, hare h:ul heavy work to
 day. Wu have been nearly seven hours
 travelling seventeen nulcs.
 &lt;&gt;n leu-hmg Prittsburgh, tie were invited,
 in company with friends Itemond and Hatha
 way, to n/ake oar home at the hot;sc of Jodge
 Van Valkonburgh, who, though, as we think
 to lx*, f ir from a consistent abolitionist, is,
 nercrth.-lcss. an independent, *j iriu d and hos
 pitable nian. We had little time to iesl after
 reaching here, the day hating been consumed
 in the struggle of getting from Pcdii Yan.—
 Our first meeting was held in the Congrega
 tional Church, and considering the inclemency
 of tli s weather and ihe desjicrately bad state
 of the roads, it was well attended The
 meeting was opened by appointing Judge
 Yan Vilkenbtirgh Chairman, who called upon
 Rev. Mi. Smith to offer prayer. J. C. Hath
 away, f L. R-mond, and ourself, severally
 addressed the meeting, dwelling chiefly upon
 Urn mans to be employed in advancing the
 sacred cause, and exposing the mean suhser
 vicney of Northern uiiuistcrs and jHiliticians
 on the question.
 March 28.—We have just closed our sec
 ond and third Anti-Slavery meetings here—
 one this afternoon and one this evening. The
 weather has been vc-y unprnpitious through
 out but the desire to hear has defied the
 weather, and our meetings have been well
 attended. The caus'j looks hopeful. The
 people generally are of the right mould to
 receive and retain Anti-Slavery sentiments.—
 They are of tin puritanic stock, somewhat
 modified, and chastened by the liberality com
 mon to a newly-settled region. Most of the
 influential families here arc originally from
 New England. Once make such people abo
 litionists, and they w ill generally remain such.
 Like the Scotch, they are hard to convert;
 but when converted, never fall from grace.—
 Our meetings have revived discussion, and
 produced an extended interest; and much
 good may result front them.
 At the close of this evening’s meeting, a
 notice was given for a meeting for the pur
 pose of forming a Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Sew
 ing Circle. Several Ladies expressed their
 interest in this mode of effort, among whom
 we may mention the names of Mrs. Van
 hitson, Miss Rhoda Smith, and Miss Mary
 Yan Yalkenburg. These ladies will un
 doubtedly do much towards perpetuating and
 extending the interest already created in
 I’rattsburgli.
 March 2'.)th and 30th.—In Hath, the capital
 of Steuben County, New York. It is a
 growing town, situated fin the Conliocton, a
 quick-moving stream, uniting with the Tioga
 a short distance alxive its confluence with the
 Susquehanna. The scenery surrounding
 Hath, like that of tnanv other parts of this
 country, is picturesque and beautiful. Lofty
 hills surround it on all sides, and rival in
 beauty the far-famed Dunkcld. The steep
 hill-sides ate richly covered from base to top
 with tall and finely proportioned firs, towering
 up one above another, at times wholly con
 cealing the cragged rocks, out of the midsl
 of which they rise. It is worth a journey to
 Hath to enjoy the scenery. Much more can
 be said of the natural beauty of the place than
 of the actual goodness of the people. It so
 happens that Hath was settled, to a considera
 ble extent, by slaveholders. It is easy to sec
 here the fruits of slavery the old roots ol
 bitterness are still visible. There s here the
 same supercilious air to be seen on the partol
 whites towards colored persons, and the same
 display of degrading servlity on the part of a
 portion of the latter, which we have been
 accustomed to see in slave States. Many ol
 the colored people here are the children ol
 persons formerly held as slaves in this lown,
 and some of the elder men and women have
 themselves b»on slaves, and of course u'ear
 the marks of slavery in their tempers and
 dispositions. Wc happen here at a time when
 our presence is much needed, and when we
 can be of some service to out oppressed
 brethren and sisters of this place, by asserting
 and defending their rights.
 The town has just built a large and com
 modious brick school-house. They have done
 this by imposing a special tax on all taxable
 property, making no distinction on account ot
 the color of the jx.rsons owning it; and now
 that the school-house is completed, a petition
 has been put in circulation, and has been nu
 merously signed by the white inhabitants, de
 signed to exclude colored children from the
 school. \Yc are here while this proposition
 i is before the peojile, and arc doing our best to
 defeat it. The monstrous injustice and inef
 fable meanness of the measure is so palpable,
 that one would think the community which
 would adopt it as destitute of shame as they
 are of a moral sense. They tax the pro[»ertp
 of the blaj't man equally with that of the
 white man, under the pretence of building a
 school-house for the common benefit of all,
 and when it is finished, the w hites combine to
 exclude the black unit's children from all
 participation tu the benefits which the school
 house w as intended to confer. A more fraud
 ulent and disgraceful transaction could not
 well be enacted. It is, however, due to truth,
 as well as the credit of Hath, to say that
 some of its most wealthy and most distin
 guished c t.zens are utterly opposrd to this
 most flagitious measure, aud that there is
 strong reason to believe that it w ill be defeat
 ed. It is also highly creditable to the intelli
 gence of the colored people themselves that
 they stand unanimously opposed to this meas
 ure. I’alike certain advocates fur exclusive
 organizations amongst the colored people, they
 see that such separation must he injurious tu
 I all, both white and black. lan them art on
 Uiu principle in church and State, and Ame
 rican prejudice will be of short duration. The
 parlms here w ishing to exclude the colored
 chilJren from the district school, are nut ig
 norant of their cruelty aud injustice, and, as
 usual, they throw a veil over their motives, by
 saying that they ate willing to contribute lib
 erally fi't a colored winch shall be exj
rluiirfly forcohrcd children. TtiiiwßmUe
 •h«w «f geflereufy, we are gbd to &lt;»fi d***
 ant den-tr* any part of the colored
 here. All see in it the spirit of cwlo«4*»*fon.
 nxhara, a men ana re to entrap and keaf
 oted peoplfe hi tbeir present degraded eoodi*
 tion. Tb«y cannot) as they ought not) trust
 and confide he the promises and preteoaies* o(
 men who can promise ao fairly and act so un
 justly. They hare taken the black man*a
 money to haild ao .decant school house, in the
 most eligible part of the town, professedly for
 the common good of all, and after it is com
 ph*ed,all nieely finished, it is said, This house
 is too nice for niggers/* and we will build
 them one mueb better soiled to their condi
 tion. Infernal as this treatment is, it is but a
 counterpart of that which crcry where pursues
 tlic worried footseps of oor injured fellow
 countrymen. We are wronged and plundered
 io all directions injustice 'cruelty auH fraad
 scera to be our doom. Oh. when shall this
 spirit cease to pursue and dog our footsteps
 When will the American people learn to treat
 as with common justice Stares to tndtridu
 a.'* at the South, we are hut little better than
 slaves to romnmnity at the North. The com
 munity sport with oor rights with as much im
 punity, as if we formed no part of die family
 of mao. They tax ns, deny us the right of
 suffrage, take our money to build school
 houses, and spurn our children from their
 doors. Prejudice pursues us in every lane of
 life. Even our courts of Uwr are against us.
 We are tried by our enemies. The judge,
 jury and counsellor are all undeT the influence
 of a bitteT prejudice against us. In such a
 state, justice isbm a name.
 March 31st.—Still in Hath. We have held
 four meetings, and another is called for to
 morrow evening and considering the urgent
 invitations and the general interest excited, es
 pecially with reference to excluding colored
 children from the new district school-house,
 Retnond, Hathaway and ourself have conclu
 ded to stay and hold another meeting. It will
 he an importa it point gained if we secure this
 right. Let colored children be educated and
 grow up side by side with white children
 come up friends from unsophisticated and
 generous childhood together, and it will re
 quire a powerful agent to convext them intc
 enemies, and lead them to prey upon eacli
 other's rights and liberties. Now is the timi
 for effort. The town is in considerable com
 motion. The enemies of justice, liberty anr
 equality are active, and using their utmost en
 deavore to blast armf destroy the force of ou
 arguments and appeals in behalf of cqua
 rights. The old cry of amalgamation is raiset
 1 here with as much fierceness as it was tci
 years ago in New England. The people an
 j just about ten years behind the times on thi:
 subject.
 When about leaving the Court House aftc
 the meeting this evening, wc were hailed b)
 a pro-slavery Methodist Episcopal priest bt
 the name of Aldin, who said that the churcl
 had no more right to abolish slavery than i
 had to abolish whiggery, and that the Mctho
 dist Conference did right in assuming th&lt;
 ground that they had no right, wish, or in
 tention to abolish slavery, it being an iiistitn
 tiou upheld by thg laws of the country. W&lt;
 i asked him why he did not speak out hisviewi
 I in the public congregation when called upoi
 to do so. lie answered, Because I wouh
 not put myself on a level with a niggrr up
 j on which wc walked off, feeling that the sell
 righteous ruffian was not a suitable person fo
 us to expend our breath upon. We shall
 however, give the public the benefit of In
 views, with suitable comments, to-morrov
 evening. He could speak and insult us ii
 I e 1
 private, but could not condescend to utter
 word in regard to us in public, where hi
 sophistry could be exposed before all.
 F. D.

 New Liseon, 0., March 22, *4B.
 Dear Dot glass :—Here I am. I le!
 Pittsburgh, after an effectual settlement
 inv business and domestic affairs, on Monday
 the 13th inst., ou my western tour for th
 i North Star.
 I passed through New Brighton, sojournin
 with our kind mutual friends, Elizabeth an
 Milo A. Townsend, stopping at Darlington
 where I received kind attention fiom Dr. Fn
 J sier and Hev. Mr. Scott.
 I have held meetings at Palestine, Colunr
 biana, Salem, Cool-Spring, and New Lisbor
 all in thi3 Slate, which meetings were well
 and, in some cases, numerously attended.
 I am now, as you know, in the region c
 the Anti-Slavery Bugle,” a well-conducte
 paper, under the editorial management of ou
 kind frieuds, Benj. and Elizabeth Jones,
 shall leave this morning for Hanover, thane
 shape my course South-westerly, touchin
 the most important places and settlements c
 the friends of humanity, both white an
 colored, until I reach Cincinnati. I have ha
 a loud call to this city—l am in hopes it wi
 not be in vain.
 I have met thus far in my travels, wit
 courtesy and kindness, the friends tnvariabl
 keeping me clear of expense, and wherever
 stopped at hotels, I fared, as common sens
 would liave it, equally w ith the others.
 Of all the places I have as yet visited i
 Ohio, I find New Lislron to be the most nnd&lt;
 pro-slavery influence. There are, it is tru&lt;
 some noble spirits here, such as the Garre
 sons, and others whom 1 could name bu
 aside from these, there is an assumed mocl
 1 aristocracy, who endeavor to mould ever
 thing to suit their own caprices; and such
 the iuflueoce they exert, that what is terrue
 the poor men,” or common men, in walkin
 along the streets, look and act the very slavi
 i For instance, a respectable looking strang
 1 colored man, is assailed and assaulted on e'
 erv side as he passes through the streets,wrii
 all manner of low and disparaging cpithcti
 and those w ho do it, like spaniels fawnin
 upon their masters, look about towards tl
 doors of the stores and offices, to receive tl;
 grinning approbation of the hidden iutnaU
 who, too proud to do the duty wo*k hunsel
 Mis or Oars is within the dors, and coounaot
 his miserable serfs witlmct.
 j So prevalent is this serfdom of prejudiei
 thst there is scarcely a child in the place ah
 to lisp a name, but it flifA 00l dinparagetnei
 against the colored stranger —even the chi
 drt*n of some who call themselves abolitior
 isis. This proves, that such persons are c
 crushed with the prevailing influence of tli
 i place, that they readily yield to its base max
 dates, rather than fat! victims to the odiui
 consequent upon a contrary course. 1 bet
 are, however, but few such, as the majority i
 .ii 1. an w** (a&lt;
the nbolttkmisis heir, especially ihs Friends,
 ►are themselves wealthy, aW (aside from the*
 abolition) influential, and above the influenpte,
 is qoesßion.
 There is herr a Sewing Circle, hit few hi
 number, though great in acting and the good
 they effect. I expect much good In the slave
 and the ems* of bleeding humanity, to b*
 effected by the effects of these good Ladies.
 God bless them! Notwithstanding petty 1
 prejudices, this is a great field for Anti-Sla
 very labor, and I had s very Urge meeting,
 though there were several imp riant meetings
 in session, together with a night session of
 the court, upon UWery interesting case. Of
 course this manifests a desire on the part of
 the people to scarth after anti-slavery truths.
 Considering that this place-is the seat of the
 county court house, you may not wonder at
 the servility of tie lower classes, because
 where there is in this country the most law,
 there is the least liberty.
 Columbiana is a place that promises much,
 only wanting more laborers; but Salem, of
 which I can speak but little now, has raised
 its bead the highest above the pre-slavery io
 fluenecs of the state of any that I hare yet
 1 visited. Here, the people are free, and pre
 slavenr is evidently at the fmot instead of the
 head of society.
 This independence of the place may easily
 be accounted for, when it is considered that
 the Bugle*’ has here planted its standaid,
 I Benjamin and Elizabeth Jones, the fearless
 and unfiinchiug bearers. Here, also, James j
 Barnaby lives, and our indefatigable friend
 and co-laborer in the cause of the downtrod
 j den, Samuel Brooke. Here, also, Isaac and
 Jane M. Trescott, among the foremost and
 best of the fnends of humanity, reside. Jane
 H. Treacott is a most noble woman—a wo- j
 i man of the best and highest order of intel
 lect, the largest and most excellent heart.
 There are in New Lisbon but few colored
 people —these very industrious and respecta
 ble. Sly kind friend, Isaac Pleasance, who,
 together with his kind wife, tenders hospital
 ity to all the friends of freedom, is among
 the foremost her?. I opine, that the colored
 citizens of the west generally will take the
 North Star.
 Having now made a beginning, I shall,
 while on my tour, give you weekly advices of
 my w hereabouts.
 Yours in the cause Goff and humanity,
 M. It. D'.
CHEAP POSTAGE.
 On our outside will be found a letter from
 the Boston Committed, on the subject of cheap
 Postage. That letter will be read with
 attention by all interested (and who is not
 iu this matter. Every one is interested in it.
 The letter shows that the revenue will not be
 injured by the reduction in the price of post
 age. This will be satisfactory to those who
 consider this a fit inode of raising a revenue.
 It is not so. It is a tax on knowledge. It
 would be as rational to raise the means of
 supporting a government, by levying a tax on
 every one who loams to read, or write, or
 cypher, increasing the tax with his increasing
 acquirements. A high rate of postage is
 a great barrier to the spread of intelligence
 and of friendly sentiment throughout the land.
 If the Post-olfiee pays its own expenses,
 nothing more should be expected or desired
 of il. In England, the introduction of the
 penny rate of postage hns added incalculably
 to the happiness and intelligence of the
 people.
 Petitions arc in circulation,asking Congress
 to introduce the two-cent system of postage.
 It is to he hoped that Congress will have the
 wisdom to grant the request. A petition
 lies for signature at the Arcade, in this city.
 What is there to prevent its being signed by
 every citizen of Rochester? Here is a means
 by which the nation may acquire what is
 more useful, and substantial, and inestimably
 more valuable than glory—the glory of a suc
 cessful Mexican war, which, after all, is no
 glory, but disgrace. Up, and be doing
 now J. d.
IT~p Mr. Palfrey lias introduced the follow
 ing resolution it the House of Representatives.
 Notice of debate being given (of course) it
 jies over under the rule.
 Resolved, That the President be requested
 to communicate to this House, if not incon
 sistent with the public interest, conies of in
 structions issued from the Stale Department
 toVVm. Hogan, employed'by this govern
 ment in the island of llayti in the year 1844
 and 1545; also copies of any correspondence
 between the Department of State and said
 Hogan, during and subsequent to the time of
 his said mission.
The following is Mr. Tuck’s resolution,
 which also lies over:
 Whereas, the laws ef the United States
 now permit the collection of debts by the
 extent of executions upon persons held as
 slaves, and spies have been made of slaves by
 virtue of such laws; therefore,
 Resolved, That the Committee on the Ju
 diciary be directed to report a bill to prohibit
 the sale of persons held as slaves, on any pre
 cept in favor of the United States.
NEW YORK ANTI
 SLAVERY SOCIETY.
 A Special meeting of the Executive Com
 mittee will be held at Lite Anti-Slavery office,
 25, RufTalo Street, on Tuesday evening,
 April 18th, at 7 o’clock precisely. It is con
 fidently expected, that every member will be
 present. The emergency calls for it.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
Anti-Slavery Meetings. —C. L. Re
 mold and J. C. Hathaway, Agents of the
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society,
 will hold meetings as follows:
 Millport, Sat. Sund. April 8&amp; 9.
 Ittaica, Mood. Tues. 10 11.
 Springport, Thure. Yn* 13 14.
 IO 3 Frederick Dot glass will attend the
 above meetings.
Plllic Doc chests. Hon. John G. Pal
 frey, will please accept our thanks for the
 Message from the President of the United
 States, and accompanying Documents Hon.
 Josh. R. Ginotxns, for a copy of Mr. Root's
 Speech on Indemnity and Hon. F.G. Reid,
 of the New York Assembly, lor a copy of the
 Report of the Select Committee appointed to
 inquire into the Condition and operation of the
 Normal School.
 TO COIUUapONDENTB.
 E. D. K., Rranlftdd, O.—Yoar noarj was sub
 ject to some discount. Yam are credited to No. *6.
 &lt;LK.. Adrian, M&gt;c*~_Lrato4Wly srinow tedded.
 R. K. W., B««iaa—Mar. ?4 received. Thanks.
 J. C. H. —Lfflrr of 24* b ah. received, sad sob*
 srribeis ail registered. Notices wen; nut in time
 for Luy uaMii.tr.
 m
iftmununuatioits.
AIEXK AX SLAVERY,
 b» TfrcU mpm tke SUn+nMmf P&gt;jmiatxm *f Urn
 II 11
 A 1 »l»nk&lt;s pnwpr \m* irwimnranl onhr I
 la dr tract fra* thr tuppinr** of thr jirrwai* afcu an
 rtd jrrt to it, ImS tu tl nntrr thr E ,wJ qmlitir* of
 that whojwMrM it. Thr wbt.tr hMury of human
 natnrr will jwtify me in mving, that aorh m thr trn-'
 ilmry of pw»«r ua thr oac hand, a«l •iarcrtr an thr
 oth rt.—Dr. Tkvuu C**f*r, S. C.
 ShtTrry prey* spun thr mj vitals of, and is prr-'
 jirhrial la, ail the stair# uj ahicb it cxtsU.—JL
 4mm.
 If there could be any works of rupemrofa
 tion in the intwlitetj cause, it v|oah! cer
 tainly be in arguing the effects of such a sys
 tem as American slavsry upon .the moral
 condition of the slavckokkng population at the 1
 South, to any observer or reader of Southern
 character, or its edicts upon theur pecuniary
 interest, to any one capable of making a com*
 I parison between the wealth and population of
 the respective sections.
 We need but look at the daily records of
 the South, from Trias to the federal city, and
 they too plainly indicate what is the effect of
 the peculiar institution” upon the morals of
 the South, by the frequent occurrence of
 1 crimes, of rencontres, of duels and assassina
 tions, in all parts of the community, from the
 most obscure haunts of the refuse ef society,
 to the legislative councils of the nation—
 amongst the most favored 90ns of the 44 chi
 valrous South the press of the country
 is now heralding a disgraceful scene that oc
 curred between Messrs. l£arralson,of Georgia,
 and Jones, of Tennessee, in the House of
 Representatives, the post week. Both of
 these gentlemen” are slaveholders. In
 deed, so frequent are these occurrences, that
 1 the papers at the South lament the insecu
 rity of human life, and the impotency of
 law.
 And could human life he other than inse
 cure, when the law affords no protection to the
 lives of one-tliird of its inhabitants, allowing
 the master to destioy the limb or life of his
 slaves in the administering of 44 moderate
 1 correction tan the child be nursed and
 daily exercised in tyrannizing over one class of
 human beings, without disregarding the lives
 of the other f
 It may be said that the- laws in most of the
 slave States expressly protect the lives of
 slaves but this is only a seeming protection
 for in all the slave,as in some of the so-called
 free States, the evidence of colored persons
 (negroes and mulattocs) is inadmissible when
 white persons are parties to tbo case crcause.
 Throughout the w hole South, front Maryland
 to the Rio Grande, any white assassin may
 plunge a daggerin the heart of the most re
 spectable colored citizen, in tho presence of
 any number of colored persons of the same
 'respectability, and their combined evidence
 will be insufficient to cause the issuing of a
 magistrate's warrant for the arrest of the cul
 prit. This same diabolical law exists i
 Washington, the capital of the nation, andir
 Ohio and several other miscalled free States,
 Its express terms are, “that no Indian, ne
 gro, or mulatto’B word shall be taken ir
 evidence against a Christian white person" —a
 law that would disgrace an Algerine pirate's
 I vessel.
 The result of the privilege of exercising
 such unrestrained power and passion over the
 lives and persons of their 44 &lt;labels,” the
 unlimited power of masters over their female
 !-laves, is to create a recklessness of human
 life, a general disregard of morality, and the
 giving vent to violenco and licentiousness,
 producing murders, duels and rapine, con
 j verting the whole region into one gulf ol
 wholesale jxdlution and illegitimacy.
 If w e look back to the settlement of the
 several colonies, that compose the States ol
 this confederacy, their position, population,
 resources and commercial advantages at the
 time of tlie formation of the Federal Union,
 we must be forcibly impressed with thf
 truthfulness of the expression of Presidcnl
 i Madison, that slavery had preyed upon the
 vitals of every state in which it exists,
 i Virginia in 1790 had a population ol
 748,308 souls; whilst New York had 340,-
 110: Virginia a surface embracing 70,00(
 square miles New York a surface embracing
 45,059 square miles. The former (Va.) was
 more favored by the hand of nature, bj
 'the mother country, when a colony, and bj
 the federal gqvernment as a State and yetir
 fifty years the population of New York hac
 increased from one half to double that of ir
 ginia, viz:
 New York, in 1840, 2,428,921
 Virginia, 1,239,797
 The estimated value of property in New
 YotU, $651,000,000, in 1839. The estimated
 value of property iu Virginia, $212,000,000,
 in 1838.
 Even mong unfavorable results to thf
 Southern or slaveholding States, may be ar
 rived at by comparing verdant Maryland with
 sterile, blue, and frigid Massachusetts; Keu
 tucky, upon which the aoft mellow sun"
 smiles, with Ohio, whose hardy features arc
 lit up by the 44 aurora borealis.”
 Now, w hat is the cause of this disparity ol
 wealth end population, in spite of superioi
 natural advantages, and national favor I Tb&lt;
 answer is, Slavery.
 In a community where the working popu
 lation are freemen, receiving a stipulated com
 pensation for their labor, or cultivating thcii
 owi farms, they create a market for the mail
 ufacturer and the merchant, and effort
 employment to the doctor, lawyer and me
 chauic.
 Let ns suppose the foundation of a settle
 i ment by 500 freemen and their families, upot
 1 50,000 acres of land, equally divided betweet
 100 proprietors, (500 acres each,) the other
 being their free laborers; these would ral
 l together a number of carpenters and mason
 to build comfortable houses these, with tin
 others, would create a market fur the grocer
 dry goods and other merchants; and all takei
 together, would afford employment fee th&lt;
 1 minister, schoolmaster, lawyer and doctor
 thus concentrating a population, and cor.se
 i quently enhancing the value of the land.—
 Let us estimate this land at 10 dollars pe
 acre at the commencement, and at the expire
 tkm of ten years, 60 dollars per acre, the dif
 fereuce in value of lands equi-diatant (tun
 Cincinnati, in Kentucky and Ohio; this wool
 jdange the value of the 50,000 acres, at ill
 per acre, from $500,000 to 60,000 acres a
 $OO per sera—s3,ooo,os%
 Now Jet us suppose TOe same Dumber e
 j proprietors,owning the same number of acres
at the same value, $lO ger acre, with 400
 slaves an fcborew, with than fem*l« s and
 children. The unrequited laborer* would
 hare no huuorsbls incentive to industry they
 would impoverish instead of improving the
 land instead of firing employment to those
 dial the community of freemen Would rail to
 gether, they would he fed on the coarser pro
 ducts of the land, clothed, if clothed at all, in
 the coarsest domestics, sheltered under the
 most rude and miserable huts, fsrbid an ae
 quaintance with the lawyer and the school
 master, the land would decrease instead of
 increasing in value; and, perudventure, the
 wolf and deer would at the expiration of ten
 years graze on the spot once marked with
 ripening corn.
 But let us value their lantf at firsf price,
 $500,000; let us 4dd to their 4(H) men, 3(H)
 women, 600 children, and their iucrcasc in
 ten years, 700 more, making iu all 2,000 per
 sons, atan average value of $3O0 —$600,000,
 and compare the wealth of the respective
 proprietors in land and slaves:
 Total value of lands of free
 company, $3,000,000
 Tot'll value of lands and slaves
 of slave company, 1,100,000
 Balance in favor of free co. 1,900,001
 An item of pecuniary consideration, es
 tablishing the fact that right is at all times
 expedient, duty and interest inseparably con
 uected together. J. C. 11.
 Brooklyn, March 20. 1848.

 COLORED MINISTERS.
 The last number of the Ram's Horn, pub
 lishes an excellent letter from its Hartford
 correspondent, Augustus Washington, con
 taining many valuable suggestions, conferring
 credit alike upon the head and of its au
 thor. But the following tribute to a dis
 tinguished colored Clergyman, will be gratify
 i ing to many readers-of the North Star and af
 ford opportunity for remarks which I hope
 will not prove out of place
 The Rev. Mr. Pennington, of the Fifth
 Congregational Church, has accepted a sec
 ond call from the First Colored Presbyterian
 Church of your city, and will leave here as
 soon as an ecclesiastical council of the associa
 turn shall have accepted his resignation. I
 may be selfish, vet I cannot but regret exceed-
 I ingly that ho should feel it his duty to leave
 I this people, whose pastor he has been for the
 i Ins* eight years. He has ever secured the
 confidence "and respect of the whole communi
 ty r and has had one of the most oiderly, re
 spectable, and intelligent audiences that 1 ev
 lor knew. lie-is a sound theologian, a good
 self-inadc scholar, and a gentleman: aside
 from pastoral duties, actively engaged, heart
 and hand, to temperance, education, anti-sla
 very, and all the rclwrmsthat tend to improve
 refine and elevate society, lie is one ot th«
 ablest men we have in the country, and per
 haps lvas never been properly appreciated by ui
 till now. He w ill leave us with the esteen
 and regret of all the good, and the respect am
 admiration of those even who seldom nppre
 ciate virtue and moral worth. We bid bin
 i God speed, lie cannot but do good whereve
 i} he goes.
 It is indeed, a cheering sign of the times
 that there can be found colored Ministers win
 i 1 believe it to be a part of their appropriati
 l sphere, to impress upon their congregation
 i the 44 ways and means of elevation;” fo
 j strange as it may seem to some, it is neverthe
 less true, that a large number of colored Cler
 i gymen, Deacons and lay members have labor
 cd under the erroneous and fatal impression
 that a study of the arts and sciene &gt;s necessa
 rily contributes to a decline of religious
 knowledge, and have therefore thought they
 were doing God service, when frowning down
 any attempt at mental improvement in theii
 f (lock, except what may happen to sqr.art
 with their sectarian dogmas, as if by a familial
 I acquaintance w ith the different departments o
 f science, which is but truth reduced to a system
 their reverence would become cold for Hie
 s v. ho is the Author of all truth; forgetting
 that towards whatever branch of knowledge
 we direct our researches we may, if sodispos
 t cd, make every kind pay its contribution tc
 the oracles of God.
 j Religion teaches us to recognize Cod in al
 f things. Every moment of our lives we are it
 .1 the tnnplc of the Creator for the whole ere
 ation is that temple—the mountains that lifl
 their heads above the clouds—the boundless
 ocean, the roar of whose waves chant from
 r 1 shore to shore—the countless tribes of plants
 r and animals, all are manifestations of the pow
 i er, and display the greatness of that Being
 1 who measures the waters of the universe ir
 the hollow of his hand, who weighs tin
 j mountains in scales and the hills in a balance
 It lias been my lot to Listen, from earl)
 childhood, to colored C lergymen of variorn
 r sects and denominations and witli sorrow dr
 111 record the fact that in but a minority
 ,1 eases have they exhibited the capability at al
 I worthy of their high calling as teachers.—
 The reroiniscense of the many delinquencies
 apparent at times,-even to the school childrci
 i' among the congregation, are sufficient to cx
 1 cits a tear of deep regret in view of the un
 profitable contract between Pastor and People
 i A few years since, the colored citizens cH
 Boston, regretting that those among them as
 f piring to lead in religious matters did no
 r! evince the proper degree of zeal for intellect
 t ual improvement adopted the following resolu
 tions
 Resolved, That the apathy manifested bt
 our colored ininbtera of the gospel, in r«*fer
 enee to the promulgation of the arts and amen
 r j ccs among us as a people, tend* more to re
 tard out intellectual emancipation, than tin
 l influence of any date of persons, except tin
 slaveholders.
 Resolved, That it is the duty of our peopl&lt;
 to gree their support to such ministers of tic
 gospel, as show proof of the best inU-llectua
 j and spiritual cultivation.
 i i hi* an axiom, that a minister exerts a grea
 influence over his people, either for good o
 evil. }j-t hut those, to whom the color®
 1 j people of the different Stales give their patron
 s age, either go before or with the people, i
 t matters [«rtaiaing to their elevation in society
 end we shall soon rejoice in a better state r
 things. Then will be realized the bcauttfi
 a language of the Psalmist— Our son* will b
 t as plant* grown up in their youth, am! ot
 daughter* as corner stones, polished alter th
 similitude of a palace.” Let that daw* of u
 dividual# duly appreciate tl* respoustbilit
 j vested is them, and a chord wiQ W siruc
 r which will vibrate thtough the.nation.
 -1 The names of some honorable except**
 now occur—clergymen stationed in dues an
 a towns, who have dona thetr duty, by prret]
 J and nrompfr, the general elevation of the
 brethren; hat in my native city, Boston, in
 t ptosouMt enee deserve special mention.
 t Many yearn ago, the Rev. Theaue Paul pr&lt;
 f sided over a large congregation. He wi
 J possessed of fine tafeaia htmself, enriched h
 1
active intercourse with, and fner.dsbip ef,
 celebrated individuals, in eml and literary re
 lations, both at hems and in England. I ran
 remember among Uis merits, the efforts origi
 nated and promoted by him fer the education
 and welfare of those with whom his fortune*
 were allied. Saying this is but rendering
 justice to a good man sow m hw grave. At
 a later day. John T. Raymond occupied rh«
 same pulpit, and proudly do I testify to one
 fcict conspicuous in his ministry. Education,
 Anti-Slavery and Temperance, always re
 ceived from him deported attention. Lertsm*
 on the various reforms were cordially solicited
 to address hw ehorch, in which exercises he
 participated, w ith credit to himself and satis
 faction to others. He believed and taught
 that 44 man educated will ever be better than
 when igiorant. Every reasonable eieaturrr
 should be capable of considering and reflect
 ing on what relates to himself aid the sociaf
 rights of his fellow men.”
 This dark hour is passing away, f’olamf
 men and women (especially the younger
 portion) are looking forward, aiming toeipamf
 their minds,and they will not be satisfied wit Is
 anything abort of what tends to 44 improve,
 elevate and refine.’’
 While colored churches do exis4, for hu
 manity's sake, let the pulpit lie filled by men
 to whom the aspiring mind ran look up t«v
 with confidence. Even this is an advance
 step, and w ill better prepare all for the advent
 of a brighter day.
 1 know of no language better adapted to*
 impress this subject upon colored clcrgymon
 and their supporters, than the follow ing ex
 tract from I xml Broughanl on Popular Educa
 tion Let no one be afraid of the bulk cf
 community becoming too accomplished well
 educated, and even well versed in all th«
 sciences they assuredly may become, and the
 worst consequences that can follow to tht-ir
 superiors, will be, that to deserve being called
 their betters, they too must devote themselves
 more to the pursuits of solid and refined learu
 ing.”—w. c. M.
 COLORED CHURCHES.
 My Dear Friend and brother from tho
 hands of American Slavery :—1 congratulate
 you in the philanthropic enterprise in w hich
 you are engaged. 1 hail you as a fellow
 laborer in the cause of freedom for time
 millions of our fellow-men, who are still toil
 ing und .T the slave-driver's lash, on the
 American soil, without wages. But while
 wo are battling against chattel slavery in this
 bated land of professed liberty, 1 think we
 owe it to ourselves and to our posterity” to
 do all we can to break down the ungodly pre
 judice and sectarianism which prevail to an
 alarming extent, and which would, if it were
 possible, shut the people of color out of Heav
 en itself.
 1 am happy to see that you have taken up
 the institution of colored churches, w hic h, I
 presume, will be a very unwelcome din trine
 among the pro-slavery white churches of tho
 da v, as well as among a large class of the
 colored. But I think we must have chanty,
 and make some allowance, for the latter neeus
 to be pitied rather than rebuked. To break
 down these churches would stop a large num
 ber of them from preaching what they call
 the gospel. But 1 shall not now attempt to
 infringe upon the subject by giving my ow»&gt;
 views with regard to it for you have most
 philosophically spoken my mind, and pcrliaj s
 more felly than 1 could have done myself, and
 1 only write this by way of giving response to
 your sentim 'tits.
 I consul :r this to lie one of the most vital
 questions connected w ith our future destiny:
 It stands directly in the way of our moral, re
 ligious and intellectual improvement, and a*
 such we are hound to expose it. We should
 contend for the natural equality of the human
 family, without regard to color or sect.
 I see un more use in having a colored
 church exclusively, than having a colored
 heaven and a colored God. 1 regard prejudice
 to be just as w icked iu a colored person as in
 a wliite oue. Where is the dillerencc f —and
 who are they that stand holding up the enm
 plexionary and sectarian lines It is tho
 proud, aristocratic clergymen among the pro
 slavery whiti-s. They arc generally pleased
 to encourage colored schools and colored
 churches.
 And, on the other hand, we find among
 ourselves fanatical, superstitious, and ignorant
 leaders, preaching up the same doctrine.—
 From such quarters wo may expect to meet
 the strongest opposition to this important
 branch of reform. But I have no fears of not
 succeeding, sooner or later, believing that
 44 God will speed the right.”
 Sir, lam with you onlhis question. You
 are pulling on the right strings pull away,
 and I will help you. Ix:t us make a long
 pull, a strong pull, and a poll altogether.”—
 I.ct us pull until we pull down ignorance,
 prejudice, sectarianism, superstition, colored
 schools, colored churches, and American sla
 very, tliL- mother of all these abominations.—
 Tiieu wc shall have justice, humanity and
 liberty.
 Ever true to the cause of suffering bur
 mamty, HENRY 8188.
 Boston, March 25, 1348.
 MR. ROOT ON INDEMNITY.
 There are a few men in the Senate who do
 1 not hesitate to plain things of Preside! t
 Polk and the Mexican war. Mr. Root is oue
 of these. He says, on the subject of the
 Mexican iudeinuity—
 I 44 Indemnity for the past! Where are we
 l to get indemnity fur the hundred Billions of
 ,dollar* squandered in thi* accursed war?
 Where are wc U» get indemnity Cur the thou
 sand* of lives of our citizens, which have
 been sacrificed in thi* war Will Uus new
 acquisition of territory indemnify us for all
 I this? It may lie satisfactory to Mr. Polk—it
 may be satisfactory to a majority on this floor
 i but w here shall the widow look for her in
 demnity W litre shall the mother, made
 childless by thi* war, look for her uidcmuity
 Where shall the orphan children, whose
 fathers have fallen in battle, or by disease in
 that distant land, look ire their indemnity
 Can any of these new acquisition* under tho*
 treaty, indemnify them 1 Oh, sir, tlrese am
 j things of which our government seem* to lose
 i sight, ludetuuity for tho past! What kind
 of indemnity can he obtained for the past? R
 dors seem to me, sir, that in all tbi* bloody
 business, tho men who hsve hern the most
 lieliw in it. have only regarded this war in
 ►1 rehttio* to the effect it is hkely to have on
 (future elections; and they bnve not oneo
 thought bow it will he regard**! by the Judge
 of all. Aud urlien 1 think of these things, I
 ‘.thank tor Gun—humbly thank him. that be
 gave tnc the nerve and the fmnnt** to »ta»4
