{Jaetrn.
THE BEAUTY OF LIBERTY.
 44 In all thin?* that have lra«t\ therr nothin?
 man inonr ohih-U dun litMiy.—Mii-TO*.’*
 Whew t|n» (Jane* of thr*
 At dnv-break i* «h*w,
 Arxl tlw rbreh* of the morning
 AV? «d wwA the *iw«;
 When he *i:»k#, in hi* glory,
 At ere from the tvw,
 An I rail) tlie f*ta:WU
 To Waie m the blue—
 There i* hnutD —l*rt where i* the Irantv to mr
 More jsroo.l than ll*e eight of a tint ion when free?
 Wh.'n the IK-autifol
 Of the Iwtt i* alwive,
 Like a circle light
 On tl»e noenm of lore;
 W hen the maun, in her niillnnw,
 In ffatiug on high.
 Like a banner of *ilver
 Hung out in like *kj—
 Tlienr is lummy—lxit earth lia* ie» l«eairty to nee
 Mote pron.l ti*an the front of a nation when free.
 I*, the of tlie daihtu
 I nvaried in hue,
 When shallow* are veiling
 The hreaul of the War;
 Wlr’n tint voire of the tempest
 At midnight i* *till r
 And tlie spirit of sohlttic
 8le»-j»» oil tlw hill—
 There in lieauiy—!nit where i» the Ix-nuly to »ee,
 Like iW- UuaJ-lieaiiiiiig brow of a nation when free
 In tlie lireath of the morning,
 When Nature a rok or.
 And rail* up tlie clioru*
 To chant in the brake*;
 Li the voice of the eelio
 Unlioumlei in woods,
 In tlie ri|kf&lt;ling of *trr;«m«,
 And die fiaming of flood*—
 There is beauty —-Ml where is tin- beauty to see,
 Mike tlie dn icxj-ballowcd sight of a nation when free
 Wlien the Klin in? of surges
 Is tna 1 on the main,
 Like the charge of a column
 Of pinnies on the plain;
 When the thunder is up,
 From it* cloud cradle 1 sleep,
 And the tempest is treading
 'Flic path* of the deep—
 There is Ix-uutv—hut w here i* die beauty to see,
 Kike flic atin-lw illi.mt brmv of a nation wltcn free?
 Fi •oin How itt’s Journal.
 YOUNG MEN OF EVERY CREEI).
 IIY W. 11. PRIDF-iUI.
 Ymiug men of every creed!
 Up, and lx' doing now
 'Hie time is conic to “run and read,”
 With thoughtful eye and lirow.
 Extend your grasp to catch
 'Filing* nnsittaiaed before;
 Touch-die quick springs of Reason’s latch,
 And cuter at her door?
 The seeds of mind are sown
 In every human breast;
 But dormant lie, uni'*.** we own
 The spirit’s high lieliest!
 Look outwardly,and learn;
 Turn inwardly, and think
 An I Truth and Love shall brighter burn
 OVr Error's wasting brink.
 (live energy to thought,
 lly musing a* ye move;
 Nor deem unworthy might,
 Or trifling for your love!
 I’luage in the crowding mart
 There read die looks of men;
 And human nature’s wondrous chart
 Shall open to your keii!
 Shim slavery—’Us sin!
 The deadliest fatal ban
 Which ever v. i!erf the light within,
 And palled the soul of mail!
 Ja freedom walk sublime,
 As tiod designed ye should;
 The pillared props of growing time,
 Supporting solid goo.l.
 Tread the far forest climb
 The sloping hill wayside;
 And feel your spirits l ing their chime
 Of gladness tar and wide’
 Where'er your footsteps tend,
 Where’er your feelings flow,
 Be man and brother to the end—
 Compassionate the low!
 Curb anger, pride and hate;
 lan Love tlie watchword Ike;
 Then w ill your hearts lie truly great,
 (Jod-puriiieJ mid free!
 MUSIC EVERYWHERE.
 There is music in the ocean,
 There is tt isic wild a id grau 1,
 With its s r ;cs aye in motion,
 Breaking fiercely o’er tlie land:
 Swept by breezes soft and vernal,
 Lashed l&gt;y teinjiests Ixild and free,
 There is melody eternal
 In the deep and mighty sea.
 There is music in the mountains,
 In the immemorial hills,
 From the depths of silver fountain*,
 From the beds of stinbright rills,
 From the loud-vrfired, raiu-svvelled river,
 W hose will stream tin: valley fills,
 Seaward rushing, tameless ever;
 There is music in the hills.
 There is music in die thunder,
 There is music deep to hear,
 When the dun clouds leap asunder,
 Awl tlie lightuing* blue apficar,-
 hen the startled sleepers waken,
 And the abject sinners kneel,
 When the dome of ajr is sliakeu,—
 There i» music in the peal.
 There i&gt; music in the forest,
 W lien the mighty trees are stirred,
 B&gt; l!le north wind, foe the sorest
 I o the eartll-fed beast anti bird
 When tin* oak its strength is fording,
 When thejiine-tree» daik and tall
 To and fry* are madly reeling,—
 There i» music in them all.
 A WORLD OF LOVE AT HOME.
 K V J. J. Rl.l VOI D*.
 Tlie earth hath treasure.- fair and Iwiglit,
 Deep buried in her caves,
 An 1 ocean liid- tli many a gem,
 With hi* blue curling wuvi
 Yet not with l»er I*-soul dark,
 Or ’neatli the dashing foam,
 I.ic* there a treasure equalling
 A world of love at home.
 True striding happi’ie** and joy
 Are oof with gol.l allied;
 Nor can it yield a pleasure like
 A merry firesi !c.
 I envy not the man who dwell*
 In stately ball or dome,
 If, ’mid Id* epli-mlor In- ha* not
 A work] of love at twine.
 Tin* friend* Iwm time hath provad sitiecrr,
 ’Tin they alum- can bi ing
 A »ure relief to hearts licit droop
 ’Neath aorrow’s hcaiy wing.
 Though care ai«J trouble may be mine,
 As down life’s pa lit f resin;
 I'll iw-ed them not wink still I hare
 A world ufkllr at home.
Selections.
From tbe Examiner.
 LOUIS PHILIPPE.*
 It ia not a light joy, suclr as can ex
 press itself in vain talk, tn blaster,
 mockery! sad “tretneudoa* cheers;”
 it as a stern, almost sacred, joy, that
 the late news from Paris excite in ear
 nest men. For a long, melancholy
 series of years past, there has been
 no event at all to excite in earnest
 inch much other than weariness and
 disgust. To France, least of all, had
 we been looking of late for tidings
 that could elevate and cheer us. Nor
 is the present terrible occurrence pro
 perly great or joyful, as we say; it is
 very sad rather—sad as death and hu
 man misery and sin—yet with a radi
 snee in it like that v of stars, sternly
 beautiful, symbolic of immortality and
 eternity!
 Sophist Guizot, sham-king Louis
 Philippe, and the host of quacks, ol
 j obscene spectral nightmares, undei
 which France lay writhing, are fled.—
 Burst are the stony jaws of that en
 chanted accursed living tomb; rent
 suddenly are the leaden wrappages
 and cerements; from amid the noisoint
 claiixn and darkness of tbc grave
 bursts forth, thunder-clad, a soul thai
 was not dead, that cannot die! Cou
 rage! the righteous gods do still ruU
 this earth. A divine Nemesis, holder
 from the base and foolish,known always
 to the w ise noble, tracks unerringly th&lt;
 footsteps of the evil-doer, who is na
 ture’s own enemy, anti the enemy o
 her eternal laws, whom she canno
 pardon. Him no force of policy 01
 most dexterous contrivance and vul
 pine energy and faculty, will save
 into his own pit he, at last, does as
 i suredly fall—sometimes, as now, in the
 sight and to the wonder of all inen.
 Alas, that any king or man shoul'
 need to have this oldest truth, oldei
 than the world itself, made new to hiu
 again, and asserted to be no fable oi
 1 hearsay, but a very truth and fact, ir
 th is frightful manner! To the Freud
 nation and their kings it has been verj
 impressively taught, under many forms
 by most expensive courses of experi
 inent, fur sixty years back; and they
 it appears, and we, still require nev
 lessons upon it.
 Very sad on all sides! Here is i
 man of much talent, of manifold expe
 rience in all provinces of life, accept
 J ing the supreme post among his fellow
 I men, and deliberately, with stedfas
 persistence, for seventeen years, at
 tempting bis high task there, not in the
 name of God, as we may say, but o
 j the enemy of God! On the vulpim
 i capabilities alone had Louis Philippe
 any reliance; not by appealing, with
 i courageous energy and patience, to
 whatever was good, and genuine, and
 worthy round him (which existed too.
 though wide scattered, and in modest
 seclusion, rather than flagrant on the
 housetops); not by heroic appeal to
 this, but by easy appeal to what was
 bad, and false, and sordid, and to thai
 only,, has he endeavored to reign
 What noble thing achieved Ivy him s wha
 noble man called forth into beneticen
 activity by him, can Louis Philippi
 look back upon? None. His manage
 merit has been a cunningly-deviset
 system of iniquity in all its bases
 shapes. Bribery has flourished; scan
 dalous corruption, till the air was tliicl
 with it, and the heart of men sick
 Paltry rhetoricians and parliamentary
 tongue-fencers mean jobbers, in
 triguers; every scrviceablest form, o
 human, greed and. low-inindedncss, ha&lt;
 this source of honor patronized
 For the poor French people, who b\
 their blood and agony bore him to tha
 high place, uliat did he accomplish:
 Penal repression into silence;, tliat
 and too literally nothing more. Tt
 arm the sordid cupidities of ne clas:
 against the bitter unreasonable neces
 i sities of the other, and to leave it so—
 lie saw no other method. His positior
 was indeed difficult; but he shoulc
 have called for help from above, noi
 from below!
 Alas, in his wide roamings through
 the world—and few have had a widei
 ramble than this man—he had failed tc
 discover the secret of the world, aftei
 all. If this universe be indeed a huge
 swindle? In that case, supreme swin
 dler will mean sovereign ruler; in thai
 case—but not in the other Pool
 Louis Philippe! his Spanish marriages
 luid just prospered with him, to the
 j disgust of all honorable hearts; in his
 Spanish marriages he felt that he had
 at length achieved the topstone which
 consolidated all, and made the Louis
 i Philippe system, cemented by such
 bribery-mortar, bound by such diplo
 i mutic tie-beams, a miracle of architec
 ture, when the solid earth, impatient ol
 such edifice, gave way, and the Eu
 mcnides rose, and all was blazing in
 surrection and delirium; and Louis
 I Philippe “drove off in a brougham,”
 or coucon street cab, through the
 barrier of Pussy,”— towards night and
 an avenging doom. Egalite Fils, after
 a long, painful life-voyage, has ended
 jno better than Egalite Pere did. It is
 I a tragedy equal to that of the sons ol
 At reus.
 Louis Philippe one could pity, as
 well as blame, were not all one’s pity
 concentrated upon the millions who
 have sutfered bv his sins. On the
 French people’s side, too, is it not tra
 gical? These wild men in blouses,
 with their faces and their hearts all
 blazing in celrstial and infernal light
 ning, with their barricades up, and
 their lusils in their hands—they arc
 now the grand*on» of the Bastillers of
 \SD and the Scjiteuiberors of the
 fathers fought in H JO; they, in IhlB,
 are still fighting. To the third gener
 ation it has been bequeathed bv the
 second and the first; by the third* gen
 eration, the immense problem still to
 solve, is not d&lt;/ertcd, is duly taken up.
 They nlso protest, with their heart’s
 blood, against a universe of lies; and
 say, audible, as with the voice of whirl
 winds, In the name of all the gods,
 we will not have it so! YVe will die]
 rather; we and our sons and grand
 sons, ns our fathers and grandfathers
 have d ne. Take thought of it, there
 fore, w hat our first mean; for y«ur own
 Tl*. rwuler will xwoH foil t&lt;* &lt;fotcrt,in iiu&gt;
 ab-'Ve aitirfo, th- *tjli .a*i It lie.
 iksi* ol Tli-jtaii- Carlyle*
sake and ours taka thought, and dia*
 cover it, and accomplish it r for accoro
 plisbed it shall and must be. and peace
 or rest is not in the world tilt then!'” j
 The throne was carried oa* by
 transcendent French Steeolulimm did
 armed men in blouses, was Awgged
 along the streets, and at length smash e«T
 into small pieces,’* say the journals.
 Into small pieces: let it b« elaborately
 broken, pains be taken that of it there
 remain nothing. Begone, thou
 wretched upholstery phantasm; des
 cend thou to the abysses, to the cess
 pools, spumed of all men;, thou art not
 the thing we required to heal us of oar
 unbearable miseries; not thou—it must
 ibe something other than thou!’ r So
 ends the Throne of the Barricades;”
 j and so it right well deserved to end. j
 I Thrones founded on iniquity, on hypo-
 crisy, and the appeal to human base-'
 "i ne**, cannot end otherwise.
 When Napoleon, the armed Soldier
 of Democracy, as he has been called,
 who at one time had discerned well
 that lies were unbelievable—that n«-
 tions and persons ought to strip them
 selves of lies—that it was better even
 to go hare than clothed with curses,”
 by way of garment —when Napoleon,
 drunk with more victory than he could
 5 carry, was abost deserting this true
 faith, and attaching himself to Popes
 and Kaisers, and other entities of the
 t chimerical kind—and in particular, had
 made an immense explosion of rnagni
 ficence at Notre-Dainc, to celebrate
 i his Concordat the cow-pox of rcli
 gion,” la vaccine de la religion, as he
 i j himself privately named it), he said to
 -j Angerau, the fencing-master who had
 f; become field-marshal, Is it not mag
 t nificcnt?” “Yes, very much so,”
 r answered Angerau: “to complete it
 there wanted only some shadow of the
 half million of men who have been shot
 dead to put an end to all that.”
 “All fictions are now ended,” says
 M. Lamartine, at the Hotel de Ville.
 I I May the gods grant it! Something
 r other and better, for the French and
 11 for us, might then try, were it but afar
 r j off, to begin!
 i j
 j From the Nonconformist.
 j There are some men in the w orld
 who arc for ever skulking about the
 corners and sneaking in and out of the
 back doors of the social edifice. In
 stead of dealing honestly with their
 fellow-men, they prefer to perform here
 1 1 an artful dodge au4 there w clever
 _ trick. To circumvent and delude is
 _ with them the business of life; and to
 _j overreach others in fheir dealings is
 t j the great end of all their calculations.
 _ i These men sometimes grow rich and
 retire with a self-satisfied air, and a
 p sneer of contempt for those who hwe
 i been their victims; they are, however,
 generally detected, either in some overt
 act of dishonesty, when their career is
 suddenly cut short by the strong arm
 I of the law; or in some deed not strictly
 illegal, but sufficiently bad to proclaim
 them to the world as sharpers, and in
 this case society lays its broad hand
 upon them, and says, Let them go.”
 Louis Philippe is an eminent specimen
 t of the latter class. From the com
 mencement of his reign his has been
 an essentially back-door policy. A
 t petty larceny hero, he has been dis-
 J tinguished by the tide of the Napoleon
 Ijof Peace.” A thiinblerigg politician,
 jj he has acquired a character for great
 t sagacity and acuteness. A selfish and
 unscrupulous man, he has been exalted
 as indefatigable in die pursuit of his
 family’s welfare.
 During his Majesty’s sudden flight,
 J he is alarmed by the sudden appear
 j- ance of six men on horseback, whom
 J he immediately sets down for pursuers,
 1 and rushing into a house, hides himself
 1 behind a stove. His experience, how
 l; ever, in this instance, appears to have
 been the reverse of honest John Gil
 pin’s, who was taken, by six gentlemen
 j for a rogue, whereas the six who now
 appeared took a rogue for an honest
 man.
 Having escaped from the six men on
 j horseback, die ex-king took the first
 j opportunity to disguise himself
 F ally. It is said, he shaved off his
 j beard, discarded hi 3 wig, and putting
 on an old cap and cloak, defied the
 J recognition of his best friends. A Ur
 rible transformation truly, from a
 J crowned king to a shorn and beardless
 masquerader from an all-powerful
 despot to a shorn and frightened run
 t away. We should pity the old man, in
 J such a sad reverse of fortune, but for
 one simple fact which robs us at once
 i ol* our pity and our gravity—namely,
 that while he was taking so much pains
 I I to escape, nobody was thinking of pur
 suit; we verily believe he was as safe
 in France as he is now in England;
 t having pronounced the blighting sen
 tence. “Let him go,” hi* countrymen
 thought hut little of him, and bad some
 p, tiling else to do than to interfere with
 his flight.
 I At last, Louis Philippe arrives in
 England—he is landed at Newhaven in
 a small boat—and disembarking, he
 ’exclaims with rapture, “Thunk God, I
 am cn British ground!” Yes! eighteen
 years ago, he bad started from Eng
 land on a mission grander than which
 it would be difficult to imagine one,
 to sustain tiie infant energies of a free
 constitution, and to uphold the glorious
 principles of liberty—to restore to a
 great uation her despoiled birthright,
 and confirm his fellow-citizens in their
 resistance to injustice and oppression—
 to lead on a gallant people to victory
 over error, and build up the glorious
 edifice of freedom on the ruins of des
 t pot ism and cruelty. Now' he returns,
 branded by all honest men as the be
 trayer of his country —leaving that
 country in a state of anarchy and
 bloodshed, brought about by bis mis
 rule. Without an effort to stem the
 torrent, without a pang, except for his
 own danger, he has tied, and stepping
 on a foreign shore, thauks God that he
 has arrived in safety!
 ___
 Thisti.f.s, though noxious things in
 themselves, are usually signs of an ex-*
 cellcnt ground whereon they grow; so
 though it be a weakness
 and betrayer of the inind, is yet gener
 ally an argtimeat of a soul ingenuously
 and virtuously inclined,
 i
 —-r- i.— j
 Sc? 1 In a sound Sleep tbe soul goes
 hr.mc to recruit her strength, which
 could not else endure the w ear and tear j
 of life.— Richter.
THE FRENCH PROTISIOKAL
 GOVERNMENT.
 The following sketches of the mem
 bers of tbe new Provisional Govern
 ment have been complied from various
 authentic surces. Of their character,
 as a whole, the well-informed corres
 pondent of tbe Patriot author of
 France,” Sec., says:—-
 The Provisional Governmcn (I do
 not inclode the four secretaries) is com
 posed of gentlemen as upright, as hu
 mane, and as talented, as any country
 can boast of. None of them (and 1
 know thenvaU) will permit or overlook
 any excess; but they are without pow
 er to resist the armed population; and
 fhc only means by which they can main
 tain it in a quiet state is to yield to their
 I demands.”
 m. otrroftT (de l’eure),
 1 The President of the Council, is now in
 his 81st year, and though there have
 been many abler and more successful
 men, still we doubt if there be a sin
 cerer, a more straightforward, and an
 j honester deputy in all France. In the
 jyear ’B, he was a member of theCoun
 cil of 500; in 1811 lie was the President
 I of the Court of Rouen; in ISIJ he was
 President of the Corps Legislatif; in
 1815 he proposed the famous Declara
 tion, in which tbe rights of citizens were
 reserved; and in 1830 he was appoint
 ed Minister of Justice. There is noth
 f ing in the antecedents of such a venera
 ble magistrate calculated to excite a
 i larm in IF ranee or out of it. His ap
 pointment derives its significancy from
 being a personal protest against Mar
 shal Bugcaud. He is moreover highly
 esteemed for his virtues by the French
 1 people. At the elections of 1842, M.
 Dupont, indignant at seeing the depu
 -1 tics of the Eure servilely voting in fa
 vor of the execrated Guizot ministry,
 contested four colleges of that depart
 ment simultaneously; he was elected
 in all four, and chose Evreux. The
 votes of M. Dupont need not be pointed
 out;, lie invariably voted against the
 corrupt and dishonest administration
 which has fallen w ith the King, its pro
 tector. Dupont de l’Eurc (says the
 Patriot correspondent) is likely to be
 raised to the highest rank in the lle
 i public, just half a century after his in
 trepid resistance to General Bonaparte,
 on the 18th of Bruruairo fOfctobcr 7,
 11798).
 M.ARAGO,
 Is one of the first savansin France, and
 his reputation as an orator is scarcely
 i less brilliant. He was born in 178 l»,
 and is perpetual Secretary of the Aca
 demy of Science, member of the oftice
 j of longitudes, and the most illustrious
 scientific man of the age. In politics,
 M. Arago is an excellent patriot, a
 sworn enemy of privileges and monopo
 ly, and an ardent defender of the rights
 of the people. He voted against the
 j Pritchard indemnity bill, and has ever
 supported all the measures of the
 j Gauche, although he goes much further,
 and belongs to the extreme Gauche.
 He is now Provisional Minister of Ma
 rine. Though of extreme opinions, he
 is yet temperate in the expression ol
 them, and a man of moderate character.
 He w as present at the meeting of the
 i British Association here in 1834, and
 attended the Grey dinner. Many
 i (says the Scotsman) will yet remember
 the tall athletic gentleman of command
 ing presence, who mado a speech in
 clear sonorous French in reply to Lord
 Brougham, when the latter proposed
 his health as one of the most illustri
 ous and successful cultivators of science
 .now in the world.’ The compliment
 was not too high, for in general phys
 j ic, Arago has certainly no superior at
 the present day. Moreover, he receiv
 ed tlie freedom of our city from the
 town council; and this is probably the
 first time that the burgess of Edinburgh
 has unmade a dynasty, or founded a
 Republic, in one ot the greatest states
 of the world.”
 I
 M. DE LAMARTINE,
 The Minister of Foreign Atfairs, is as
 famous in the republic of letters as his
 colleague, M. Arago, in the department
 of science. He represents Macon, and
 his political opinions have been freely
 and copiously expressed in his newspa
 per, Lt Bien Public, published in that
 town. He is everywhere a poet, even
 at the tribune. Like all poets, howev
 er, he is rather fickle and inconstant,
 but the elevation of his soul secures
 him against the greatest dangers of ver
 satility. M. de Lamartine for a length
 of time occupied a very undecided po
 sition in the Chamber, but he eventual
 ly ranged himself on the side of the Op
 position. The day on which he an
 nounced his intention of joining the
 camp of the Gauche was as gloomy an
 one for the Ministry as the memorable
 desertion of the Treasury bench of the
 English House of Commons by the
 great Burke. From that period M. de
 Lamartine took a decided part in favor
 I of progressive reform, and ridiculed
 the Guizot Cabinet as the Ministry of
 “limitations.” He voted against the
 Pritchard indemnity, and was prized by
 the Opposition as an invaluable acquisi
 tion. M.de Lamartine is now in his 58th
 year, and b.ing a gentleman of birth
 and fortune, has thus given hostages
 for the moderation of his conduct.—
 Though renowned in Europe as a poet,
 orator, author and public writer, it is
 not so w ell known to the public that
 more than 30 years ago the deputy for:
 Macon served his apprenticeship as a I
 diplomatist, and was named Minister
 Plenipotentiary by Charles X. in 1820
 or 1830. His travels in the Holy Land,
 and his Poetical Meditations, have been
 exceedingly popular, and his recent
 publication, the History of the Giron
 dins, has produced an immense sensa-
 tion in France, not only by the bril
 liant and animated pictures it presents
 ot the terribly dramatic scenes of the
 first revolution, but by the strong 4Vid
 unexpected republican bias which it be
 trays. A very interesting analysis of
 the work is given in in the Edinburgh
 Review for January last. The Elec
 tric Review for the present month, in
 review ing this volume, says of the au- i
 thor;—
 The right of tbe people to freedom
 and Rational independence are held by
 him as paramount to the right of a dy
 nasty to absolute power; and whilst j
 some of the Legitiinathds, faithful to'
 their obsolete creed and to their lumor
 abla affections, stiff proclaim their alle
 giance to their exiled prince; whilst:
 others transfer to a perfidious usurper;
of (he regal and popular right* their]
 mercenary subserviency—M. de Lam
 artine progrewe* in another direction,
 and becomes the champion of the peo
 ple, and of those men so long reriM
 for having sacrificed all in defence of
 the cause of the people.
 No one can impugn his motives.—
 No ooe can attribute to him selfish and
 interested views. It is evident to all
 who know anything of his p4«*ition and
 associations, that, far from being bene
 ficial to his interests, his commendable,
 his courageous impartiality will be bit
 terly resented by most of his former
 friends, and still more perhaps, by the
 Government and its partisans.
 M. CRr.MIF.UX,
 The Provisional Minister of Jforticc
 (deputy forChinon) was a formidable
 opponent of the late Ministry. He ex
 posed all its vices and its weaknesses.
 He demanded, on the discussion of the
 game-laws (originated in the Peers),
 the suppression of the article which ex
 empts the crown lands from the severe
 provisions of that enactment; but al
 though successful in the Deputies, the
 Upper Chamber restored the obnoxious
 clause. M. Cretnieux’s parliamentary
 career has been one of the most impor
 tant and honorable; nnd, in short, he
 was a leading member of the Opposi
 tion. Before 1830, Cremieux was the
 foremost advocate of the bar of Nismes.
 He is a man of wealth and substance,
 and immediately after 183 U ptirenaseo
 ofOdillon Barrot the place of consciller
 a la Cour de Cassation. For the last
 ten years he has been one of the most
 I popular and generally employed of the
 Parisian advocates. M. Cremieux is a
 philanthropist as well as a patriot,
 t He attended, together with his illustri
 ous friend, M. lsatnbert, the Antfc-Sla
 very Convention held in London, in
 June 1840, as a deputation from the
 Paris Society. Gn that occasion he
 1 was introduced to the Convention by
 Dr. Bowring in the following terms:—
 The name of Cremieux can scarcely
 be unknown to you. His history, also,
 is associated with the most interesting
 struggles. He it was, Israelite as lie fo.
 who defended the Protestants of the
 Gard from the persecutions of the fa
 natical Catholics, from 1816 to 1825.
 He it was who, in 1830, defended the
 Minister of Public Instruction, when the
 excited opinion of France would willing
 j ly have conducted him to the scaffold.
 And he it is now who is selected by his
 t brethren to proceed to Damascus to
 t make an appeal in favor of his persecu
 ted brethren.—Proceedings of the Anti
 slavery Convention, p. 162.
 M. LF.DRU ROLLIN',
 The Provisional Minister of the Interior,
 was elected for Mans, rice the late M.
 Gamier Pages. His speech to the
 electors subjected him to a prosecution
 on the part of the Government, and the
 trial of the case produced a great sen
 sation. M. Rollin represents the ultra-
 Radical interest; and has often attack
 ed not only M. Guizot, but also the
 policy of such men as Thiers and Odil
 lon Barrot. He sits on the extreme
 Left, and has defended at the tribune,
 with vigor and talent, the opinions ad
 vocated by La Reforme newspaper.—
 Rollin is also an advocate, a d in his
 47th year. Though a man of extreme
 ly democratic opinions, he is a person
 of good property and ofundoubted pro
 bity and talent. He came on a secret
 I mission from the French democrats to
 j Ireland, when that country was in u dis
 turbed state a few years ago.
 M. CARNOT,
 The new Minister of Public Instruction
 (including the administration of reli
 gious affairs), was born in 1801, and is
 i a son ot the famous conventionalist ol
 that name. He is a devoted partizan
 of democratic ideas, and belongs to the
 extreme Left. He voted against the
 Pritchard indemnity bill, and for M.
 Rernusat's project of Parliamentary re
 form. “He would,” say the authors
 of Biographie des Deputes, writing in
 1846, “support a large and complete
 i reform which would have the effect ot
 1 restoring sincerity to the Government,
 i and all their rights to the citizens.”—
 Hippolite Carnot is one of the members
 j for Paris, and is now in his 47th year,
 j He too was bred as an advocate, but lie
 is now by profession an homme des Id
 tret and editor of the Revue Encyclo
 pedique.
 MARIE,
 One of the members for Paris, is 60
 years of age, and also au advocate by
 profession. After a youth passed in
 laborious struggles, he rose in iB6O to
 the place occupied by the Dupins,
 Mauguins, and Berryers, and has since
 been considered the leading counsel for
 I political causes. His defence for one
 of the conspirators of the Pont des Arts
 i was a masterpiece of cleverness.
 GARNI ER RAGES,
 The Mayor of Paris, was also bred to
 the bar. Though rather a tedious and
 solemn man, yet he is of upright and rc
 i spectable character. He entered the
 j Chamber in 1831, at the age of 30, and
 tis still a young man. He took his sta
 j tiou at first as the advocate of universal
 suffrage, and has maintained his opin
 ions amidst many stormy debates
 without flinching. “The struggle
 which exists (said he, in 1834) is this,
 l that all desire to possess those politi
 cal rights which at present are mo
 nopolized by the bourgeoisie. All con
 ceive that there is no safety (bonheur)
 for them unless they have the power of
 choosing their representatives. It is just
 and wise that the safety of all should
 he coufided to the care ot all.” He
 is not considered a man ot great in
 tellect, and as a speaker he is more dis
 tinguisbed by violence than eloquence.

 Singular Prediction. The Cour
 rier des Fiats Unis, stales that among
 the papers of one of the marshals (since
 deceased) at the celebration of the
 French Revolution in 1840, was found
 a sealed package with the following in
 scription:—** To be opened on occasion
 of the coming revolution in France.”*
 As the event has now taken place, the
 package has been opened and found to
 contain the badges worn by the decease;
 ed at the procession of 1830, with a de-j
 tailed description of the ceremony. On j
 the interior of the wrapper was written:,
 “To serve on osna*ioi» ofthe next revo
 lution in France; which w iU take place
 about the year 1847.” It would have!
 been cfifficult to have made a more just 1
 prediction.
CHEAP POSTAGE
 Sia:—The Boston Committee on Cheap
 Postage have instructed us, as their
 Sub-Committee, to solicit you co-oper
 ation in calling the attention of our
 (ellow-citizcns to tbe movement eu that
 subject.
 YVe trust thxf yot agree with the
 Committee as to the important bearing
 of Cheap Postage, and Free delivery
 of Letters, upon the business, tbe
 rights, and the social enjoyments of tbe
 people at large. We presume, there
 fore, to solicit your aid an public
 grounds.
 But the proposed reform extends to
 an existing regulation in the rejical of
 which all who are connected with the
 newspaper press have a direct interest.
 e refer to the tax of three cents on
 “transient” newspapers, the injurious
 effects ot which it would be difficult to
 estimate. It is presumed that the cir
 culation ol transient papers through the
 Post Office is less by fifty %o one now,
 than under the old rate. A double
 inischict is thus perpetrated. The
 newspaper prsss is crippled by this
 reduction of its income, and the great
 j fund of popular intelligence, of social
 I sympathy and brotherhood, is reduced
 in a still larger proportion.
 W c therefore ask your influence in
 calling public attention within your
 sphere ot action, to the Petition to
 I Congress in (avor of Cheap Postage,
 now about being circulated in your
 vicinity. The following short summary
 ot reasons in favor of our object, may
 suggest hints for its support. Should
 on better data be at hand for that pur
 pose, you will confer a great favor by
 inserting the whole, or any portion ol
 the article in your publication.
 We have the honor to subscribe our
 selves, in behalf of the Boston Com
 mittee.
 Your most obedient servants,
 i JOHN W. JAMES, c
 ELIZUR WRIGHT, j s ub to n
 PETITIONS TO CONGRESS FOR CHEAP
 POSTAGE.
 1 The citizens of Boston are about for
 warding to Washington, their first
 petition in favor of two cent postage.
 This, we understand, will be followed
 i by other petitions, as soon as prepared
 J for that purpose. As it is understood
 that similar petitions are now in circu
 lation in this vicinity for signatures,
 public attention is request! d to some ol
 j the reasons offered in favor of the move
 j ment.
 Cheap postage is a perpetual bene
 faction 1 1° the people. The average
 rate of postage, at present, on all tin
 letters passing though the post office
 amounts to 6 1-4 cents. Those payiiq
 1 this tax to government would save tw&lt;
 1 thirds of it by cheap postage, and, o
 course, could enjoy three times a
 much correspondence as they now do
 "j lor the same money, with the dcliverj
 ■j of their letters into the bargain.
 j 0
 j Cheap postage, therefore, is tru&lt;
 i economy. This view is strengthenet
 and enlarged by higher than pecuniary
 j consideration. Cheap postage not onh
 J multiplies letters, hut it multiplies cor
 j respondents. Within the last twe
 years, under a partial reduction o,
 postage, the number of letters has in
 creased from 25 to 52 millions. And
 j in England, where the reduction has
 been complete, as it should he in the
 i United States, the number of letters has
 i increased four fold and the post office
 I revenue has exceeded, under the penny
 postage system, the annual expenses
 by four millions of dollars. So, too, in
 this country, a slight reduction in the
 rates has increased the income, accor
 ding to the lust report of the Postmaster
 I General, much beyond the expectations
 of the friends of cheap postage.
 The proposed reduction of postage
 would not only lessen the tax of those
 who write often, and thus encourage a
 i corresponding increase in their letters,
 i but it would call a new class of corres
 j pendents into existence among those
 j who can write, hut cannot afford high
 postage, even for a limited corrcspond
 ence; and another class who would he
 incited to cultivate epistolary habits,
 or, if illiterate, even learn to write, it
 impelled by the general practice of ail
 i around them. Thus, by a cheap, and
 of course universally free system of
 i communication, myriads now separated
 i would be brought into correspondence
 with one another, and multiplied inter
 changes of social feelings, and of busi
 ness transactions, would follow, as the
 natural consequence of this postal ap
 proximation, of the national family.
 Facts of unquestioned authenticity
 prove the reasonableness both o f cheap
 and uniform rates of postage. To carry
 a letter from one end of England to the
 other, costs its government hut the .‘kith
 part of a penny—or about one mill.
 And a long distance costs no more than
 a short one. Government pays the
 same for carrying the mail over anv
 given route, whether the mail he full or
 empty.—The postage should be tmi
 fjrm, as well as cheap for other rea
 sons. It makes the law plain to every
 body. This is always a boon to the
 people, as it is always a duty on the
 part of their government.—The internal
 expenses of the post office would be
 materially lessened under one uniform
 ritte. And further, by the proposed
 plan of free delivery the tax on adver
 tised letters would be saved, as well as
 an incalculable amount of time? while
 multiplied delays and disappointments
 would also be remedied. In short, all
 the interests connected with Trade and
 Commerce, of Charily, in her multiplied
 operations,—of literature— of elemen
 tary Education— of the social and ben
 evolent affections generally—as well
 as of the f* rest—of Rohttes of Ref
 —and the duty of diffusing know ledge
 among men—are deeply involved in
 the success of the movement in favor
 of the cheapest, the safest, and the (pack
 'd conveyance of intelligence through
 the port office of a free, enterprising
 and enlightened people.
 P. S. The following is the form of
 Petition to Congress, as adopted by the
 Boston petitioners.
 Petition to Congress ior Cheat
 Postage.
 To the Senate and House off Represen
 tatives of the Vidled fSalcf t at Con
 grrss assembled;
 The undersq jned, Citizens
 chuscfts, respectfully Petition
 to ptummmmtQ establish ittnftAp
rate of Postage, not to exceed one cent
 on Newspapers, and two cents on each
 pre-pa id Leiterof half an ounce, for ail
 distances, and as in duty bound will
 ever pray.
 Boston, March I4th, 1848.
 THE EDUCATION OF THE PHAC.
 TH AI. MAN.
 BY JOHN riERTONT.
 After defining who was the practical
 man in a series of illustrations, Mr.
 Pierpont said, that the best definition of
 Happiness was, the exercise of all our
 faculties for our ow n benefit and that of
 others. “If tbis .be the case,” con
 tinued be, it becomes us to scrutinize
 very closely that great system which
 prevails to such an extent in England,
 and which is fast extending it«»*lf over
 oar own eoantry—l mean the Division
 of Labor. lam jealous of that system
 which chains an immortal soul to ono
 tediows bench; lam jealous of that sys
 tem which binds down the spirit, the
 organs and the intellect of ui*n to on*
 changeless vacuity! 1 know that it is
 argued that by the division of labor,,
 each man becomes more skilled in his
 little branch, that the work tamed out
 is better, and that a manufacturing'
 community grow richer by this system.
 All these things are Irac; bat slnulft
 this system he pushed to its utmost, aw
 is done by England with her manufac
 turing policy, ii man suffers in the con
 flict? 1 was in Manchester, some ycarw
 since. In one of the factories l saw
 young lad hammering up small pieces*
 of tin to fit them fo the ends of stay
 laces. This was his destiny. He cer
 tainly was very dexterous in his work,
 and he could have made six while voir
 or I made one. The lacings were n&lt;»
 doubt better for this division of labor—
 no doubt the owner of the factory made
 more piofit, nnd no doubt the ladies are
 furnished with the article much cheap
 er. But who has to pay for it That
 crook-cd little boy, plying his small
 hammer, and swinging backward and
 forward in his ceaseless work, with the
 regularity and with little more intelli
 gence than a pump-brake or a reed of
 a power-100m —he has to pay for it
 dearly. He knows nothing elso in the
 world, and if his master turns him
 away, he cun only save himself from
 starvation by taking advantage of tho
 Poor Laws of England—thus taking
 his rveenge out of the state, who
 brought him down so low, by its odious
 system of manufacturing policy. My
 soul grew sick to think that the earthly
 destiny of a man was to hammer out
 small hits of tin, made ready to his
 hand, by other wretches like himself
 He who gave the world almost all the
 j civilization it enjoys, once said, Ve
 are of more value than many spar
 rows,” and emphatically exclaimed, ”J*
 i not a man better than a sheep?” May
 we not as emphatically exclaim, in Lit
 j ter soberness, Is not a man better than*
 a silken braid? If it he true, that the
 i greatness of a state is in the virtue, in
 telligence, and physical perfection &lt;&gt;l its
 population, England will at last dis
 cover to her cost, that wliat is had poli
 -1 ey for the people, is had policy for the
 government.” Mr. Pierpont then saki
 that he must not be understood as in
 favor of air individual’s adopting moic
 than one trade, or one professn n. Jm
 meant only, by introducing the subject
 of the division of labor, to show the ah-*
 solute necessity of cultivating all the
 faculties, both mental and physical. He.
 spoke with much earnestness on the
 education of practical women— of how
 much consequence such an education
 was, to her who might be calhul, in
 good time, to preside in her own house
 hold, the proudest kingdom of woman,
 or to give instruction to young ears,who
 who would be ready to receive from
 her lips either good or evil us holy
 truth.
 “The most striking feature,” con
 tinued the lecturer, “of flic present
 nge, is its practical tendency. We arc
 not superior to the ancients in skill, hut
 in the application of new* agents. It is
 computed that the cost to Egypt of the
 great pyramid of Ghiza, was the labor
 of 200,000 men for 20 years. Some
 fifteen years ago, a calculation was,aJ*o
 made in England that the steam engines
 then in use would do the tame [work in
 24 hours. The poet says:
 Ve annihilate U.tli time ami spare,
 Aral make t\\&lt;&gt; lovers happy!’
 The broad Atlantic is already
 alyunk into a streamlet by the prcssuic
 ot stream—the news of the taking of
 Bey rout travelled 5,060 miles in 23
 days, and lovers need not now ‘go
 hang themselves,* for time and space
 really seem to be on the verge of an
 nihilation!” Mr. Pierpont then spoke
 of Fulton and Franklin, and of the won
 derful effects ot the several agents
 which they have discovered. He spoke
 also of the superior skill of the an
 cients in the fine arts, describing the
 Parthenon of Athens, and the antique
 cameos and gerns. He concluded with
 an cnlogiuin of the human hand, tho
 most delicate and w underfill of all earth
 ly machines, and w hich nothing of rnor-.
 tal make has ever quailed. u Tlia
 manufacturers of Sheffn Id, said he,
 have never invtntcda machine which
 can cut a file at all equal to those cal
 by hand, and to thus day, cotton is spun
 finer by the fingers of the Hindoo
 girls, than by auy ol the costly ma
 chinery of Manchester. Cotton thread,
 has been spun so fine in England, that
 3:*o banks, of 880 yards each, weight d
 but a single p- und. The thread was
 hut l-18)of an inch in diameter. This
 ira* accomplished by a machine, and
 the |&gt;ouml of cotton so spun, would
 reach Kis miles. Bui mark the differ
 ence. A thread was produced of Min
 doo finger work, which measured only
 I-1000 of an inch in diameter, and o*f
 which one pound would extend t74U
 miles. The lecturer gave his authority
 for the above, and finished his lecture
 with an exhorttttioii to the members of
 tbe association to cultivate all their
 faculties, if possible, if they desired
 happiness and respectability.
 Dr Fraukliu said “when I see a h«»u&gt;o
 well furnished with books and news
 papers, there I see intelligent and well
 informed children; but if there are no
 books or papers,the children arc igno
 rant,if not profligate.”
 A slip of the foot you may soon re
 cover; but a slip of the tongue you can
 never get over.
