Poetro.
Kro» TWiH*. Jownal.
 farewell to khkdbuick nnrcLtM
 M k •mihdfrmm .Urrin Apnl 4,1847
 ILWr. U «W, Fn*Wa &amp;A* m!
 7 iwr'M thj tuWKwfofWfcrty.
 V: I*W (mat dwelt M m Ao«| dwell rlrt,
 P i Mrh the erwl *t-pdr»m Mx&gt; I-vtainnd wilt,
 l 4V *«e tby birthright •ft fpm an.l Hni»,
 N &gt;r g ante I tlrur, wcurr, to tread her shore*,
 fa paid a paltry cum of gold,
 I«i rtamp *li» patent i»f nobility
 Which liod’. own hand hal set upon thy limn *_
 Farewell* Th «Trt armed with a rid. ,*mnoply
 *y n;«i!»y a I love from English heart.,
 Vn I prayer* that rise to heaven in thy behalf
 fHo wih darts of tcorn,
 A.row from King lip,, wen pm, 7
 r.«f w,?i a „*j| ,i,ee. Nobly lhou wi|(
 T ti,r hc **v injnrcl race,
 Am,, f with the ChriaW, weapon.,f-ak a*!!*,*,
 •Forth, onr Fr.cn lan t Brother! Cry Aw I
 A i w .oi a mice America mn*r hear,
 1 b&lt; r hrr hag* iniquity,
 V, ln 1 fnr loot *hn UoU J wiekH,^,
 Hrenk every *i*e,
 ,,U m kocp her fast,,
 4 P«‘T and holy prayer.
 rWlf ,rt U P**-'ph-, for the Irml
 Lu «aod lime, he glwilied;
 I &gt;ev iJj.i delight H in their cril way,,
 r r V o!,t fr*™ W'n that set thrir feet
 ~cck ai 1 kl.-wphemc.l dv* aa m
 bic Meet High, to mvnr oVr their *i n;
 f T r 1 11 ~n ,hoj *kcir shame
 U ,l,w jU«
 1 Ihe oft a ted naii.me._.s t j,| hope on,
 yor hr.,t ,n M yet luh.lue |,i. caeanoe!
 f r,li V Uy i ,hr «lit Chrome .0.,d,
 E .rj „f Life i, rieen!” He died to «re
 _ WrtrlJ f,, it* inkptity; l.c row,
 I' in &lt;urc prnnpecf of imm „i.,| life,
 vllf l&gt; Civ in *pirit. Come tlic day,
 Mhm a pore li v ht .lull beam th y rare,
 I. fro r. tin iiM„ Saviour; ,l*. Sun
 R -,'hV e!«JI mak b'rir Jn,, n dain,
 A' .nn, with heart* fail of joy u I tlttnkfdnc*,
 vv n,' th.'ir they *lial| joi„
 I lie itwrtil link, of .Nature'* holy tie*,
 A 1 i MMe th- IdiM of liearen, while vet on earth!
 I*' 1, ,b l, and may the gift*,
 fl ,r fwh altjf|iM»ac4» f
 A 1 IV, ,t, trn ,l if*.l lm;ut, n-tno,OnracM aenl
 1 ra c ool, anj (Kiticnt triirt
 K ,ui I k,vi 'T •&gt;(irutii and h»re,
 l l aiu 3 hrl OJ; i*ii*g!—Thu*, farewell'
 HKisrui., IS 17. AI r
 T.r.. n.Ev&lt;i\T sraixo has come.
 ki ist »f r. vHKp.m,,
 Tne plea*a,.t Spring |,wr come again,
 Iu voice is in tJic tree*,
 I ''peak, fio.u every sunny gle.i,
 It ri le* upon the hreeze!
 The nrnttcre I floek* are lowing
 Rv' .’tll each shady tree,
 The g ntle win I* are blowing;
 O.j, conn, rejoice with me!
 I
 Tlic pi-. ic.'it Spring ha. come again,
 I he ir the river’* roar,
 I- sparkle, foam*, 5l:1 1 foaj,*. as when
 An *u:n ner *kiif it bare!
 S n AVintcr*. chain is rcntle l,
 I’ll!* e tshiiig foil it* arc free,
 A 1 1 with water blcn led,
 i. dancing o’er the ac-.i!
 I
 I In ph* i*ti{ Spri lg has conn again,
 Ail nature’* heart is g|,,d f
 'I n ißoaatain* ri.s like giant n.en,
 An I smile with beauty elarl;
 J he pretty (lowers arc springing
 In every greenwood shade,
 1 i ir perfiai round them flinging,
 -As sweet as Eden made.
 T .o pleasant Spring has come again,
 I nt? pi inghnnu** song* arise,
 AV ad; woodland cell k mock, and then
 I hr thrilling Cadence dies,
 r.u merry bird.* are singing,
 Atnr the miisir flouts,
 A n I every vale i* ringing
 Al ita salt and mellow note*.
 T h |il »*ant Spring has come again,
 It* Voice i* in ||,c tie:-*,
 It »p ak* from every sunny glen,
 It ri !es npoa the hreeze!
 f.i" pretty ll iwer. are springing, 1
 The gushing f«i it* are free,
 1 he in Try bird* are singing;
 E-t alt rej &gt;ice with me!
 MrjIIT MAKES RIOIIT.
 A sparrow, perclie.l iijkiu a I tough, I
 Spin I a po »r lieetle ere-p Udow
 Ai I picked it up. “Oh, spare me, spare!”
 In iiM- ct prayed; but vain it* prayer. f
 rc,rl,! cri&lt; s ,hc h'ar.lener, hold thy tongue,
 r &lt;r tli.-u art weak, aa I 1 am strong.”
 A hawk hehe!l him, and in haste,
 Sharpen. Ills beak Ihr a repast,
 Al l pounces him. Oh!”
 I.vl.ii u* t!ie sjiarrow, L-t inn gv!”
 AA i trh!” cries the uinderer, hold Uiy tongue,
 I oi l.iou art weak an 1 I am strong.”
 1 n* hawk was mu r.'!iiiig 4 np*liis |&gt;r:'v,
 AA lien a »tout eagle steered that way,
 A. l l seize I upon him. Saa-, comrade,
 A oil’ll spare uiy life—vvu’re both a tra lc!”
 AV retch!” cries the muniercr, hoi I thy tongue,
 oi tliou art weak and I am strong.”
 A spirt* nvi saw the ragl? fly,
 IE i!i it, an 1 br wight him from the sky;
 Th" &lt;lv i Ig bir I cowl 1 a il, gwan,
 ryra rt! wlut evil hare I don-?”
 r tea’” c.h th.; m irderer, “li &gt;IJ Uiy toagu-,
 l or to iu ai t weak an I I am strong.”
 Ti* til l* that min to man Isdiavc*;
 AA itn*.* th.* pi inter an I hi* slaves.
 I i* tu t* that state oppresses state,
 A t I i ifa it free |.j u meet, iu (ale. J
 I’roin the lJail, f wirier.'
 TIE LAND OF MV HOME.
 I\»4S m »»uli »!»t—the sh t low* of night had ilc*.
 ceuded.
 An 1 the? star* dimly show ed the abide of die blest,
 An i fancy had wandered from regious uuti iewde t
 To the plo-;e witnre the spirit is ever at rest.
 A* sleep stole nn sr.ues, a vision came o'er inr,
 ’lw i« a visi »i of day, an lof li.tppine»a flown,
 Ai! s-cji I with a mini; all those joy* ton**torr me.
 Al l b tre in* a»va-. to the linlof my li hit*.
 I again saw tin." m -a.dow r so fwi.llv rejirde l,
 A A nere i rove I whe.i rm b*art was a stranger to
 •■arc,
 A 1 every dear o!je.~t oiy in.-ai try rc«orJ&lt;* I
 To* ro,- il l I th; willow were still fmwiog ibere.
 If» -v !&gt;il, a 1 1 I &gt;rely th? lily was growing,
 »y the loro is. when 1 often Iwvc wan.kned al »uc,
 A* it h.*ul o’er the sUvaui which was playfully llo«*
 Aid sight? It the breeze in thr land of my h mw.
 I n v *iw Cu- frieads of my eliil fli snl a trancing,
 I'uv*.; ji) iu r .pa ii so* I ok.-.? hr 11 *o dear;
 T.. y w-e.u i to tie* akaioJ of »su marry Uior
 dancing,
 A, th; u itof (he vi ilia siole mi my car.
 AVrhl r*;***""; I h-tuu- I—Uw music wa# eUarmiitg,
 A* .vnrily it *w II -J to a Iwart-ltn illiitg lone,
 Ta n th? birJ* tbit wen? .ingiug n* liw ilny was
 ‘km
 o.v» -i In a• f&lt;&lt;? n r l*u 1 «-f &gt;o. Ir.nir.
0 flections.
iT HO'.
 Fran ib* V* York Gssctte awl Tim.
 LORD BROUGH A M.
 nr XV AMERICA* 151 fc* GLAXO. i
 Wandering about the House of Lord
 t in an easy, careless and familiar man
 nrr, at one time approaching the ba
 and talking over the rail to some visi
 ters—again seen taking a friendly cha
 with the Lord Chancellor on the woo
 sack, and sharing a seat with him then
 now on one bench with a group o
 members about him—and a few minutn
 after on another bench with an entirelj
 different group, may be seen a plain
 j Clumsy looking man, both in drew
 and person, about sixty-five years o
 age, with long face subjected to
 nervous twitching, a nose inclined t&lt;
 turn up, large and looking as if it hat
 been abruptly cut otf at the end—hii
 hair coarse and thick, and grizzly brown
 growing far down on his forehead am
 carelessly rubbed down as smoothly aj
 such hair will admit. One shoulder t
 little depressed and a side way move
 ment in walking.
 I no sooner put my eye on him that
 I enquired of a gentleman standing
 near if that was Lord Brougham. Hat
 i been standing at poet’s comer anc
 1 asked the same stranger if the structure
 about me was Westminster Abbey’
 I could not have excited his surprise
 more.
 Certainly sir!” was his reply, anc
 1 looked at me enquiringly or wonderful
 ly, as if doubting there could be an\
 man living who stood in nerd ofthe in
 formation I asked.—There is something
 so entirely sui generis” in the ap
 pearance and manner of this “learned
 Lord,” as he is termed iu debate, that
 no one who has seen Punch” and
 i other Caricatures whose sketches show
 up the odd outlines of his Lordship’t
 head and face could for one moment
 hesitate in selecting him out at first
 sight.
 He speaks on almost every subject
 that conics up—and his voice and ma
 nor are as peculiar as his appearance.
 Whilst speaking he has the habit of
 I pressing his elbows to his side and turn
 -1 ing the palms of his hands upward—
 suys what he has to say in rather
 a crack’d and husky voice, and
 keeps up a constant jerking and sway
 ing his head, and shrugging his should
 ers, and indicating by his general man
 ner that the subject matter as well as
 the entire circle about him arc equally
 at “his fingers’ends,”—seldom fails to
 raise a laugh in one quarter at the ex
 pense of another he is said to be al
 most incapable of letting an opportunity
 slip by unheeded which admits of a
 crack at some opponent. Among the
 numerous anecdotes of this nature, re
 lated of him, I will here state one illus
 trative of his temper and manner.
 It occurred at the time Mr. Webster
 was last in Fngland, and at a period
 when the then Ministry stood in a totter
 ing position and were expected every
 hour to throw up their hands and give
 place to others. Lord Brougham ac
 companied Mr. Webster one evening
 to the House of Lords and placed him
 in rather a conspicuous position, and
 wending his way among the members,
 chatting to one and another, and evi
 dently letting them know that a distin
 guished visiter was present, for those
 he spoke to would turn and take a look
 at “our Senator.” Shortly after a
 member rose and asked the postpone
 ment of some resolutions which had
 been marked down for discussion that
 evening, and in the course of his re
 quest expressed a hope that it would
 meet the approbation and assent of the
 “learned Lord.” Whereupon Lord
 8., nodded assent; this done, another
 similar request was made by another!
 member in regard to another resolution, j
 and also hoping it would meet the assent I
 ofthe “learnedLord,” —this drew from!
 him a like assent, with an extra nerv-j
 ous twitch of his nose and check. And!
 strange to say, a third similar request
 followed, with an equally special hope 1
 that it would also meet the assent of the
 “learned Lord;” whereupon his Lord
 ship rose, and taking his peculiar ntti
 tude, remarked that when he came down
 to the House that evening, he did not i
 suppose that so much honor and per
 sonal distinction awaited him—that he
 had scarcely got his seat, before one
 noble Lord made a direct appeal to'
 him for his assent to the postponement
 of one question, and this followed by a
 second appeal from another noble Lord,
 and now again comes a third, equally
 looking to his special acquiescence—
 Why, me Luds, this is strange, in- 1
 deed; aud not less embarrassing to me.
 Should any distinguished stranger be
 now present, (and here he turned and
 looked toward Mr. Webster, and near-'
 ly every head turned instinctively in
 that direction also,) I say, me Luds, if
 any distinguished stranger were here,
 present, he would really be led to sup-1
 pose that I was a man of some conse
 quence here—when it is well known to
 your Ludships that I have at this pres
 ent moment no more weight or influ
 ence in this House, than (here he
 paused, and looked over the table that l
 separated him from the Ministerial:
 bench, and making a bow in that direc-j
 tion,) than anv of His Majesty’s Minis
 ters.”
 This, of course, brought a general
 chuckle, in which the Ministers them
 selves could scarcely refrain from join
 ing—though probably not so joyously.
 After describing, as I have attempt
 ed to describe, the |&gt;crsnnal appear
 ance of this distinguished man—it might
 be deemed discourteous to trace a re
 semblance to any distinguished person
 at home—and yet there arc handsome
 and ugly likenesses traceable between
 individuals.
 If the Hon. C. J. Ingersoll of Penn
 sylvania, wore his hair less closely cut
 and its color was a shade or two lighter,
 his resemblance to Lord Brougham
 would be very marked—he has, I think,
 a decided advantage over his Lordship,
 as well in jiersonal beauty as intellect
 uality ofexpression. There nre vari
 ous features in the House of Lords
 during the session of peers, that give
 an air of dignity to it, but take away
 the lawn sleeves and ample clerical
 dress of the Bishops, remove the big
 wig and gowm of the Lord Chancellor,
 cut off the associations that w ill instinc
 tively gather around men who are there,
 and whose as well iu the field as
m tba aahmet, bavq ape*- amid
 •ccue» and events of attrsinf interests,
 forget that within that narrow compass
 are gathered the noblest sad best blood
 of Eaclaod, in a word* atrip swap all
 titles earned by merit or inherited by
 accident, and look it and listen to
 them as a body of men assembled to
 i get her to legislate for a nation, and the
 House of Lords falls very far below our
 f Senate, as well in personal appearance
 of its members as in eloquence and
 ability.
 lIO*. JOSHUA B. GIDDIMGS.
 Few of our public men enjoy so
 large a share of the heartfelt respect
 even of their political enemies, as Mr.
 Giddings, the distinguished member of
 1 the House of Representatives, frera
 j Ohio. He is emphatically the distin
 guished member, and next to Hon.
 i Senator Corwin, the greatest public
 man of that great state. Mr. Giddings
 has obtained this enviable distinction
 not so much by bis great learning or
 1 great talents—though by no means
 deficient in either of these—as by his
 great moral courage—his fearless man
 ner of pleading and voting for what is
 right, rather than for what is thought
 1 to be expedient. Moral courage is
 always admirable, but doubly so at the
 present day, from its great scarcity.
 1 Most of our politicians, are so exceed
 ingly afraid of doing wrong, that they
 scarcely ever dare do what is right.
 Not so Joshua R. Giddings. From his
 first advent to public life, he has made
 i war, heart and hand, upon the aggres
 sions and iniquity of the slave power.
 Buffeted and scorned at first, he redou-
 I bled his blows the more he was reviled,
 till he has compelled that power to
 abate much of its arrogance and listen
 with respectful attention.
 But our object at present is not to
 eulogize Mr. Giddings, but to introduce
 a scene between him and a Southerner,
 and to commend to public admiration
 the manly course and nobly reply of
 1 Mr. Giddings on that occasion. It
 1 occurred on the floor of the House in
 February, 1842, just after Mr. G. had
 made a speech on the bill for the relief
 of the slavers, owning the slaves on
 board of the slave ships Gomel” and
 Encomium.” The correspondent of
 the N. Y. Tribune, from whose
 sketches” w f e select the facts in this
 case, censures this speech of Mr G. as
 “too much a philippic—too little an
 argument—too violent and recrimina
 ting in its character,” —a fault to
 which, it must be confessed, Mr. G. is
 rather inclined. But though sometimes
 bitter in expression, he never loses
 his self control, or becomes murderous
 in thought or bloody in deed, as the
 following encounter sufficiently proves:
 A scene followed the delivery of
 this speech, such as never occurred i
 before, and for the credit of the House
 and country it is to be hoped never
 will occur again. A personal assault
 .was made upon Mr. Giddings by a
 Southern member.
 The newspapers of the day contained 1
 the particulars, of the affair, from some i
 of which the following scene is con- J
 densed:—
 While Mr. Giddings was speaking, j
 this member w r as seen standing in front
 of the clerk’s desk evidently much ex
 cited. After Mr. Giddings had ceased
 he was observed to approach the aisle
 where Mr. G. was standing and vio
 lently to push him out of it. As Mr. G. i
 turned round to see who his assailant
 was, he passed close by him with his
 right hand inside of his vest, apparently
 taking hold of his bowie-knife. Mr.
 Giddings recognized him and addressed t
 him by name; he stopped, and with his
 hand still on his knife, came hack to
 within some four feet of Mr. Giddings l
 and placed himself in a menacing j
 attitude directly in front of him.
 Mr. Giddings inquired “Did you
 push me?” and looked hnn directly in
 the eye as he spoke.
 I did,” was the reply,
 Intentionally?” usked Mr. G.
 Yes.”
 For the purpose of iusult?” again
 demanded Mr. Giddings.
 Yes,” again was the answer.
 “Well, sir,” replied Mr. G.” we
 are in the habit of leaving those men
 who w antonly insult others to thei
 contempt of public opinion.”
 By this time the friends of the mem
 ber interfered, and led him from the
 hall. The excuse offered for his con
 duct at the time was partial intoxica
 tion.—Express.
 THE PRESS.

 The art of printing is perhaps the
 mightiest instrumentality ever contrived
 by man, for the exertion of moral influ
 ence. Rev. Dr. Adams, in his late ad
 dress at Yale College, remarked:
 In the city of Strashurg, on the i
 eastern frontier of France,there stands,
 in the principal square, a bronze stat
 ute of Guttenburg, the inventor of the;
 art of printing with moveable types. It j
 is a full length figure of that fortunate
 individual, with a printing press at his
 side, and an open scroll in his hand,
 with this inscription: “And there was
 light.” Upon the several sides of the
 high pedestal on which the effigy
 stands, are four tableaux in bas-relief,
 designed to represent the effect of the
 art of printing on the general progress
 of the world. In one stand the names
 of the most distinguished scholars, phi
 losophers and poets of all times; in an
 other the names of those who have
 been most eminent for their achieve-)
 inents in the cause of human freedom;
 conspicuous among which is an allusion
 to our Declaration of Independence, i
 with the names of Washington, Frank
 lin, Hancock and Adams. On the
 third side is a representation of Philan
 thropy knocking off the fetters of the
 slave, and instructing the tawny chil
 dren of oppression in useful know ledge,
 and on the fourth is Christianity, sur
 rounded by the representatives of all
 nations, and tribes, and people, receiv
 ing from her hand, in their own tongue,
 the words of eternal truth. Chris
 tianity! Heaven-born Christianity!—
 Divine Philosophy! look down with
 indifference or disdain on that bearded
 man at work with tools in his smutty
 shop away on the Rhine! Affect to
 overlook and undervalue him as a me-'
 chauic! A mechanic! why, out of!
 those bars of wt&gt;od, and poonds of
 uietal, and ounces of ink, ho is con
 structing a machine to make the natiouV
[think!. Hi St —rnirngh fer
 Cfuktiiiiit; herself, which shall bear
 her, with the music of her silver truo*
 pet, to au toe abodes of men.”

 r j,.i
 TrwlwH 6mm dfc Fwadi mi Mwhwr PdtnH by
 Nn. L. M. ChiU.
 I THE GODDESS OF POVERTY.
 f Paths sanded with gold, verdant
 I' heaths, ravines loved by the wild goats,
 great mountains crowned with stars,
 wandering torrents, impenetrable for
 ests, Id the good goddess pass through,
 the Goddess of Poverty!
 Since the world existed, since men
 have been, she traverses the world, she
 dwells among men; she travels singing
 and she sings working—the goddess,
 the good Goddess of Poverty!
 Some men assembled to curse her.
 They found her too beautiful, too gay,
 too nimble, and too strong. Pluck
 out her wings,” said they; chain her,
 bruise her with blows, that she may
 suffer, that she may perish—the God
 dess of Poverty!”
 They have chained the good goddess,
 they have beaten and persecuted her,
 hut they cannot disgrace her. She
 has taken refuge in the soul of poets,
 in the soul of peasants, in the soul of
 martyrs, in the souls of sinners—
 the good goddess, the Goddess of Pov
 erty!
 She has walked more than the Won
 dering Jew; she has travelled more
 than the swallow; she is loder than the
 Cathedral of Prague; she is younger
 than the egg of the wren; she has mul
 tiped more upon the earth than straw
 berries in Bohemian forests the god
 dess, the good Goddess of Poverty!
 She has many children, and she
 teaches them the secret of God. She
 talked to the heart of Jesus, upon the
 mountain; to the eyes of Queen Li
 bussa, when she became enamored of a
 laborer; to the spirit of John and Je
 rome, upon the funeral pile of Con
 stance. She knows more than all the
 doctors and all the bishops—the good
 Goddess of Poverty!
 She always makes the grandest and
 most beautiful tilings that we see upon
 the earth; it is she who has cultivated
 the fields and pruned the trees; it is
 she who tends the flocks, singing the
 most beautiful airs; it is she who sees
 the first peep of dawn, and receives the
 last smile of evening—the good God
 dess of Poverty!
 It is she who inspired the poet, and
 makes the violin, the guitar and the
 flute eloquent under the fingers of the
 wandering artist—it is she who carries
 him on her light wing, from the source
 of the Moldau to that of the Danube;
 it is she who crowns his hair with
 pearls,and makes the stars shine for him
 more large and more clear—the god
 dess, the Goddess of Poverty!
 It is she who instructs the ingenious
 artisan; who teaches him to hew stone,
 to carve marble, to fashion gold, silver,
 brass and iron; it is she who renders
 the flax supple and fine as a hair, from,
 the fingers of the old mother, or of the
 young girl—the good Goddess of Pov-'
 erty!
 It is she who sustains the cottage
 shaken by the storm; it is she who
 saves rosin for the torch, and oil for the I
 lamp; it is she who kneeds bread fori
 the family, and weaves garments fori
 summer and winter; it is she who feeds
 and maintains the world—the good God
 dess'of Poverty!
 It is she who lias built the grand
 churches and the old cathedrals; it is
 she who carries the sabre and the gun,
 who makes war and conquests; it is she 1
 who collects the dead, tends the
 wounded, and hides the conquered—the
 good Goddess of Poverty!
 Thou art all gentleness, all patience, i
 all strength and all compassion O, good
 Goddess! It is thou who unites all thy
 children in holy love, and who givest
 to them faith, hope and charity—O,
 Goddess of Poverty!
 Thy children will cease one day to
 carry the world upon their shoulders;
 they will be recompensed for their
 trouble and toil. The time approaches'
 when there will he neither rich nor
 poor; when all men shall consume the
 fruits of the earth, and equally enjoy
 he gifts of God; but thou wilt not he
 brgotten in their hymns, O, good God
 less of Poverty!
 They will remember that thou wert
 heir fruitful mother, their robust nurse,
 ind their church militant. They will
 &gt;our balm upon thy wounds, and they,
 vill make the rejuvenated and embalm
 'd earth, a bed where thou caust
 it last repose—O good Goddess of
 Poverty
 Until the day of the Lord, torrents
 tnd forests, mountains and valleys,
 maths swarming with little flowers and
 ittie birds, paths which have no mas
 ers, and sanded with gold let pass i
 he good Goddess —O, Goddess of

 Energy. —Who ever became a man i
 &gt;f influence by sitting under the harrow
 &gt;f despondency What slow poke 1
 ;yer benefited the world, his friends, or
 limself There is nothing like action i
 ioupled with cheerfulness. We see it'
 jverywhere. Who is he sitting on
 hat empty barrel on the wharf? A
 nan with no energy—a prey to grief.; i
 He does not know what to do, and how
 :o start. ho is that man w ith folded
 irms standing in the market-place A 1
 azy do-littlc sort of vagabond, who
 fiardiy cams his bread and butter. Do
 ►ou wish to become such a character?
 Fhen arouse yourself! away from the
 lrm chair! up from the gutter! out oi
 the downy bed! Move your arms,
 kick your feet, and stir about; give'
 he blood a chance to circulate through
 (rour vcius, and the air of heaven to
 enter vour lungs. Seize the first job
 presented, and despatch it at once; up 1
 for the pay, and get another forthwith; i
 rou will soon earn enough to purchase j
 ft wheel-barrow or hand-cart, and then
 pou will begin to live. Who knows
 shat you may become? Energy is;
 iiaif omnipotent. Small beginnings end
 in large gains; a penny well turned
 brings a fortune Resolve, then, to do
 mnething and he something, and, our
 rord for U, you will bless us to your
 lying day for preaching thus faithfully
 :o you.— Chromotype. j
 Error of opinion may safely be tolcr-;
 ited, when truth is left free to combat
 t.— Jtff'ts n.
BrrfeACT,
 Fmmtb OmimtfW. M. Siwm f fAr Ass &gt;tk
 &lt;Jo«i QVixct Abxtta, Mmtik&amp;n tkrLrg
 mUtmrr 4*. St*"fNm r«4, m i/ht Grl
 V. INk r
 W» in it Ar mUm tf extrsordfnsry
 British Amrricao CWiWim i«4 BpiaUi Amer
 ksr Society bm c**ote iaio collision, rack ta iu
 fullest maturity. The Amnes «f tbt N *nb htn
 ami Reuaea
 dr la Palma, passed 'he for:r**or* rf .Mommy,
 and rolled hath ipoo be Ueart o( Mexico Uw so
 avai Kg tide of a»m*»» re*i*anre f oni the m&lt;*an
 u. in arte of Barna Vista. Martial csfootas are
 wetaprd an ibr coas t ad Ctliima, while San
 Jaan oTifoa baa lail*n, ami ibe invader* bam
 j swep' Af forge of Certo Oonto—carried ParUi
 and Prrrr, and planted the ba*.arr of barwhn
 alar* and ever mulnpymg stnpea oa the towers of
 j ike city of ibe Asttea.
 Tbc Thirtieth Coegress a Kembles ta ibis ron
 pne are, and ibe Debates are stdevne, earnest aad
 i bewilder of. Litrresi, Possum, Con retrace. Free
 dom aod humanity, all have ibeir advocates
 Shall near ham aad lev.es he framed ro prose
 rate Mill 1. ft her a war ro g'ortoas, or shall M b
 ab&lt;ndonet&gt;! Shall we be cooient sri.h ilo* ham»l
 aiion of ibe to, or ahall are complete hia subjtiga
 linuT Wcu'd that arvmty be magnanimous, 01
 evra j &gt;at I Nay, ia the war Ji*t t VVh..
 1 provuwnt.sml by what nnfsrdoaabie ffnee. thw
 i diaastross Strife be'ween two eminent Rej.ob ic^
 »o reaadsloaa io Drmoc a re f istitn'wnsf Wnere
 shall we trace anew the t ver advancing l:ac of oar
 'ii pirel Shall übe drawn on the shore ol tlx
 Il o taisnrfe, or on :be ramm t of (he Sierra Ma
 dret orsh»ll Mexican I id-pendenc** be ex»in
 gushed,*! d ar eagle cioo- hit adventurous pm
 t ions only when he looks off upon ibe waves tba&gt;
 repa ae u&lt; Irora ibr I dirat Does Freedom own
 and accept ear protore obhrmna ofßioo&lt;J,or
 does ehe rrject Hie aacnfi e! Will these cor-
 I q rests ex emi her domain, or w.ll they be tallow,
 rdb, ever crasping Slavery I WhatrfTctwih
 this i-ew 1 o*n ambition have upon oorvelves
 W ill it leave oa the viriae io eo«Lnw the career
 'ofa« al progress I llow shall we govern the
 conquered people! Shall we incorporate then
 inii fled races with rs reives, or rule them with
 he deepori*in «f pro ron-ular p&gt;wrrs? Cia we
 preserve the e remote and host le possessions, &gt;a
 any way, without forfeit ng »or own blond bought
 heritage o( Freedom I Steam and Lightning
 which have become d ole messengers,make the
 Am-iicaii Pcrp’e lis enere to this iltgi D -bate,
 and anxi-iy, and interest, intense and universal,
 abooib them all. Suddenly the Coonc I adii«o!v
 ed. Silence ;s in ibe Capiiol, and sorrow ha»
 thrown i&gt;s pal I over 'he Lnl. What new event
 ts this? Has some Cromwell dosed the Leg ala,
 live Chambers! or ha* me Cb ar, returning
 from Ins distant cor qiea e, passed the Rubicon
 seised the purple, and f«t en in the Senate be'
 iteatn the swords al srli'tppoin’ed executioners of
 his country'* vengeance Nu! No bmg all
 this. What mean*, then, th a abrupt end fearful
 ■'il. nee 1 W hai unlook* d lor calamity ha* q idled
 the debates ol the Senate and calmed the exeie
 ninii of the People An old man, whose tongu*
 ■mce indeed was el qi*n', but now through age
 had v* ell nigh Inst i's tu .tit.tg, has fallen into the
 swoon of D«aih. He was no* an actor In thr
 (Jmma of c-i q teat—nor hid li&gt; L-tblc voice ye&gt;
 ntmg'ed in the |.»liy argument—
 A gray-h;»ire'l sire, whn*eeye intent
 \V» on me visioned Fuiure bent.**
 And now he iiasdream-d out at last the troubled
 dream of life. Signs of unavailing grief ascend
 to Heaven. Panegyric, fluent in long-si fi d
 prtiis-*, performs ns office. 'I he Army and th
 Navy pay conventional honors, with iltr pomp of
 na'ionai wo, an I then the hearse moves onward
 It rrsteappropriately on ms way in ihe Hall where
 I nd&lt; pend nee was p oclainted, and again unde
 tie dome where Freedom was born. At lengit
 the loinb of Jons Aihjus opens to teceive a «on,
 who also, b&lt;&gt;rnc sulj-ci of a King. had stood as a
 Representative of h s emancipated country, be*
 fore Principal,ties and Powers, and had won by
 mrri'.and worn with* u’ reproach, the Honors of
 he Republic.
 During the ndministration of John
 Quincy Adams, he was really the Chief
 M.-igistnlc. Ue submitted neither his rea
 son nor his conscience to the control of
 any partiznn cabal. Mo man was ap
 pointed to oflice in obedience to jtolitical
 dictation, and no faithful public servant
 was proscribed. The result rewarded his
 mngnamity. Faction censed to exist.—
 When South Carolina, a few years after
 word, assumed the very ground that the
 ancient Republican party had indicated as
 lawful aud constitutional, and claimed the
 right and jrower to set aside within her
 own limits acts of Congress which she
 pronounced void,because they transcended
 ihe Federal authority, she colled on the
 Republican party throughout the Union
 in vain. The dangerous heresy had been
 renounced for ever. Since that time there
 has been no serious project of a combina
 tion to resist the laws of the Union, much
 less of a conspiracy to subvert the Union
 Suchwat'he Admini 'ration of John Qumcy
 Adams. San ly it exhibits enough done for duty
 and for fame—if the ancient plulos &gt;pher said tru
 ly, ihai the day of a S alesman was to make the
 citizens happy, to make them firm in power, rich
 in wealth, splendid in glor, and eminent in vir
 tue, and that such achievements were the earnest
 and bes' o all the wn-k* of men.
 But the measure of duty was not yet fulfiled.—
 The Republic thought it no longer had need of
 the services of Adants, and he bowed to his com
 mand. Two years had elapsed, and Io the
 Priest was s*en again beside the deserted Altar,
 aud a brighter, purer, and more lasting flame
 arouse out of the extinguished members.
 He l*M»fcrd in yea X. itnt&gt;n bis year* were seen
 “A youtbiul vipur,; a autumnal gri en.”
 The Republic had been extended and eonsoli
 lated but Human Slavery, which had been in
 corporated in it, was extended and consolidated
 i!so, and was spreading, so as to impair the
 strength of the great fabric on which the hopes of
 the nations were suspended. Slavery, therefore,
 must be restrained, and without violence or in
 uftice, must be abolished. The difficult task of
 removing it had been postponed by the Slates t en
 if the Revolution, and had been delayed arid for
 gotten by their successors. There were now
 resolute hearts and will.ng hands to undertake it,
 mi who was strong enough, aad bold euough to
 esd? Who had patience to bear with enthusi
 ism that overlespt its mark, and with intolerance
 hat defeated it* oau generous purposes? Slave
 folders had power, nay, the national power and
 itrangero say, they had it with the nation’s con
 tent and sympathy. Who was bold enough to
 provoke them, and bring the execrations of the
 aation dowu upon his own head 1 Who would
 io this, when even Abolitionists themselves, ren
 irred implacable by the manifestations of those
 irotiment* of justice sod moderation, without
 rhich the most hums. cau depending on a
 rhange of public opinion, canuot he conducted
 safely to prosperous end, were r ady to betray
 heir own champion into the handsof the aven
 »er? That leader was found in the person of
 lo .oQaiocj Adams. He took h*s aral in die
 House of Representatives in IKH without a*-
 umpiion omstentatioa. Abolitionists placed in
 tis hand, peuuona for the suppression of Slavery
 wiil*to the District of Coluuiba, the seal of the
 Federal authorities. He offered them to the
 House of Representative*, and they were reject
 *J with contumely aad scorn. Suddenly the
 ilarm went forth, that the aged and venerable
 rrvant was retaliating a; on his country br i .sii
 •aiingn servile war that such a wsr must be
 ivoided, even at the coot of aocnAciag die free
 loin of IVtilioo and the freedom of Debate, and
 hat if Free States, would not consent to make
 bat soenhe, then the Union she id be dissolved,
 rbts alarm bad its desired eff-ct. The Hooseof
 Representatives in I (ji7, adopted a rule of disci
 pline, equivalent to an net, ordaining that no pen
 non relating to slavery, nearly or remotely, should
 tie read, debated oo coostdered. The Senate
 wloptrd like edict. The State authorities ap
 proved. Slavery was not loss strongly entrench
 rd, behind the bulwark of precedent* w the room
 A law, than in the fixed habits of thought and
 ictioo among the people. The people even in
 [he free states dmoonred ike discussion of slavery
 tod suppressed it by unlawful force. John
 uiacy Adams stood unmoved aimed the storm.
 He knew that the only danger incident to politi
 cal reform, was the danger of demymg it too long.
 I*hr French Revolution had anode ibis ao axiom
 d political science* If, indeed the dtcosaiou
 if sin very was so baxardows os we pretended, it
 &gt;nd been drferrd to ktog already. The odvo
 •tes of slavery hud committed u fatal error.—
 f’hey hod uhultshed freedom of up ech, and ftee
 bmi of petition to save ao obnoxious institution,
 ksaoooootho jm-'c ah o old subside, the praptr
 could demand the /estorsboo of thoso pserioos
 ighls, aod would scrutinize with froalemsfidelity
 Ue cause for which they hud been suppressed
II« sfiered petitiao after wiin j rmh balder tad
 more important thee tbe last. ll* debated
 got A tea*, kindred ta tboar which were forbidden,
 w ih the fitment and frrvnr ad Mfl a«M* aatare.
 far afe.
 ua4 w tga nehoi Ibe open u«ih
 Abe fler&gt; rrhtarMt m yomt
 Bona be gained tpao hi* ada Marie*. Diatrie*
 after diatnat aeotebamptoa* tobisafoe. Staler
 reconsidered and irreired ia bia behalf. He aaw
 the tide was turning, and then rituca on bold
 blow, not bow for Freedotn of Petition aad of De
 bote, bat a stroke of bold aad retalmttog warfare.
 He offered a lewriatioa declaring that the follow
 ing aineoda rate at the Conauiarioa af tbe United
 States be oabmitied in tbe People of the several
 States far ibeir adoption s—
 From and alter tbe fourth day of Jorjr, 1*42
 there ahall be, fhiwegfcout Ibe'United States
 aaaui rm Sutur, bat on aad after that day
 every child beca within tba United States shall
 be Fans,
 With tbe exception of the Territory of Florida
 there shall henceforth, never be admitted into
 tbit Union, any Srm the Constitution of which
 shall tolerate wHbta the same time the existence
 tfSuTisr."
 In 1d45, the obnoxious Rule of the House of
 Representative* wn» rescinded. The Freedom of
 Debate and of Petition was restored, and the un
 restrained sad irrepressible Discussion of Slavery
 by the Press and Political Partiea began. For
 ibe rest, tbe work of Emancipation, abides the
 action, whether it be slow or hist, of the moral
 sense of zeal aad firmness only of tbe Reformers,
 but on rbeir wisdom and moderation also. Stoicism
 that had no charity for error, never converted any
 human society to virtue; Chaisiianity that re
 members the true nature of man,has encompass-*!
 a large portion of he globe. How long emanci
 pation may be delayed is among the things con
 cealed from our hnowleifge, bat not &gt;o the
 certain resuls. Its perils are already passed—its
 difficulties have alieaJy been removed—when it
 shall have boen accomplished it will bo justly re
 garded as the noble effect which rendered the Re
 public imperishable,
 He dwelt often and emphatically on the
 words—
 Let it be remembeaed, that it has ever
 been the pride and boast of America, that the
 Rights for winch shecontemfod, wi re the rights
 of Human Nature. Uy the blessing of the
 author of those Righto, they have prevailed
 over all opposition, and formed the liasis of
 Thirteen independent States. No instance has
 heretofore occurred, nor can any instance be
 exjieeted hereafter to occur, in which the una
 dulterated forms of Republican Government can
 pretend to so fair an opportunity of justifying
 themselves by their fruits. In this view, the
 citizens of tlie United Suites, *re responsible
 for the greatest trust ever confided to a noliti
 society If Justice, Good Faith, Honor,
 Gratitude, and all the other qualities which en
 noble the character of a nation, and fulfil the
 ends of Government, be the fruits of our es
 tablishments, the cause ofLiberty will acquire
 a dignity and lustre which it has never yet en
 joyed, and an example will be s.n, whic h can
 not but have the most favorable influence on
 Mankind. If on the other side, our Govern
 ments should be unfortunately blotted with the
 reverse of these cardinal vrrtues, the great
 cause which we have engaged to vindicate, will
 be dishonored and betrayed; the last and fair
 est experiment in favor of tbe Rights of Hu
 man Nature, will be turned against them, and
 their patrons, and friends e posed to the insults
 and silenced by the votaries of Tyranny and
 usurpation.”
 Senators and Representatives of the People
 of the State of Nem York: 1 had turned my
 steps away from these Halls, long since, as 1
 thought forever. I conic back to them by your
 command, to fulfil a higher duty, and more hon
 orable service than ever before devolved upon
 me. I repay your generous confidence, hy of.
 feting to you this exposition of the duties of
 the magistrate and of the citizen. It is the
 same which John Quincy Adams gave to the
 Congress of the United States, iu his Oration
 on the death of Janies Madison. It is the key
 to his own exalted character, and it enables us
 to measure the benefits he conferred upon his
 country. If then you ask, what motive ena
 bled liim to rise alsivc parties, sects, combina
 tions, prejudices, passions, and seductions, I
 answer, that he served his country, not alone
 or chiefly because he knew her duties, and her
 destiny, and knew her cause was the cause ol
 Human Nature. If you inquire why he was
 so rigorous in virtue as to be often thought aus
 tere, I answer, it was because Human Nature
 required the exercise of Justice, Honor, and
 Gratitude, by all who were elothed with author
 ity to act in the name of the American People.
 If you ask why he seemed, sometimes, with
 apparent inconsistency, to lend his charities to
 the Distant, and the Future rather than to his
 Kindred ami Times, I reply, it w as because be
 held that the tenure of human power is oneon
 dition of its being lieneficieutlv exercised for
 the common welfare of the Human Race.—
 Such men are of no country. They belong to'
 Mankind. If we cannot rise to this height of
 virtue, we cannot ho|»e to comprehend tbe char
 acter of John Quincy Adams, or understood the
 homage paid by the Anuricau people to his.
 memory.
 Nejd it be said that John Quincy Adams
 studied Justice, Honor, and Gratitude, not by
 the false standards of the age, hut by their
 own true nature. He generalized truth, and
 traced it always to its source, the bosom of God.
 Thus iu his defence of the Amistad captives he
 began with defining justice in the language of,
 Justinian, Constans et perpetua voluntas jus
 suum enique tribuendi.” He quoted on the
 same occasion from the declaration of ludepen- j
 dmee, not by the way of rhetoru a! embellish
 ment, and not even as a valid human ordinance
 but as a truth of nature, of universal applica
 tion, the memorable w ools, We hold these
 truths self evident, that all men are created
 equal, and that they are endowed by their f're
 ator with certain inalienable rights, and that
 among these rights are Life, Liberty, and the
 pursuit of Happiness.” In his vindication of!
 the Right of Debate, he declared that the prin
 ciple that religious opinions were altogether be
 youd the sphere of Legislative control, was bu
 one modification of a more exteusive axiom
 which included the unbounded Freedom of the.
 Press, and of Speech, in the communication of
 Thought in all its forms. He rested the iavio-!
 lability of the right of Petition, not ou Consti
 tutions, or Charters which might be glossed,
 abrogated or expunged, Imt in the inherent
 right of every animal creature to pray to its
 superiors.
 Th- model by which he formed his character
 was Cicero. Not the living Cicero, sometimes
 inconsistent; often i-resolute too often seeming
 to act a studied part; and always covetous of ap
 plause. Rut Cicero, aa he aimed to be, aud as he
 appears revealed in tboae inimorla' emanations o!
 his genius which have been the deity hi and guide
 ol intellect and viriue in every succeed.ng «»e,
 Like the Roma Adam# was an orator, but be;
 did not iall into the error of the Roman, in prac-.
 tiesliy valuing eloquence more than llie beoefi
 ceace to which it should be devoted. Like him
 he was a Statesman and Magistrate worthy to be
 called “The second founder of ibe Republic,”—
 like him a teacher of Didactic Philosophy.of inor
 als, and evea ol bis own peculiar art; and like
 hun be made ait liberal learning tributary to that.
 noble art, w hile Poetry was the inseparable com
 panion of bis genius m its house of relaxation
 I rum tbe la bora of be Forum and of the Capitol.
 Like him lie loved only the society ol good men,
 and by hia general praise of such, illustrated the
 Roman’s beautifal aphorism, that no one can be
 euvioaa of good deeds, who baa confidence ia bis
 own virtue. Lite Cicero, lie k«-pi himself en
 trained by social or omestie vices: preserved ser
 enity ood cheerfulness cherished habitual rever
 ence for tbe Doily, and dwell continunlly, not on
 the mystic theology of the schools, but on the
 hopes of a better ufe. He lived in whs I will be
 regarded aa tbe virioooa age of bis country, while
 Cicefb was aurrouaded by aa overw helm.ag de
 ff aeraey. He had tbe light of Christianity fur
 hia guide aad iu sublime motive* aa iotilemraia
 o virtue; while Ciorso had only tbs *onlu&gt;sdtn»
 otroclioasof tbe Car nan Msbtols, aud saw amb
 ing certainly attainable but present applause and
 furore f®me. Jn moral courage, the,effort heex
 ceiied bra model aad Availed Cato. Bat Cato
 visionsij, who instated upon hi right to act
 al ways wtbout ■efirtense ta Ibe condition of mao*
 k»od, as hr sboaid have acted ia Plato’* imagina
 ry RepaMie. Adams stood tn this arspret Mid
 way between the impracticable title* and tbe two
 flexible Academician. He had aooccasion tossy
 a* the Grecian oral as did, that if he had some lime,
 acted eantntay la htarari&amp; bn bad never acted con.
 trary to the Republic but be might justly hav r
 raid, as the coUe Ron.an did, ”1 hsh* rvudetc
ill
 to my ron a try *ll (Jw gml amice* which do
 wse wiUtog to rrceive mmy hand*, and I have
 •aver larboard a tM»ghu«cic«raiaf her that mi
 •»l divine.
 More fortunate ftwa Cicero, who frff a eir&gt;*
 lim of ewil war* which b# oosld mnt, Ad
 am* ara* pr named to Imge r upon earth, no.
 til the generations of (he future age. for whom
 tie had tired and to whom he appealed trom
 from the condemnation of eotrmponrries, esme'
 ui* feeders the rurtain wh eh bad shot out Im*
 sight, aod rom anced over hun, as he wa*
 si. king into the grave, their judgement of Ap
 proval and Beneoiftion.
 The distinguished characterstirs of h?a
 lifrwere Bcneieient labor and Contontraeat.
 He never sought wealth. Yet by a practice
 of frugality and method, lie secured il*c er&gt;j y
 ment of dealing forth continually no slimed
 C larities, ar»dd «d in affluence. In every sisge
 of Ms progress he WHS Constant. Ho was
 content to be I’resident, Mint ..lor, Represents*
 live, or Ci zen.
 Stricken in the midst of his service, in the
 very act of rising to debate, he f»*R info the
 arms of Conscript Fat hers of the Repnbie.—
 A long lethargy sup rvetied and oppressed his
 senses. Nature rallied the wasting powers,,
 on the verge of the grave, tor a very brief pe
 riod. But it was long enongh for him
 The re-kindled eve allowed that the recollect*
 ed mind was clear, calm, an i v gonms. II s
 weeping family, and his snrrowii g compeer-,
 were mere, lie surveyed thesn n•, and know
 at once its fatal import, lie hail left no duty
 unperformed, he la 1 no wish unsatisfied to»
 ambitien un-Uaincd; no regret, no sorrow ry&gt;
 tear no remorse. He could m&gt;&lt; shake otfiite
 dew sof death t»af ga hered on his brow, Ifrr
 could not pierre Ihe tb i k shades ;lint r use* Uf&gt;
 before him. But he knew that Eternity layr
 c ose by tne short sof T«me. He know tka*
 hie redeemer lived. El &lt;juenre,eveu in'Jut
 h »ur, inspired him with his ancient subJiu •‘y
 o! utterance. •‘This,*’ said tie dying
 I his is the end of earth.” He passed for
 moment, and then added, *‘l Bin content.”—
 Angels might we.i draw aside the skiea tub ok
 down on such a scene—a scene that approxi
 mated even to that scene of unapproachable
 sublimity, not to be recalled without re\	r-*-
 en. e, when in mortal agony, one who spake ~a
 never man spake, said,‘‘lt is finis: ed.’
 tini\ t«»*oye ir» ufitr ilte Uit-.h Ji.hu Quincy A am*
 late .|i, lied i&gt;n itn l&gt;|. n&lt;l in the M&lt; 4 omi «mi
 a i)U..-.u S &gt;.ra, mm I) b *rn,« sUmmJ w.ili m.ulj.n
 -m. wiuio it t e reunl.ntnc iliics «f .histlt e a u H«-
 iitVoleme Mb Ch A la mi* kiii m suck aattliWi mV
 tVaniet’. A like cu-et r t-in-il u» i.oi&gt;i r.i l.ke A&lt;l*
 mns.a 'inject of a Kins— ike cliildiif iimn V nml ih.es.
 like tiim.bkc :iii *in e iriy life a;* &gt;i n*i an«l m til *.-n «f»
 lie A-h»u urea h r|&gt;uli.tr. I.ih« Aii.-im» he Ice i hie **r
 vice tu ilie Slue iu r roc &lt;u&gt; juuth, aml in ns hour
 ueed.iinil won 111 cuttAiieD :e. Mm unl.ke Atnius lie
 cuiilii nut wail thei.uli delay*»;»&gt;w uud Ul’cr.oti*. I lit
 •urcKitiA ceineni. lie i.ght Power by u.e Italy ni.ul
 liv lends ttiru.ivh held' in r »»e. nnd be l&gt; cmiio
 like Adams, a Supreme Magistrate, a Consul.
 But there were other Consuls, lie was not
 content. He thrust them aside, and was Con
 sal alone. Consular power was too shoTt. He
 fought new battles, aod was General lor lift.—
 But Power, confessedly derived from the Peo
 ple, must he exercised in obedience to theiv
 will, and must be resigned to them again, at
 least in death. He was not content. He
 desolated Europe afresh, subverted the Rcpub
 lio, imprisoned the Pumareh who presided
 over Rome's comprehensive See, and obliged
 him to pour on his head tho sacred til that
 made the persons of Kings divine, and there
 right to reign indefeasible, lie was an Empe
 ror. But lie saw around him a mother, broth
 ers and sisters, not enabled w hose humble
 state reminded him, and the world, that he was
 born a Plebeian and be had no heir to wait
 impatient lor the Imperial Crown. He scour
 ged the earth again, and again Fortvue smiled
 on him even in his wild extravagance. He l»e
 -stovved Kingdoms and Principal.lies on lim
 kindred—pul away the unvoted vviteol lus
 youthful days, and another, a daughter ofilaps
 burgh’s Imperial house, joyfully accepted his
 proud alliance. Oilspring gladdened his ob
 noxious sight, a diadem was placed on its in
 fant brow, and it received tin; homvgc of Pnn
 ees, even in its cradle. Now ho was indeed a
 Monarch—a legitimate Monarch—a Monarch
 by Divine appointment —the lirst of an endl. f*
 succession ot Monarch*. 11 ui then |vvere cthv r
 Monarch* who held away in the Earth. Ho
 was not content. He would reign with l.i*
 Kindred alone, lie gatherdd new and greater
 armies from lus own land—from subjugated,
 lands. He called forth the young anil bravo—
 one from every houst hold—from the Pyrenees
 to the Znydt Zee—from Jura to the Do an
 He inarched them into long and majestic col
 umns, and went tbrth to seize that universal.
 Dominion, winch seemed almost within his
 grasp. But Ambition had tempted Fortune too
 far. 1 lie Nations ot tire Faith resisted, repel
 led, pursued, surrounded him. 'The pageant
 was ended. 1 lie Crown fell from his presum
 ptuous head. The wife who bail wedded hint
 in his pride, forsook him in the hour w hen fear
 came upon him. His child was ravished from
 his sight, llis kinsmen were degraded to
 their first Estate, and he was no longer Ei
 jieror, nor Consul, nor General, nor even
 Citizen, but an Exile and and a Prisoner, on a
 lonely Island, in the midst of the wild At lam
 —Discontent attended him there. 'The way
 ward man fretted out a few long years of hn*
 ytt unbroken manhood, looking oil' at the ear
 liest davvn and in evening's latest twilight, to
 wards that distant world that he had only just
 eluded his grasp. His heart corroded. Death,
 came, not uulookcd tor, though it caine even
 tin welcome, lit* was Sirttclied on his bed
 Within the fort which constituted his Prison.—
 A fdvv fast anil faithful friends stood around,
 w sth lire guards vv ho rejoiced that the hour of
 relief, from long and wearisome watching, was
 it hand. As lus strength wasted away, delir
 ium stirred up the brain from its long and in
 jurious inactivity. 'The Pageant of Am bn ion
 returned. He was again a Lieutenant, a Gen
 eral, a Consul, an Emperor of France. 11c
 lilled again the throne of Charlemagne. II is.
 kindred pressed around him, again reinvested
 with the pompous pageantry of Royalty. Thi&gt;
 Daughter ot ihe long line of Kings again,
 stood proudly b yltts side, and the suuy face of
 Child shone out from beneath the diadem that
 encircled its flowing looks. The Marshals of
 Ihe Empire awaited hi* command. The legion*
 id the Old Guard were in the field, their scar
 red faces rejuv enlatcd, acd their ranks, thin
 iied in many bat tbs, replenished. It osfdn,
 I nissia, Austria, Denmark, and England,
 gathered their mighty hoMatogive him bank*.
 Once moie he mounted h.s nopal cut linrger*
 and rushed forth to conquer. J!e waved his.
 sword aloft and cried—“ Tele ITArmee.”—-
 ilie feverish vision broke—the mockery wan
 Prided. Ihe silver Cord was loow d, m dlho
 warrior fell back upon his bed a lifeless coip*#.
 Ibis wa»the end of Earth. The Corsican
 was not content.
 Statesmen and Citracus 1 'The contrast sug—
 put* its own impressive moral.
 Thf, Crisis of me Revolution.*--.
 riiist decisive fusilado—which appears
 to have turned the doubtful issue of tbs
 day, changing the demand for reform
 into the vindictive cry for Revolution
 was, however, 'result of an acci
 dent! A musket casually discharged
 from one of the w indows of M. Guizot's
 bote!, struck a troop*r*k horse, which
 plunging in its agony, caused a con
 tusion ut the ranks; so that the captain
 became impressed with the idea that
 Ihe people were rushing on the troops:
 wider which erroaeoa* belief he gave
 the fatal command to fire. An evo
 witness told me, that five minutes
 uuMfribl(t imn, iufoi uiccl
 of his error, was tearing his hair ami
 rolling htuiseß on the ground in the
 bitterness of unavailing self-reproach.
 So narrow are the chances on which
 all power sot based in justice depends.
 So futile and unceHain are dynastic
 mtriguca! A trigger snaps untimely—
 A horse plunges in the dark—and itv
 the toafasion that emue* a throne i*
 swept sway, and the high-reared fabric
 of kingly ambition falls toppling to tho
 ground!—Cmr. Ilttkhj ChrvmtU.
