FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M R DKLANY, EairaaS,
VOL I. NO. XVII.
The &gt;ORTII STAR I* erei
 Friday, at TVo. 33, Buffalo Street,
 (Op/umte the Arced*.)
 TERMS.
 T Hollars prr imm, atmiy* edremr*.
 »ul*rri|Hi&lt;H» will Ik received &lt;ur a It*** u-ria Ur
 «i\ month*.
 AHffiliteiKmti nnt nrwdmt; ten line* irwerli
 thrw -f.»r one ilulLtr; every (ulwipicnt m»e
 tion, twenty-live cent*.
 Th It nlifert of the N'iwth Stu will lie to attar
 Si.avert in all it* firm* and anpeetv; alvorai
 I’VIVKMIL Er A*t ir exalt tlie »u» lar
 ofrum.tr, Mohaiitt; jimofite die ntotal and ii
 lelle*tuil iinftroTene'ot «&gt;l tba otottll PtOfU.
 and hai&gt;ti'B t!«r day &lt;&gt;f FKI.LDOM to the Fhre
 Mii.moss ,&gt;f 'xir |;**i.*ted Kii.lOw Coca
 T R R
 PUBLISHER’.-* NOTICES.
 (*y. ronmnnicatintM relating to the htutnr*
 mdtrr* of (lie (Mprr, natnr* of mb§mt*r*, remit
 fanren, .hml J be a l&lt;ire**r ;l t* Wiuu* C
 N r r.i,, Publisher.
 j O A*p,it*, anJ all other* nenainß names, an
 fn|ir«t«i to lie aeenrate, an I !;ivr the VM OJfirr
 the I'm.nty, an I the Sf-itr. F-a&lt;-h Subscriber is im
 In* liately m ine I far m mev reeeived.
 fcf- v p -r* hi *en.|io&lt;» i i the |»ym?nt for f &gt;ui
 tnWriberii, to lie firwanled to one aiUrew, inaj
 have a fifth rnjiy for one y"»r.
 All l “tb rs anil com uuiiieatHHi* must be jtofcl
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 X| lointi'tiTT*. —U. F. Walrnti,2l,Comhill.
 Hoston; V’atltan Jolinson, New Relforil; Horatio
 Fost.-r, l.iwell; James Ificfom, Lynn; Geor".
 F.vaos, Worrest-r Rottriw* S|x&gt;oner, Ptvmottdi;
 t'harle* 11. S-tfi, IhviJ llu"^b*s,
 Morthampton; H. CarjK-oter, L jiton.
 M iisk. —Oiiviif Dan iett, l’nrtl.tntl.
 V» r Ro.iT.—R ivvlan 1 'l'. Robinson, North Fer
 lri-leir".
 CiissttcTlCtlT.—Joitiitban I*eo*ianl, Meriden.
 kw II RrstfiKK. —Weare Tajijian, llnijfird.
 \»:w York.—Sy ftiev If. Gay, 112, Nassau
 Street; Jin-s Mrt’n.te Smith, 93, \N est Broadway;
 Joseph l’nst, Westlntry, (ioeeu f’ottntx; Mary liar*
 per, A litany; I'lias fliitv, Maecfim; W illetts Ki-ese,
 I’rrn, Clinton Counts William S. Ilaliiniore, Tmv;
 J. F. Platt, IVmi Van; J. Jc.Trev, Geneva; E. 1..
 Platt, Hath.
 K itoitt. Isi tsii.—Amrancy Paine, Pnividenec.
 Pr.xNsvi.v tsit. —J. M. M ”vi at, 21, North Fifth
 Street, Phila I dphia; &lt;l. W. (ioioes, S,
 PU e, Ditto; 11. Yashin, 11. llmvn, Pitlslmr";
 William W!iip,&lt;er, f'olu nliia Isaac R'lberts, Jacob
 1.. Ptvm, Norristown, Montjanery Cmutly.
 Ohio,—Christian D mal ison, Cincinnati; Cl. \V.
 Carter, Ditt Valentine Nicholson, Ilarvcyslturgh,
 Warren Connt\ S inviel llrisike, Salem.
 MtcHloiX.—Roliert Hanks, Detroit.
 1&gt; hi v x —Joel I’. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
 From Parker’s L Uer on Slavery,
 Effects of slavery o.\ law
 AND POLITICS.
 [continued.]
 In some States it is a penal ofTencc to
 teach slaves the elements of common
 learning, Jly the recent code of Vir
 ginia, any one who undertakes to teach
 reading or w riting to slaves, or .even
 free colored persons, may be lined jroin
 sylll to frllK). The same is forbiilen
 m Georgia. In Alabama, the punish
 ment is a fine from ft'TSO to in
 Mississippi, imprisonment for one year.
 Louisiana forbids the teaching of slaves
 to read or w rite, and prohibits any one
 from using language in public discourse
 or private conversation, having a ten
 dency to produce discontent uinoug the
 free colored population. The latter ol
 fmice is “punishable with imprisonment
 or death at the discretion of the
 court.” This antipathy to the educa
 tion of the colored race, extends even
 lo the free States. It is not unknown
 in New England. The State of Ohio
 established schools in 1529 for “.the:
 white youth of every class and grade
 without distinction.”
 According to the alleged precept of
 Mahomet, slaves are supposed to be
 bound by feebler, social and civil obli
 gations than freemen, and thus common
 offences receive but half the punish
 ment of the free. Such it is said is the
 Common Law of Mahometans in I ur
 key and the East. In Virginia there
 are six capital offences for a freeman,
 seventy-one for a slave. In Mississip
 pi there are thirty-eight offences for
 which a slave must be punished with
 Jeath—not one of which is a capital
 crime in a free white tnan. In some
 States the law is milder, but in none
 does the Christian Republican of Anglo
 Su\on descent imitate the humanity of
 the Mussulman, and legally favor the
 weaker part —correcting slaves as the
 children of the State.
 Many offences for which a slave is
 #evorely punished, are not wrongs by
 Nature, sins against the Universal and
 Divme Law’, but only crimes by Stat
 ute. Thus in Mississippi, if a slave
 he found fire-huntiug,” he is punish
 able w ith thirty-nine lashes, well laid
 mi his bare back.” In the same State,
 if a slave he found out of the limits of
 the town, or off the plantation where,
 lie usually works, any one may ap
 [trehend and punish him wiih whipping
 iiu the bare back, not exceeding twenty
 lashes.” If he refuses to submit to the
 fxmnination of any white person,;
 ‘.such white person may apprehend and
 Moderately correct him, and if he should
 Assault and strike sueh white person, j
 te may be lawfully killed.” Louisiana,
 tas a similar law, and also pun- j
 ishes "any slave or free colored person
 exercising the functions of a minister
 rtf the Gospel, with thirty-nine lashes.
 In Virginia a slave or free colored per
 son may be beaten with twenty lashes
 for being found at any school for,
 caching reading and writing. In South
 Carolina he is forbidden to wear any
 i»ut the coarsest garments.
 TUc Roman code allow ed etnancipa
 ion; tho customs of England and Ger
 nany favored it. The Christian church
 iften favored and recommended it. In
 he Roman Empire, the advance ofhu
 nanity continually rendered it easy and
 omnion. A alave sick, and derelict of
 us master, recovering, claimed legally I
 ns freedom for salvage of himself.—,
 Jut in America the laws constantly
 brow obstacles in its way. In South
 Carolina, Georgia, Alabama and Miss
 ssippi, no matt can emancipate any
 'lave, except by the authority of thej
 gislututc.granted by a special enact-.
THE NORTH STAR.
mcnt conveying the power. In Georgi;
 a Will, setting free a slave, is so fai
 null and void, and any person attempt
 ing to execute it, shall be fined $lOOO
 In Kentucky, Missouri, Virginia, Ma
 rviand, it is less difficult; but evei
 there no man is allowed to emancipate
 a slave to the prejudice of his creditors,
 or in Virginia, Mississippi and Ken
 tucky, to the lessening of his widow’i
 dower, the Common Law favors thret
 things—Life, Liberty and Dower; the
 law of these three States sacrifices the
 Liberty of Slaves to the Dower of c
 widow. Emancipation must be made
 with most formal and technical minute
 ness, or the act is void. Does the mas
 ter solemnly covenant with his slave t«
 emancipate him? the contract can be
 revoked at the master’s will. No ex
 traordinary service of the slave, except
 in North Carolina, would be held a
 good consideration” and sufficient to
 bind the bargain, In some States, as
 Maryland and Virginia, in fact—no
 person under thirty nor over five-and
 forty can be emancipated.
 Take all the slave-laws of the United
 States together, consider the Race that
 has made them, their Religion, the Po
 litical ideas of their government, that it
 is in the nineteenth century after
 Christ, and they form the most revolting
 work of legislation to be found in the
 annals of any pacific people. The codes
 of the Barbarians who sat on the ruins
 of the Roman Empire—the Burgun
 dians, Bavarians, the Ailcmanni, with
 the Visgoths and their Northern kin—
 have left enactments certainly more ter
 rible in themselves. Rut the darkness
 of that period shrouds all those bar
 barian legislations in a general and
 homogeneous gloom; and here, it is
 “the freest and most enlightened na
 tion of the world,” who keeps, ex
 tends and intensifies the dreadful stat
 utes which make men only things, binds
 and sells them as brute cattle. In
 110), the Council of London decreed,
 that hereafter no one shall presume
 to. carry on the nefarions business in
 which, hitherto, men in England are
 wont to be sold as brute beasts.” The
 churches of America have no voice ol
 rebuke—no word of entreaty when
 Christian Clergymen sell their brothers
 in the market. The flag of America and
 the majesty of the law defends that
 “business,” which the Anglo-Saxon
 Bishops, seven hundred and forty-five
 years ago, looked on as nefarious,”
 JVt'farium A‘cgotinm. M. de Tocque
 villc regarded the American slave-code
 ijs Legislation stained by unparalleled
 atrocities; Legislation which forbids the
 slaves to be taught to read and
 write, and which aims to sink them as
 nearly as possible to the level of the
 nines.”
 The effect of slavery appears
 general legislation of the South. In
 iVisdom and Humanity it is far behind
 he North. It is there that laws are
 most bloody; punishments most bar
 barous and vindictive; that irregular
 violence takes most often the place of
 legal procedure; that equity is least
 &lt;ure even for the free whites them
 selves. One end of the slave’s chain
 is round the master’s neck. “Justice,”
 says the proverb, “has feet of wool,
 but iron hands. The slave-driver’s
 whip and the bowie-knife of the Ame
 rican have a near relation.
 Some of the Southern States have
 enacted remarkable laws to this effect:
 That when any free negro or person ol
 color arrives in any vessel at a South
 ern port, lie shall be shut up in prison
 until the departure of the vessel, the
 owner of the vessel paying the costs.—
 By this law the free citizens of the free
 States arc continually imprisoned in
 South Carolina and Louisiana. ’Phis
 is not only a violation of the Constitu
 tion of the United States, but it is con
 trary to the common customs of Chris
 tian nations; a law without a parallel
 in their codes; a result which Gouver
 neur Morris did not anticipate in
 1787, when he made his satirical cal
 culation of the value of the Union to
 the North.
 The iniquity of the code of the slave
 States has passed into some enactments
 of the general government of the Union.
 In 1793, a luw was made by Congress
 to this effect: A fugitive slave escaping
 into a free State—and consequently anv
 man claimed to be such—may he seized
 by the master or his agent, and carried
 back to slavery without the intervention
 of a Trial by Jury to determine whether
 he man is a slave—simply by a trial
 oefore any Judge of the circuit or
 Jistrict courts of the United States re
 dding or being within the State, or be
 fore any magistrate of the county, city
 or town corporate where such seizure
 or arrest shall be made.” The proof
 required that the man is a slave is by
 oral testimony or affidavit” of the
 parties interested in the man’s capture.
 This is a departure from the Customs
 of your Fathers; —a departure which
 the Common Law of England would
 not justify at any time since the Norman
 conquest. The Trial by Jury has been
 regarded the groat Safeguard of per
 sonal Freedom; even in the dark ages
 of English law it was the Right of ev
 ery man, of every fugitive slave, when
 his person was iu peril. Had n slave
 escaped, with ins children, and remain
 ed some time a freeman —slutu liber:
 did the master find the children ami
 not the father, he could not hold them
 till he caught the father, and by a jury
 trial proved his claim! In the United
 States, the laws do not favor liberty in
 case of men born with African blood in
 their veins.
 The power of the general govern
 ment has been continually exercised
 igainst this class of Americans. It
 pursues them after they have taken
 refuge with the Indians; it has sullied
 [he American name by vainly asking
 the Monarch of England to deliver up
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF OS AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
i! fugitive American litres who had fled
 r j (o Canada and sought freedom under
 her flag.
 J The federal government established
 J slavery in the District of Columbia, in
 i various Territories, and approved the
 constitutions of eight new States which
 aim to perpetuate the institution.
 J For a long time the House of Repre
 sentatives refused to receive ell peti
 S tions, memorials, resolutions and propo
 »1 sitions relating in aoy way or to any
 extent whatever to the subject of sla
 l very.” Thus have the 4 unalienable
 rights” of man been trampled under
 foot by the government of the most
 powerful Republic in the world. But
 i last summer, in the city of Washing
 ton, two women were sold as slaves,
 on account of the United States of
 America, by her marshal, at public
 auction!
 But let us look at the Political Effect*
 of slaveiy. The existence of 3,000,-
 000 slaves in the heart of the nation,
 with interests hostile to their masters,
 weaken the effective force of the nation
 in time of war. It was found to be so
 in the revolution and in the late war.
 The slave States offer a most vulnera
 ble point of attack. Let an enemy of
 fer freedom to all the slaves who would
 join the standard—they will And “in
 every negro a decided friend,” and the
 South could not stand with millions of
 foes scattered through all parts of her
 territory. Have the slaves no arms
 I There are firebrands on every hearth.
 During the revolution many thousands
 escaped from South Carolina alone.—
 At the conclusion of the last war with
 England, she offered to pay $1,204,-
 000 as the value of the slaves who, in
 a brief period, had taken shelter be
 neath her flag. What if England had
 armed them as soldiers, to ravage the
 country and burn the towns Will a
 future enemy be so reluctant? The
 feeling of the civilized world revolts at
 our inhumanity. Tlte English, for
 reasons no longer existing, took little
 pains to avail themselves of the weapon
 thus thrust in their hands. In the time
 of our troubles with France, when war
 was expected, General Washington had
 serious apprehensions from this source.
 Even in 1756, During the French war,
 Governor Dinwiddie, of Virginia, did
 not “dare venture to part with any
 of our white men at any distance, as we
 must have a wathful eye over our negro
 slaves.”
 The Revolutionary war showed the
 respective military abilities of North
 and South, and their respective devo
 tion to their country’s cause. It is not
 easy, perhaps not possible to ascertain
 the sums of money furnished by the
 particular States, for the purposes of
 that war; the number of men it is easy
 to learn. Taking the census of 1790
 as the standard, the six slave States
 had a free population of 1,852,504, or,
 including Kentucky and Tennessee,
 1,961,372. Let us suppose, that du
 ring the Revolution,from 1775 to 1783,
 the number was but two-thirds as great,
 or 1,307,549. In those States, there
 were 657,527 slaves, all the other
 States had likewise slaves; hut in New
 England there were but 3,888, their in
 fluence quite inconsiderable in military
 affairs. Let us therefore compare the
 number of men furnished for the war
 by New England and the six slave
 States. In 1790 the population of New
 England was 1,009,8*23. But let us
 suppose, as before, that from 1775 to
 1783, it was, on an average, but two
 thirds as large, or 673,215. During
 the nine years of the Revolutionary
 war, New England furnished for the
 continental army 119,305 men; while
 the slave States, with a free population
 of 1,307,549, furnished but 59,336 men
 for the continental army. Besides that,
 fhe slave States furnished 10,123 militia
 men, and New England 29,324.
 Let us compare a slave State and a
 free one, of about equal population.—
 In 1790, South Carolina contained
 249,073 persons; Connecticut 238,141.
 Supposing the population, during the
 war, only two-thirds as great as in 1790,
 then South Carolina contained 166,018,
 and Connecticut 158,760 persons.
 During the nine years of the war, S.
 Carolina sent 6,417 soldiers to the
 continental army, and Connecticut 32,-
 D 39 In 1790, Massachusetts contained
 175,257 souls; during the Revolution,
 according to the above ratio, 316,838.
 While the six slave States, with their
 free population of 1,307,549, furnished
 [&gt;ut 59,336 soldiers for the continental
 irmy, and 10,123 militia men, Massa
 chusetts atone sent 68,007 soldiers to
 he continental army and 15,155 militia,
 rhus shoulder to shoulder Massachu
 setts and South Carolina went through
 he Revolution, and felt the great arm
 &gt;f Washington lean on them both for
 tupport.
 By the Constitution of the United
 states, in the apportionment of repre
 lentatives to Congress, five slaves
 count the same os three freemen. This
 s a provision unknown in former na
 ional codes, resting on a principle un
 lemocratic, detrimental to liberty, and
 titherto unheard of: the principle of
 dlowing parts of a nation political
 ►ower in proportion to the number of
 nen which they hold in bondage. It
 vould have astonished the Heathen
 Jemocracry of Athens long centuries
 igo. By this arrangement, from 1789
 o 1792, (he South gained seven repre
 sentatives in the first Congress; from
 1795 to 1813 —fourteen; from 1813 to
 1823 nineteen; from 10*23 to 1033
 twenty-two from 1833 to 1013
 -twenty-five. By the la* apportion
 nent bill, one representative is allowed
 or 70,600 freemen, or a proportionate
 lumber of slaves. By this arrange
 nent, in a House of only 225 members
 he South gains 20 representatives on
 iccount of her slave*—more than 1-12
 »f the whole*
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1848,
At present, the North ku 138 rspre
 sentativee for 9,728,922 souls; or 9,-
 727,893 free men; one representative
 for each 70,492 free men. The South
 has 87 representatives. There are
 within the slave States, 4,818,195 tree
 men; they have one representative for
 I each 55,725 free persons.
 In the next Presidential election, the
 North will have 100 electoral voles:
 the South 117. The North baa an
 electoral vote for each5*2,576 free men;
 the South one for each 41 t 436. Part
 of this difference is due to the fact that
 in the South there are several small
 States. But twenty electoral votes are
 given by the South on account of her
 property in slaves. Bui if slaves are
 merely property, there is no reason why
 Southern Negroes should be represent
 ed in Congress more than the Spindles
 of the North.
 But the South pays direct taxes for
 her slaves in the same proportion. A
 direct tax has been resorted to only four
 times since 1789 by the general govern
 ment, viz: in 1798, 1813, 1814, and
 1816. The whole amount assessed is
 $14,000,000. Of this about $12,750,-
 000 was actually paid into the treasury
 of the United States, though part in
 depreciated currency. Of that the
 South paid for her slaves, if the com
 putation be correct, only $1,256,553.
 In 1837, the surpttis revenue of the
 Union, amounting to $37,468,859 97,
 was distributed among the several
 States in proportion to their electoral
 votes. By the census of 1830, the
 North had 7,009,451 free persons, and
 the South but 3,823,289. The free
 States received $21,410,777 12, and
 the slave States $16,058,082 85.
 Each free man of the North received
 but $3 05, while each free man of the
 South received $4 20 in that division.
 At that time the South had one hun
 dred and twenty-six electoral votes, of
 which twenty-five were on account of
 her slave representation. She there
 fore received by that arrangement,
 $3,186,127 59 on account of the repre
 sentation of her slaves. JProm that, il
 we deduct the $1,256,553 paid by her
 her as direct taxes on her slaves, there
 is left $1,929,574 50, as the bonus
 which the South has received from the
 treasury of the nation on account of the
 representation of slaves—Southern pro
 perty represented in Congress. To
 this we must add $57,556, which the
 South received ih 1812 from the sale of
 public land on account of her slaves,
 the sum is $1,987,130 50 Mr. Pinck
 ney was right when he said the terms
 were not bad for the South.
 Slavery divei|s the freeman from In
 dustry, from Science, from Letters and
 the Elegant Arts. It has been said to
 qualify him for politics. As political
 matters have been managed in the Uni
 ted States in this century, the remark
 seems justified by the facts. Elections
 are not accidents. Of the eight Presi
 dents elected in the nineteenth century,
 six were born in the South—children
 of the slave States. No Northern mau
 has ever twice been elected to the
 highest office of the nation. A similar
 result appears in the appointment of
 important officers by the President him*
 self. From 1789 to 1815, one hundred
 and seventy appointments were made of
 ministers and charges to foreign pow
 ers; of these, seventy-eight were filled
 from the North, 92 from the South.—
 Of the seventy-four ministers plenipo
 tentiary sent to Europe before 1846,
 forty-three were from the slave States.
 There have been fifteen judges of the
 Supreme Court from the North; eigh
 teen from the South. The office of
 Attorney General has been four times
 filled by Northern men, fourteen times
 by men from the slave States. Out of
 thirty Congresses, eleven only have
 had a Speaker from the North. There
 are significant facts, and plainly show
 the aptitude of Southern men to manage
 the political affairs of America. These
 are pilots for fair weather; pilots also
 only trusted in a storm.
 EXTRACT,
 From the Speerh of Gerrit SMITH, delivered in
 Kyranue, Janu.try 26, 1648, on. Land Reform.
 Happy, thrice happy, will it be,when
 land shall be no more bought and sold
 —w hen, like salvation, it shall be free,
 without money and.without price! —and
 when every person shall have his own
 needed share, neither more nor less, of
 his mother earth! How much more
 equal than now will be the circum
 stances of men and the wealth of men,
 when the prophetically foretold happy
 period shall have arrived, and every
 man shall sit under his own vine and,
 fig tree—or, in other words, have his
 own home to dwell in. How much|
 more common and honorable then, than
 now, w’ill be manual toil! How much
 less generalthe system of wages, w ith all
 its attendant degradation and unhappy
 bearings! How much more general,
 then, than now, will be the spirit of
 manly independence! How much weak
 ened the feign of vice! How much j
 strengthened the reign of virtue! How j
 much more common will be early m&amp;r-j
 riages, when invited by a free soil,than
 w hen delayed, as now, by the necessity
 of earning money to pay for land!—j
 Then, too, there will be no slavery.— j
 Before the reduced-to-practice theories
 of land-reform, slavery would disap- 1
 pear as surely, and as speedily, as tJae j
 mists of morning before the rising ana. j
 Apportion the soil equally among its,
 equal owners, and where would there!
 be room for slavery. You could not'
 work it in even edgewise. Often, within
 the last few years, has ay heart ached,
 when I have heard abolitionists speak
 contemptuously of land-reform. They
 know not what it t*of which they speak
 contemptuously. They know not that
 it is one of the moat effective anti-ala
 very measures most effective, got
 only to ovarthro# present rfwery, bat
 to prevent, and make impossible, its
suscitation and re petition. And then, I
 too, bow difficult it will be to carry on
 war— t(y indeed, tbe ipirit of war shall;
 bo able to survive such a demonstration
 of practical justice, and such a recog
 nition of the equality and brotherhood
 of men, as the success of land-reform
 will be. I say, bow difficult it will be
 to carry on war! for then few will be
 without homes: and you cannot draw
 men from the substantial comforts of
 home to the uohooored and poorly-paid
 services of private soldiers. War finds
 its recruits among tbe homeless
 among vagabonds. Then, too, what a
 victory for the cause of temperance!—
 for intemperance, as well as war, finds j
 its recruits among tbe homeless—;
 among vagabonds. Then, too, what a
 victory for Religion! when millions,
 now robbed of homes by systems of
 land-monopoly, shall have homes to
 thank God for; and homes in which to
 cultivate the home-bred virtues, and
 the sweat and solid enjoyments of reli
 gion.
 One thing more ere I close. We all
 love to perform the offices of every-day
 charity. We ail love to feed the hungry
 and clothe the naked; and none of us
 can turn the destitute beggar empty
 away. Nevertheless, such charity,
 notwithstanding we cannot refrain from
 indulging in it, is not free from the most
 pernicious effects. It cures not, and it
 often aggravates the disease to which
 it ministers. Its temporary relief is but
 too generally followed by permanent in
 jury. How much better to provide the
 poor with homes; or, to speak more
 correctly, to let them provide them
 selves with homes upon their own God
 given shares of this goodly green earth,
 than, by robbing them of these shares,
 to keep them mendicants, and to hold
 them in dependence upon our charity!
 Delivered from this dependence, by
 having —as they would have had they
 homes—the means of subsistence within
 themselves, they are no longer a burden
 upon the community, and no longer a
 shame to themselves, They are no
 longer degraded, either in the eyes of
 others or in their own eyes. The world
 respects them. They respect them
 selves. They are in circumstances to
 be both useful and happy.
 Deep and dependant poverty is a
 great evil,’ if only because it is so de
 structive of independence of spirit. I
 think it is Doctor Franklin who says in
 reference to the cringing, servile spirit,
 which is so wont to characterize the
 very poor man: How difficult it is to
 make an empty hag stand up straight!”
 Among the poorest of men, there are,
 indeed, some of the noblest specimens
 of manhood; for the very poor man,
 who, amid the numerous and mighty
 temptations to compromise his irme
 pendence of spirit, yet maintains it, is,
 assuredly, above all praise. Neverthe
 less, it must he admitted, that the de
 pendence created by deep poverty, is
 much in the way, and very citen fatally
 in the way, of the maintenance of an
 independent spirit. How unhappy then
 —how worthy of all condemnation—
 are the laws, arrangements, usages,
 which have the effect to multiply the
 deeply poor!
 Let, then, the soil be free!—be free,
 as God made it free! This is the grand
 remedy for poverty. For this, instead
 of leaving the poor under the necessity
 of being ever helped, and of, therefore,
 being ever poor, enables them to help
 themselves, and to emerge from their
 poverty.
 We are not doing our whole or even
 our chief duty to the poor, when we
 tielp the poor. Even proud aristocracy
 mill consent to help the poor. Nay, it
 abounds in self-complacent and gra
 ;ious condescensions to the poor. But
 t will not let the poor come up by its
 ride and help themselves. Our great
 luty to the poor is to remove from their
 vay the obstructions which false social
 arrangements have thrown into it; and
 o suffer them to rise to that one level of
 nanhood from which they have been so
 rruelly thrust down; and to welcome
 hem into that brotherhood in which ev
 ;ry human being is entitled to a place,
 md to an equal place with every other
 turn an being.
 THE EMPLOYMENT OF TIME.
 Zrtraftfmmm hetun by Charles Scant* t
 I have lost a day,” was the excla-j
 nation of an Emperor of ancient Rome, I
 ‘for to-day I have done no good
 hing.” The Arch of Titus still re-
 nains a monument of his renown, but
 he memorable words altered by him,
 confer more lasting honor on fits name
 han ail tbe high and glorious deeds
 vhich tbe arch commemorates. The
 lay was not lost on which the above,
 ecorded words were spoken. They;
 ire a lesson to all coining centuries
 dike to the young and old, and should
 le deeply pondered.
 The subject of this lecture may be
 teemed trite and homely, but it pos
 esses a practical character. The value
 *f time was one of tbe first lessons
 aught us, on our mother’s knee. Tbe;
 id vice of poor Richard was to be (band
 •noted in almanacs, oa handkerchiefs j
 -was furnished us as copy, whea
 Baking oar first attempts with the pea
 —it has passed into an exhortation
 o all to a right employment of time—
 t has also passed into a proverb, that
 ime is money, inasmuch as a right em
 doyment of time brings money-- so is
 jm» knowledge, virtue, and ft is little
 redd able to the world that the proverb
 thotiid take so pecuniary a aomplexion.
 ftnM is more than money. A right
 tse of it reveals to as aU the knowl
 edge of tbs past, which no gold can
 wrehase, and shows to os tbe welfare
 ind progress of our race. Time is op*
 KMtunity, because it affords to ns the
 Mas of doing good—it is the point
 n which the philosopher %J«td rest his
lever, with which to move the world.—
 The employment of tine to the best ad
 vantage, the only exercise of trm
 thrill. Take care of the cents and the
 dollars will take care of themselves, h
 has been said; with as much, if not
 more truth, it may be said, take care
 of the minutes and hours, and the days
 aed weeks will take care of themselves.
 Every moment that passes takes from
 the future* and gives to the irrevocable
 past, takes from our means of useful
 ness—loss of time, then, is loss of life
 —is partial suicide. A daily sacrifice
 of one hour for a year, amounts to 38
 days in that time. Let any one devote
 these days to the prosecution of any fa
 vorite work, and see what an acquisi
 tion he will make in the month.
 An eminent French jurist stated that
 ha wrote one of his celebrated works in
 the quarters of an hour between or
 dering dinner and its being set before
 him. Napoleon once ordered one of
 hm generals to attack a point, observ
 ing a reiuforceinent of the enemy ad
 vancing to succor it—to the officer be
 said, it w ill take them fifteen minutes
 to reach the point, and 1 have often
 found that it is these same fifteen min
 utes that win the field.* 1
 I will illustrate my remarks by call
 ing to remembrance the lives of some
 of the most eminent men of our own
 time, who might be considered the re
 presentative men of human industry.—
 The lecturer here referred to some ol
 the particulars of the life of Franklin,
 in illustration of his untiring industry.
 His talisman was industry: and his au
 tobiography of his studies one of the
 most remarkable of the productions ol
 our language. It teaches an invalua
 ble lesson to the young, in the en
 couragement it affords to the student
 struggling along the weary paths of
 life. It is to be regretted that Frank
 lin’s teachings did not exhibit a more
 spiritual tendency they are too ma
 terial—the love of the dollar is their
 predominant characteristic. Edward
 Gibbon, the cotemporary of Franklin,
 furnishes another instance of what de
 voted industry will accomplish. He
 also has left an autobiography of his
 studies, which furnishes a most useful
 lesson of labor and study.
 illiam Cobbett, of our own times,
 who died in 1835, aged about seventy
 three, has also left on record his testi
 mony to the value of the right employ
 ment of time. He was one of the most
 remarkable men that England ever pro
 duced. At the age of twenty he ran
 away from his father, who was a farm
 er, became a copying clerk, enlisted us
 a private soldier in the army, came w'ith
 his regiment from Nova Scotia, was
 promoted for his. good conduct to the
 rank of Corporal, finally to Sergeant
 Major,—returned to England in 1792,
 when he obtained his discharge. He
 then came to the United States, be
 came a bookseller, publisher, author,
 and wholesale libeller—his writings, un
 der the name of Peter Porcupine, are
 well known to our countrymen. To
 escape two heavy judgments hanging
 over him, he fled to England, to com
 mence again his career of libel. He
 attached himself to the party of Pitt,
 and was the worst tory of them all.
 His letters on the Treaty of Amiens
 were pronounced by a Swiss historian,
 as among the most eloquent productions
 extant. He established his Weekly
 Register,” and from a furious Tory he
 became a furious Radical, and wrote
 with all the hardihood of a pirate. He
 was convicted of libel, fined, and suf
 fered two years’ imprisonment this
 punishment he never forgot nor for
 gave. He circulated the enormous
 number of 100,000 copi sof his Re
 gister.” In 1817, he withdrew to the
 United States—returned again to Eng-:
 land in 1819—as late as the year 1831, j
 he was brought to the bar of court, for*
 the eighth time, charged with libel—in
 1832 he was elected to Parliament, and;
 served till his death in 1835. He was
 the most energetic of writers, the fore
 most of haters, and the paragon of turn
 coats. While in the army, and writing
 a fair hand he was made copyist to the
 commandant of the station—not know
 ing anything of grammar, he made fre
 quent mistakes. The officer, perceiv
 ing that be possessed ability, advised
 him to procure a grammar and study.
 Cobbett procured his grammar and:
 learned it by heart. He states that
 when mounting guard, he made it a
 rule io repeat liis grammar once while 1
 on duty. If sentinels had nothing
 worse to do than to repeat their gram
 mars, they would not be unprofitable
 employed. Place a grammar in tbei
 hands of every soldier, and vtn would
 become less frequent. “Terrible as
 an army with banners,” would give 1
 place to “terrible as an army with
 grammars.” Cobbett said that nobody
 or thing waited for him. If be was to
 mount guard at 10, he was ready at 10
 o’clock. He rose at 4A. M., dressed
 himself even to placing his sword-belt 1
 over his shoulder, with his sword on
 the table before him. He then received
 the reports of the company as
 were ha ded to him, a ad had after- 1
 wards some hour or so for reading and
 study before the out-door duty of the
 day commenced. After he left the
 army, he was accustomed to rise at
 daylight in summer, and at 4 A. M. iu
 winter, read or study till 8, when he
 breakfasted—he then employed him
 self during the remainder of the day.
 He rarely took bat two meals a day,
 end seldom ate any meal after 1 P. M.
 He retired at BP. M. He was one of
 the most voluminous writers extant.
 C übbett and Scott resembled each other
 iin their industry, aad in their volutes
 i nous product! ms, hut not in the objects
 |fcv which they wrote.
 Sit Welter Scott was, like Cobbett,
 ooe of (he most striking instances of
 •hat may be accomplished by regular
WILLUM C. &gt;fXL,
 JOHN DICK, Klimt.
WHOLE NO—XVII.
J of industry. writing*
 •re now almost forgotten; and it i*
 j“ ®7 P®»s*ble that the world which
 haa dwwiifleed Cobbett, will long re
 j ®**n»ber Scott. Life to one *»t a gala
 *he other a stern reality. Scott
 lived in the past, Cobbett in "the prea
 ent; but on neither had hope scattered
 the delights of an unborn period,
 flow time is to be apportioned so as
 jJ” the best results, it is nnpossi
 hle to calculate; but in its employment
 w ill be found a sure means of happi
 ness, and in useful industry its own re
 ward. The great duty is" the cultiva
 tion of all the faculties, and the ar
 rangement of time so that none shall bo
 neglected. All the faculties arc given or
 are all equally entitled to
 cultivation. Tii the mere man of busi
 ness, for instance, the man himself is
 lost; he is not w hat he was intended to
 be when stamped with the great seal of
 hnmanity. We deride the pedant, and
 Dominie Sampson affords a most ex
 cellent beacon. There are, however,
 many Dominic Samsons—the merchant,
 who thinks of naught but his cottons
 and sugars: the lawyer, whose mind is
 only continent of w rits and contracts,the
 fanner,w hose w hole soul is in his crops,
 all are Dominie Sampsons in their way,
 and in devoting their whole attention to
 one thing, they lose the highest attri
 butes ol man. The debt which a man
 owes to his profession is not to be paid
 to the exclusion of all others. Man is
 not born w ith all his capacities to fol
 low a profession or trade only. I would
 by no means wish to weaken the at
 tachment which we feel to the business
 of our choice, but only to enliven and
 elevate the man by attention to other
 I pursuits. W ith industry the way is
 easy.
 ADDRESS
 Of the Jnhnlitants of Carlisle, England, in 1541U14
 Muting touumlltd, to their BrttUnn in Emmett
 We, being convened for the purpose
 of petitioning our legislature not to in
 crease the Ai my, nor in any measure
 to augment, but rather to diminish the
 national expenditure, and also to settle
 international disputes by the decision
 of a court of arbitration, rather than
 by an appeal to the sword, embrace
 the present opportunity of expressing
 our sympathy and brotherly feelings
 with you under your present circum
 stances.
 The oppressive burden of taxation
 for the maintenance of wnrtiors and for
 the fortifications of War, have been felt
 by both us and you. We therefore
 entertain a growing conviction, that by
 free communication and neighborly in- v
 ter course, we fihall hasten tb* arrival
 of the period when &lt;bmp ruler* tftil Mr
 longer sacrifice our Christianity to th*
 imaginary possibility (tf invading each
 others territory. Most deeply do wa
 sympathise with you in your struggle
 for righteous laws, and civil and reli
 gious liberty; and we hope that all
 attempts to sow the seeds of jealousy
 between us w ill be regarded as the act
 of a common enemy. Whilst the won
 derful agencies of steam and electricity
 are almost bringing our two countries
 j within speaking distance, let our hearts
 I also draw near to each other in tho
 1 communion and fellowship of true
 neighbors and friends, feeling the bond
 of a universal brotherhood.
 Brethren of France! If in past times
 our forefathers forgot that they were
 neighbors and brethren, now when a
 generation of peace between us ha*
 promoted the harmony and blessedness
 of this relation; let no bitterness pain
 us, no jealousy divide; but let us unite
 in diffusing the blessings of knowledge
 aud Christianity throughout the world.
 Let us inscribe upon our banners tho
 motto of the Prince of Peace. Let tho
 eagle and the lion he replaced by the
 dove and the lamb; aud for the future,
 and for ever, let us eradicate from our
 minds every feeling of bitterness which
 would destroy the mutual faith and
 confidence of international friendship.
 Signed on behalf of the Meeting, by
 JONATHAN D. CARR,
 Chairman.
 RICIXITH OF WOJttEN.
 We observed with much pleasure
 that a bill to protect women in the en
 joyment of their own property, has pass
 ed both Houses of oug Legislature.-
 This measure is eminently just and
 wise, and was loudly called for by pub
 lic sentiment. The new law re ads
 thus:—
 I. The real atul personal property
 of any female w ho may hereafter marry,
 and w hich she shall own at the time of
 marriage, and the rents, issues, and
 profits thereof, shall not be subject to
 the disposal of her hnsband, nor be lia
 ble for hi* debts, and shall continue her
 sole and separate property.
 ‘i. The real aud personal property,
 and the rents, issues, and profits thereof,
 of any female now married, shall not
 l&gt;e subject to the disposal other bus baud,
 but shall be her sole and separate pro
 perty, a* if she Were a single female,
 except so far as the same may be liable
 for the debts of her husband heretofore
 contracted.
 3. It shall be lawful for any mar
 ried female to receive by gift, grant, de
 vise or bequest, from any person other
 than her husband, and hold to her whole
 and separate use, as if she were
 single female, real and personal proper
 ty, and the rents, iseoes, and profits
 thereof, and the same *ball not be sub
 ject to the disposal of her husband, nor
 be liftble for bin debts.
 4 4. AM contracts made between,
 persons in eoairmpJale** marriage 9
 .hall remain in f*B
 marriage shall take place.
 Remember the slave at the Sotftfc,
 and strive to free bun from hi* bou4»
