No tier a.-
&amp;J-NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDER^'.**
 rorßTEE!fl*fi^A*SftftS*AßY
 Of the lac rlcai Utt-SUrery Society.
 Th? Fourteenth Annual Meeting of
 Am iricx.i Anti-Slavery Society, will be held
 in the Broadway Tabernacle, New York, on
 Tuesday, the Ninth Day of May, at 10
 o’clock, A. M.
 The present of public a (Taira in thi*
 eoantry, should ttwke this meeting one of
 marc than usual lisjwrtincc and interest. The
 South *m boundary of American Slavery,
 which, since Society was formed, haa
 been removed from the Sabine to the Nueces,
 it w now proposed by its gaardiam to remove
 still further into the free territory of a sister
 Republic. We hare httlc reason to expect
 a more favorable termination to the two years*
 war waged, at an enormous expense of blood
 and treasure, for the sole purpose of extending
 the worst system of human bondage by con
 quest. Whether the Abolitionists of the
 country can arrest the perpetration of thu
 Stupendous national crime, or not, it is no lew
 tluur duly to make the effort. The lasi
 public protest they may have the opportunity
 to record against it, should he earnest aw
 unanimous.
 The necessity of the moment should als&lt;
 remind us of how much of the work is still ti
 hi* done, which this Society, fourteen year
 ago, resolved to do. Since its formation, Sla
 very has not been abolished in a single St at:
 ol the Union. A nulUun mure of ourcoun
 (ryin-ui have been bom to the lot of slaves.—
 But that this Society and its auxiliaries havi
 aroused, to a certain degree, a universal Anti
 Slavery sentiment at the North, and havi
 ainde the topic one of absorbing interns
 throughout the country, is the best evidena
 of the wisdom of their measures, and shouh
 be the strongest incentive to still inure strenu
 ous and self-denying toil.
 3 The old and trieJ friends of the cause
 and those who have been but recent!'
 aroused to the necessity of the overthrow o
 the felon system of American Slavery, an
 urged to make of tins meeting a grand rail’
 for freedom.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prcs’t
 Wendell Phillips,
 S. 11. Gay, Secretaries.
 (WESTER* NEW YORK ANTI
 SLAVERY SOCIETY.
 The Executive Committee will meet 01
 Tuesday evening next, April 25th, at tin
 Anti-Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at 7 o'clock pre
 cisely.
 W, C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
 National Convention of the Liberty
 League.
 The undersigned committee appointed at
 Macedoa Locks in June last to call a Na
 tional Convention some lime in the year 1848,”
 do invite Those who wish to provide equal
 civil securities for the rights of all men,” to
 im?t in Convention at the city of Rochester,
 on the 31st day of May next, at 10 o’clock
 A. M., for the purpose of nominating a can
 didate for the Vice Presidency, and the trans
 action of such oilier business as may come
 before the convention.
 The convention will be held two days.
 E. S. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. R. Smith,
 A. Penn el,
 Hiram Pitts,
 National Com. of the Liberty League.
 Honloye, Fob. 29, 1848.
 State League Convention.
 A mass convention for the nomination of
 State o.beers, to he supported by the Liberty
 League at the ensuing fall election, will be
 bold *:i at Rochester on the second day of June
 next, at 10o’clock A. M.
 Let our friends see to it that the various
 parts ol the State are well represented.
 E. S. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. R. Smith,
 Hiram Pitts,
 A. Penn el.
 Central Com. of the Liberty League.
 lloneoye, Feb. 29tli, 1848.
 Notice. —Messrs. E. R. Dunlop and S. 11.
 Day, arc not agents for the Colored people of
 Upper Canada, as is generally supposed and
 if they have collected money in their name, it
 has been done on their own resjKmsibility,
 and not of the British American Abolition
 Society in the city of Toronto. Mr. Dunlop
 was dismissed from his agency for said society,
 on the first day of December, 1847. Mr.
 Dunlop was sent out with Mr. Day, for the,
 sole purpose of getting signers to establish a
 paper in the city of Turoato.
 In behalf of the Executive Committee of
 the D. A. A. Society,
 CHARLES FREEMAN, See.
 April 21, lbl7.
 French Revolution.
 The special meeting of the American Anti-
 Slavery Society, was held in Boston on the
 evening of the 6th April, at the Mdodoon.
 At haH' past seven the chair was
 taken by Win. Lloyd Garrison, President of
 the Society.
 Mr. Garrison stated the obj *ct of the meet
 ing, and suiJ we had met to offer our con
 gr.uuUlimis to the French nation, on the fact
 that not a vestige of Royalty remained in their
 land, (cheers,) and that among their very first
 efforU iu behalf o*’liberty, was the Decree for
 the A kiiitioa of Slavery in their Colouies.
 (Renewed cheering from the large audience
 which filbd the spacious building.)
 The follow ing Resolutions were read to the
 nueting by Edmund Q uuey, of Dedham.
 1. Re?-&gt;!ved. 'Hut the magnanimous con
 sistency of the French people in using the
 first ino.nmt of their own lib-rty, to extend
 to every human being within the limn* of the
 Reputdic, the blessings winch they had just
 gained for themselves, ts without a parallel in
 the history of the world, and deserves the grate
 ful admiration of ovary Lover of justice and
 humanity.
 Wr.2. R*S'»lved, That we especially rejoice
 in this set, a» it frees the name of K’-pubbe
 from the odium which the incousisteucy of
 Awnca has heap' d upon it, aud Wf-sses the
 world with the sight of a Republic without a
 Slave; and are glad that th- humanity of a
 gensroua p3op!« bo* stamj»ed with deserved
 opprobrium the infamous dogma of human
 slavery being the only com-r-stone of free trv
 stipitions a id that European progress and
 Itbar'y are no longer to be chillod by th- bale
 ful influence of American hypocrisy, a Despo
 tism in thu mask of a Republic but that note,
 at I in, the friandsiof popular righto may dis
 p/1 th -tr own doubts, and laugh to scorn the
 uuuts of their opponents in the gful light ol
 the n hleness and virtue of a true Republic.
 3„ ttv*olr«d. Thw. a# American A bob
tionists, we reioim to assure the countrymen
 of De BmgUc,j»*lnstaflt Bray, an 4
 ette, that their Decree of Euttaeipatioo #tU
 make rm the dk»nt of Caraftna lighter, hud
 hasten the day »lw» *"il be untrod
 den bv a slave, ami we too shall be worthy to
 take ouf pbee RepgMfca, bafow those
 m wheut see ought to hare Jboea am example
 and modal.
 4. Resolved, That the cold and reluct mat i
 norioe taken of thia Decree against Slavery
 hr the great body of the political journals of j
 this country, and its entire sopprewios by
 some of them, afford melancholly proof of the
 decline of the spirit of Freedom amoogat us,
 and of the fearful extent to which Slavery
 has infected every part of the land.
 5. Resolved, That remembtring the noble
 Protest so frequently addressed by Fayette to
 Clarkson, —“l never would have drawn my
 sword in the cause of America if I could have
 conceived I was helping to found a Govern
 ment of Slavery,”—we recognize ia thia act
 a fitting tribute to the memory of the most il
 lustriously virtuous of Frenchmen, and ooe of
 the earliest opponents of negro slavery that
 wr a thank the rVench people for the silent re
 buke their example gives to a nation which
 has proved itiHf so unworthy of the generous
 confidence of Fayette,—and invoke the influ
 ence, not only of their example, but of their
 national protest and remonstrance to aid ua in
 a deadlier struggle than even that w hich his
 impetuous enthusiasm rush ad to share.
 C. R&lt; solved, That, as Republicans, we
 are prmid to remember that in France the
 hour of popular triumph has always been the
 hour of the Negro's hope, that with the peo
 pie Ire has always prospered, and only with
 the right# of the people thems/lt es have his
 rights been stricken down.
 7. Resolved, That, confident in the belief
 that the b! rasing of Heaven rests on justice,
 and that the stricter right is always the high
 est expediency, we an: full of hope for a peo
 f»le whose hour of victory was marked by
 moderation and humanity, whom not eveu
 broken pledges and outraged Constitutions
 could anger to revenge, aud who in the hour
 of triumph and strength have meted out to all
 others the rights they had claimed for them
 fj selves, recognizing the protection of the weak
 as the first and highest duty of all Govern
 menu.
 I The meeting was addressed by W evdell
 Phillips, Theodore Parker, and Willlam
 11. Chanxi.no.
 The following were appointed a Committee
 to forward an Address of Thanks to the
 j. French Government for their noble service
 done to the cause of the slave.”
 i 4
 W. L. Garrison,
 W. 11. Channing,
 M. W. Chapman,
 Edmund Quinrv,
 Samuel G. Howe,'
 Theodore Parker,
 Wendell Phillips.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, President.
 S V U d P Secretaries.
 Tribute to John Qnincjr Adams.
 In addition to the meetings of Colored Amo
 j ricaus in commemoration of Mr. Adams, al
 ready published in the Star, there have been
 similar demonstrations in New York city and
 1 Detroit, Michigan but the crowded state of
 the paper will not admit of their publication
 i at length, a brief selection from the proceed
 ings must suffice. Nothing need be said in
 commendation of the sentiments uttered, or
 the appropriate language in which they have
 been expressed; they sjieak for themselves.—
 Let no pro-slavery traducer of the colored
 man, charge him with ingratitude toward j
 those who in any degree have accelerated the j
 car of Universal Freedom. Hear New York:
 Whereas, We are participants of the glory
 as well as of the shame of our country, it is
 befitting and becoming in us to express oar
 approval or disapprobation of whatever con
 cerns or relates to the glow or shame of the
 same and as the life of lion. John Quincy
 Adams gives evidence of sincere patriotism— j
 of a devotedness to the interests of his coun-
 try—of a sincere desire for the eradication of j
 its curse, Slavery—the acknowledgment ol
 the right of petition—one of the most pre- j
 cious rights of a people, and particularly pre-
 cious to us the oppressed class—therefore, for
 these and many other virtues of his, be it
 Resolved, That the name of John Quincy
 Adams, ex-president of these United States, j
 shall ever be held dear in our memories—re- j
 gardiug him not only as a friend of his coun
 try, but of us the oppressed portion of his
 countrymen.
 Resolved, That in consideration of the po
 sition which Mr. Adams occupied—the con
 necting link between the past and the present
 —the learned, the eloquent, tbe admired of
 the nation—he rendered ail especial service in
 the Arinistad case” by his influence, and
 his able defence of the right of Cinques and
 his associates in asserting and defending their
 liberties.
 Resolved, That as the firm, the untiring,
 the successful advocate of the Right of Peti
 tion in Congress, Mr. Adams earned the good
 wishes and was entitled to the thanks of the
 friends of Freedom.
 Resolved, That a copy of theabove resolu
 tions be sent to the family of the deceased,
 signed by the officers of the meeting also
 that they be published.
 Here is the peroration of an address at De-
 troit, by the Rev. Samuel 11. Davis, and reso
 lutions adopted by the meeting:
 But he lias gone llis work on earth ia
 done he reposes in unbroken slamber, and
 the praises of men are nothing to him now
 They are lost on thecold,dullearofdeath.”
 But his death, like every other event of the j
 kind, furnishes admonitions to the living,
 which ought not to be lost by them. We ate
 again reminded of the vanity of human de-,
 pendence—of the fully of putting confidence 1
 in the wisdom of man, rather than in the
 wisdom and all-powerful agency of God.— i
 Adams is gone, and we must soon follow him f
 to the world of spirits—to the bar of judg-
 incut. Let the living example of feis life call j
 forth our admiration and gratitude, prompt us
 to action, and urge us to do quickly, what we
 have to do for ourselves, our fcllow-racn, and 1
 for our God. I-&lt;et old and young live while j
 they live, not to themselves alone, but for oth
 era as well a* themselves; discharging ah the I
 duties growing out of all the relations of life.:
 Lvt us live prepared fur long life or sudden
 death. Let u» listen to the warning voice i
 which proceed# from the tomb of Adams.—
 And like him, wheu the summons comes,
 may be able to say,—“ Thu u the end s/’ 1
 tarth —Jam composed.”
 On morion, a vote of thanks was tendered
 to the speaker fur the able address delivered, j
 William H. Day, offered the following
 Inasmuch as a great and good man has
 fallen, a nation has cause to mourn and in
 ctromon with our countrymm, wc reverently
 kneel about the bier to pay a last tribute to a I
 Nation's Father, —therefore, be it
 Resolved, Hut though is* efogium of oars
 will wake the sleeper, or add at all to his i
 fain?, —mi th? death of the lloa. John Quincy 1
 Adams, mankind has lust the true cosmopo
 lite, the United States nation its head, the
 cause of liberty tic* able advocate, tbe halls of
 legislation their mock I, the poor the willing
 couusellor, aud the right, tbe atera defender.
 Rasolved, That though as a part of the
 people we heartily join in tbe expression of
 syuijiathj given by our National Ltsrialalurc,
 yet we ourselves, personally, foel to drop a
 tear in the ude of condolence gushing from a
 nation's heart, by icnderrog to Mrs. Adams
 ami family our most sincere sympathy in i
 efibctivc U-reavtniKMil.
 Resolved, That the lion. John Quincy
 Adams, in his n tcumpioutiaing opposition to
 oppression, waa our model mao—and praying
 that tun mar.de may r -at upon ua. wc sweral-
rnk fe each,« Jua kfekma body,
 .bv,, Sri"
 StUKfrre,
 The DvfSit Adraftwer, of SLn* MU,
 111 calls alfentiop fe the above
 \Ve invite attrotioa to the proceedtnga rf
 the colored population of the city of Detroit, in:
 relation to the death of John Quincy Adams
 \lt will prove wo —igm gratification to the
 friends of oar great suiesotaa to reflect that
 hie name will not be forgotten until it shall
 have ceased to he pronounced by that xaee
 whose righto he as aeakmaly advocated.
 A Trfbeie for the lfefiw.*
 bex asks or ni itaa
 Wc am gratified to announce the early pub
 lication of a volume under thia deeignotioo;
 and, especially, that it will emanate from the
 pea we may add, also, Crum the heart—of a
 Ktleman whose feelings and sympathies, no
 than mental powers, so well fit him for
 the task of preparing it. It will be embcl
 j lished with seven steel engravings, and he en
 -1 riehed by aa introductory poem by Mr. Ber
 nard Barton; and the profits will be devoted
 to the Anti-Slavery cause.— Untrtnc.
 It is searqely needful to do more than read
 the prospectus, to be convinced that the vol
 ume is likely to be one of no common interest,
 i both to the Christian and to tbe Philanthro
 pist. Indeed, it seems to promise a high treat
 to the Anti-Slavery public in particular; and,
 from the great labor and cost tbe author has
 bestowed on it, we trust an extensive sale
 awaits its appearance. —British Friend.
 From our acquaintance with (he author of
 the Tribute for the Negro,” we feel ne
 j hesitation in saying that it will be one of deep
 research, as well as of intense interest, being
 jon a subject most intimately connected with
 the happiness or misery of n large portion ol
 the human family. We recommend all oui
 t readers to forward their names as subscribers
 j immediately, by which they will effect a sav*
 I ing of three shillings per volume. 'Tht
 Citizen.
 Extract of a latter from a friend in Massa
 chusetts
 j That Tribute for the Negro will be a
 I good work. When I was in the Weal In
 dies, I frequently heard of Richard Hill,Esq
 jof Jamaica. He was considered the most
 I
 j talented lawyer in the colony. I also heart
 much of a distinguished and eloquent colorec
 'divine of the same island.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 21, 1848.
Our Anti-Slavery Tour,
 \Ye were reluctantly compelled, by press
 ing and unavoidable duties at home, to forego
 the pleasure of attending the meetings, as
 announced last week, to be held at Ithaca.
 They were, however, promptly atteuded by
 our beloved friends Charles Lenox Remond
 and Joseph C. Hathaway. The report which
 I they bring from that quarter is quite as cheer
 ing as that brought from most quarters which
 we have recently visited. They spoke to
 large and interested audiences, and without
 the least disturbance. But a few years ago,
 no people were more ready to mob anti
 slavery lecturers, than those of Ithaca. We
 were there about five years ago, and being
 1 unable to get a house in which to speak—
 meeting-houses and halls being all closed
 against us, and were compelled, if we spoke
 at all, to speak in the open air. Essaying to
 do so, we were attacke J by a mob, and were
 only protected from their bloody assaults, by
 J a heroic brother fugitive, who interposed his
 person between us and our moliocratic assail-1
 1 ams. Those days have now passed, and the
 people of Ithaca are said to be as ready to
 hear on the subject of slavery, as the people;
 j of most other towns.
 Thursday and Friday, 13th and 14th.—We'
 held meetings in the Congregational church
 i at Springport, or Union Springs, as the place
 is sometimes called. There are here many
 Friends, and enough of them appeared at the
 meeting to encourage tbe hope, that that
 society retain among them a few who have
 not defiled their garments, or forgotten the
 early testimonies of their fathers against the
 system of abominations, for the overthrow of
 which we had met to plead. It Was cheering
 to see the plain coat and bonnet dotting the
 whole congregation. It reminded us of the
 Peace and Anti-slavery meetings which we
 have frequently addressed in Great Britain
 and Ireland. In those countries, Friends lake
 the lead in almost all benevolent and reforma
 tory movements, and have no fears of being
 mixed up with the world in doing good; but
 here the case is far otherwise. What there,
 'is the rule, is here the exception. It will not
 always be so. Already we see a change for
 the better in the branches of litis venerable
 society.
 Saturday evening, 15th, and Sunday morn
 ing and evening, 16th.—We held meetings
 ]in Auburn. The meetings were held in the
 spacious City Hall, and were attended by a
 large and respectable audience. Saturday
 evening, the meeting was addressed by C. L.
 Remond and ourself. The audience remained
 from seven till ten o’clock. Our meeting
 commenced again Sunday moruiug at ten
 o’clock, and continued till near one, and ad
 {journed to meet again iu tbe evening. At the
 hour appointed, the hall was densely crowded.
 Mr. Remood and ourself severally addressed
 the meeting. The address of the former was
 truly a noble effort. The effect produced
 was deep and thrilling. He called attention
 to the many disadvantages and embarrass
 ments against which nominally free colored
 people have to struggle, in this country, ex
 posed to the meanness, vulgarity, and ab
 surdity of what is commonly called prejudice!
 against color; stated the true criterion by
 which the oofored man should be estimated,
 to be that of merit; and enududed with an
 appeal which seemed to stir every soul, and
 warm every heart. We have never heard
 lhe cause more eloquently sod successfully
 pleaded. The audience were evidently borne
 along in every statement, argument, and
 rebuke, to which he gave utterance, and Ml
 with an impression which will be lasting and
 useful. We shall remember with high satis
 faction oar visit to Auburn, and especially
 the kind friends at whose hearth we were
 made happily at home. It is the few and act
 the many, to whom oar righteous cause i»
 indebted for support and countenance. Oar
 meeting* in Auburn would nst probably have
 taken place, bat for the efforts of that ever
 vigilant friend of freedom, E. W. Csproa.
 Gmg tmy he five to succour and relieve the
 suffering, to take in the stranger, sad to Tift
 op tua vgwt for th« doph
mkST, kfe
 toll he found a highly LsMWating fetter firafo;
 the ever doqant pea of «ttf Uaylfen cotto
 pendent. Tim letter is th» fcto eootmte
 pitted series for the North Star; we antic*
 ptte much from them. The people of this
 country in general, and the colored people in
 particular, are quite ignorant in regard to the
 chamfer and i unit ill im rf this most interest
 ing Republic. It is strange that than should
 be so, considering the importance of her ex
 ample—her proximity to oar slavery earned
 Republic. The extent of her commerce, sod
 treatment which has been meted out to her by
 other natkms. Hayti should be an object of:
 constant curiosity, especially to tire oppressed
 ia this country. We regretted, somewhat,'
 when our friend left this, for that country
 believing that he could do more for his nee j
 by remaining at home, than by going abroad.
 Our regrets, however, oo this point, are coo-1
 sMfcrably modified by tbe thought that he may
 be able to enlighten the uuods of our brethren
 here, and at the same tome be of great service
 to the invincible Black Republic. Nothing
 is mors annoying to American pride, or to j
 i American eupidity, than the existence on our
 i very borders, of this noble Republic of colored j
 men. While American papers give column'
 after column of praise to the two or three
 thousand republic of Liberia; they seldom
 speak in any other language than that of dm
 paragement of this Republic of a million at
 our doors. That ths slave-holders of this
 country have a design to subvert this truly
 brave Republic, is notorious. We hope our
 correspondent will keep his eye on this de
 sign, and by exposing to Haytians, this sinis
 ter purpose on the part of our model Republic,
 he mav be of invaluable am vice to the cause
 of human freedom in that country, America
 aud throughout the world. We hope our
 correspondent will allow no opportunity to
 porn, without sending us a letter.
 Richard Dowd*.x Richard, whose letter
 may be found in another column of this
 week’s paper, is one of the most benevolent
 and liberal gentlemen With whom it was our
 fortune to meet during our sojourn in Ireland,
 lie was Mayor of Cork at the time we visited
 that good city, and the many attentions and
 favors which he conferred upon us, can never
 b? forgotten. His advice and warnings are
 not reproachfully given. His regard for the
 prosperity and perpetuity of our republic, is
 deep, earnest and sincere. He speaks as a
 lover, and not as a hater, of America. His
 words, therefore, are entitled to high consid
 eration. Wc thank him for his letter, and
 solicit a continuance of his favors. A letter
 from such a pen, and from such a place, will
 always be interesting to our readers.

 Slavery. —lu the city of Louisville, which
 stands on the Kentucky side of the Ohio, not
 a great ways from Cincinnati, and in a posi
 tion where its inhabitants havo constantly
 forced upon them the unpleasant comparison
 between the prosperity of a slave and free J
 population, was recently held a meeting at!
 which the question of slavery was boldly dis-1
 cussed. The Examiner tells us Mr. Charles
 M. Thurston declared that the old questions
 of Bank, Protection, &amp;c., were all of second
 ary importance to that of slavery. He spoke
 of the evilsof slavery, and exclaimed, “Would i
 to God we were rid of it One burst of!
 enthusiastic applause followed this expression.
 “We feel,” says the Examiner, that the
 meeting pronounced the doom of slavery.—
 Let no one say that our prospects are gloomv;
 the voice of the people is the voice of God
 The speaker hoped that a clause, emanci
 pating the slaves, would be inserted in the j
 constitution. Applause followed the expres
 sion of this hope. Not a oice in the meet
 ing was raised in favor of slavery.
 Rights of Married Women. —An act
 securing to married women their separate
 estates, has passed both Houses of the Ala
 bama Legislature, and was approved by the
 Governor on the Ist inst. It provides that the
 wife’s estate shall be held by the husband as
 in trust. If the wife’s estate be equal to her
 right of dower, on her husband's death, she
 has no claim whatever to his property, and
 otherwise only to the difference between her!
 estate and the dower. At the death of his;
 wife, the husband comes into absolute pos- j
 session of har personal property, and for life,;
 of her estate. The husband and wife are
 jointly made liable for articles applied for
 family use.
 ILF One of the most eminent oriental scho-1
 I are of the age is Professor Lee, of one of the
 English universities, aud yet all his education
 was acquired during the moments of leisure I
 which he found while employed as a jouroey
 neymao carpenter.
 Napoleon's Prophecy. —The following is,
 said to be a prophecy made by Bonaparte, after
 his banishment to St. lleleoa. “In leas,
 than twenty-five years from the present time,
 the whole European system will be changed.
 The French will east tbe Bourbons and their j
 debts off, as my Arabian steed would any i
 stranger who would dare to mount him. Then, 1
 if my son be in existence, he will be seated on
 tbe throne amid the acclamations of the peo
 ple; if be be not, France will go back to a
 republic; for no other hand will dare to seize
 a sceptre which it cannot wield. The Or-1
 leans branch though amiable, are too much,
 like other Bourbons, and will share the same}
 fate if they do not choose to live as simple j
 citizens under whatever changes take place.
 France once more a republic, other countries
 will follow har example—Germans, Prus
 sians, Poles, Italians, Danes, Swedes and!
 Russians, will join in the crusade for liberty.
 Illinois Negro Clause.— The dsose in
 the new Constitution of Illinois giving negroes
 the right of suffrage, has been adopted by
 tbe people, by a vote of 6,313 to 751.— Buff.
 Commercial.
 If the Buffalo Commercial, instead of the
 above, had arod that the people of Illinois had
 refused the colored people permiaeitin to settle
 in the State sS all, by a vote in the psopovtiea
 of 8313 to 751, it would have approximated to
 the truth. —Trm Democrat.
 Th* Spread or Slavery.— Tbe Wash
 ington National Era states that slaves now
 xre held ia Oragoa; ia the Indian Territory
 west of Missnsri, sod i» that protioq ef Texas
 n«th of Ist. m dt*. At roia.
 ID* In Georgia a will retting free a slave
 is aofi sad void, and any person attempting to
 execute it, may he fia«d $lOO6-
WSanaa Eicxumi.—Tin fin* aamberi
 of |hw oeW sheet has come to band. We
 it Andm pooccm. Fran the MU"
 of mtpe who appear responsible for its puhb-1
 eatM*, rramrehl hopes may be eutenawed
 of ia seatpad ability ia the great cans* of hu-j
 nuurity. Here is as extract from the «aluta
 tory:
 To-day, for the first time, we hare taken
 our sea* u&gt; the editorial chair actual. We
 bare, long since, been in it ia protpertu.
 whether the ia prospect* refer to the aauai
 fine runner of a periodical—a prospect oa, or
 to oar calculations growing out of such pro
 spectus. Without particularamg, we would
 say, wj have thus often been there, because
 our friends thought and we were an wise or
 fooksh, (as the case may be,) to believe that
 in the position we now occupy we might do
 good for out common cause.
 As a people, ate have a cause to promote of
 incalculable importance to us, bowtnocheoever
 that cause may be sneered at by those who
 bemg in a different position do no* appreciate

 Our paper will be issued, as it ia to
 day—when circumstances will justify ita pub
 lication.
 We arc then, tHr facto, in the presence of'
 the people, and pledging ourselves anew to the
 great principles of liberty—civil and religious
 —fling our banner*' to the breeze, asking of
 our enemies an honest consideration of the ar- 1
 guments adduced, and from our friends that
 charity’' wliich “never faileth.”
 A Colored Lawyer.—A esse is to be
 j tried at the approaching term of the Sessions
 j of this county which we understand will;
 involve some interesting points for the con
 sideration of the community generally, and
 the African race in particular. It is the trial
 of A. Bradley, a colored atiorney of Williams
 burgh, who claims a right to practice law
 under the new Constitution, and who stands
 indicted on a charge of maliciously com
 mencing a prosecution. Bradley, we are told,
 was formerly a slave ia Virginia, has been
 educated, and displays rather mors ability
 than his degraded race are supposed to pos- j
 scss. If we rightly understand the matter,
 the question will be mooted whether he his j
 the right to practice law, and where or how
 the rights of citizenship were conferred upon j
 him. At the South, the manumission of a
 slave does not make him a citizen and no
 provision being made in the free States for the
 naturalization of negroes, the question may
 I with propriety be urged, whether the new
 I Constitution allows of such latitude, though
 j we believe that instrument does not expressly
 prohibit it. It is expected that Bradley will
 1 defend himself against the indictment.—
 Brooklyn Eagle.
 Interesting Decision.—Judge Morse of
 the Supreme Colirt, on Friday decided that
 I Aaron Bradley, a man of color, who had ap
 peared as eounscl in a case before adjudicated
 in another Court, whereon a motion to set
 aside judgment was now made, was incom
 petent to act as counsel on account of his
 i complexion.— N. Y. Evangelist.
 j And this in the Nineteenth Ccntuiy, in
 Republican America! Hear it, yfe despots
 who ooco flourished in the old world, and
 learn that you are outdone in despotism.
 Judge Morse of New York, has decided, that
 complexion instead of the lack of merit or
 capability, renders a man incompetent to act
 as counsel. Whal more significant homage
 could bo offered on the altar of Slavery, even
 by Hanry Clay or John C. Calhoun. 1
 know nothing of Mr. Bradley, pro or con, but
 presume that he will “pick his flint, and try
 again,’’ persevering even to a triumph, and
 j earnestly hope Ire will prove equal to the
 emergency. Macon B.- Allen and George B.
 Vashon, while undergoing critical legal ex
 aminations, were fortunate enough to receive
 a tribute of praise from their judges. Col
 ored men should have too much self-respect j
 to look for favors; but remember that those
 in authority will exact from them the whole j
 pound of flesh their indulgence, if exercised, j
 will be for the more favored aspirants. We j
 must be wide awake.—w. c. n.
 Capital Punishment.—The Christian
 Citizen says— It is confidently hojted that j
 the present parliament will abolish for ever
 the death penalty in Great Britain.’
 Cassius M. Clay, of Lexington has ob
 tained a verdict of $2,500 and costs in the
 State Circuit Court of Iveutucky, against
 those loafers who tore down his printing
 press, boxed up his type and other materials
 and sent them off to Cincinnati, two years
 ago-
 Colored Actor. —Douglass Jerrold’s
 paper says, Mr. Aldridge, a full blooded negro
 is performing at the Surry Theatre, London,
 and with good success. He has played in both
 tragedy and comedy, but the editor deems the
 latter bis forte. He has had excellent houses.
 Corwin among the Yankees.—A gentle
 man of New Havcc, Connecticut, in a letter to
 a friend in this city, (says the Cincinnati
 Gazette,) dated March 25, says:
 Last evening I had the pleasure of
 hearing Gov. Corwin, of Ohio, deliver a
 political lecture in the Exchange, before a
 larger audience than I ever saw eolllected
 there before. The scats were all removed,
 and all stood on their feet, except those in the 1
 gallery. It was the best political speech J
 ever heard —there was more Christianity in
 it, than in any speech of the kind I ever
 listened to. We sadly want more such men
 at Washington men who have a proper view
 of the infernal spirit of war and bloodshed,
 and who will not bow the knee to the dark
 spirit of slavery, but place themselves on the
 side of God and Humanity.”
 Case or Kidnapping. —We learn that a j
 worthy and industnouns man by the name of
 Henry Williams, while within a few rods of
 his house on Wednesday evening, was
 seized by a gang of men, and carried across
 the river into Kentucky, and was lodged iu
 the Covington jail as a runaway slave, He
 was taken from a wife and family, who are
 deeply afflicted at the brutal outrage that de
 prives them of a husband and father. The
 man has lived ia this city for some time— i
 came from Pittsburgh, and is said never to
 have been a skive. The responsibility of 1
 these atrocities, by far too common, rests, in j
 a great measure, upon the people of this State.
 Their authorities provide no sufficient guards
 to secure personal rights, while our Black
 Laws, and the pro-slavery party connections
 of a majority of the people, invite and sanctum
 such aggressions. It is our business to set;
 the example of justice to the colored mao.
 Wa cannot otherwise expect to have the
 peace and dignity of the dote respected.—!
 Chr Herald.
 DjT Our Transatlantic friends are informed
 that pp—pains are takes to ensure the j
 prompt mailing of their papers. i
 TO CORREBPOX BENTS.
 J. T. 8., Boston —Ussy tkanks far kts earner- j
 agiug bum. We shall maieasly await s eommaai
 catiea hr the Star.
 H. t’., I'ptok-Udi mot., received■
 i. M., QUsUa, Ohio —Received.
 A- ll.,Oherhs,Obioi^—Thaahafisrhis mggeatna.
 Subscription can he estreated to the Postmaster.—
 We shall be gratefid, however, for the aid of say
 friends at Obcrtia.
 A. J. A., Eaton. Cuamwaiintioe m type.
Communications.
OajllaXS, 0., March 23, 1848.
 Dui Ftcpcaict:—l too well ae-‘
 with yaa to suppose that you
 daare a pcflT from Me ia thie my first epistle i
 to you and the Star jointly, and you too well
 with me to expect it, even if you did desire,
 it. The paper is not half aa good as I should
 like to soe it, and expect to see it. and yet it
 is quite as good aa any reasonable person
 could anticipate. No man ia born an editor
 any more than he is a philosopher or sage j
 bat herewith you receive my best wishes for
 your rapid and complete success in your new
 career.
 It ia painful to have occasion to record ap
 parent retrogression, where all would natural
 ly expect to witness advancement. You were
 somewhat acquainted with the condition of
 i public sentiment on the anti-slavery question
 in this region four years ago, and may rccol-;
 lect the good name then borne by Ilarveys
 burgh, in Warren county. Some years si nee,
 a pro-slavery acquaintance remarked to me,
 be wondered the Almiglity did not sink Har
 veysburgh, it was such an abolition hole.—
 j That acquaintance has since greatly changed,
 and so has the village of which he spoke.
 You will have seen in the Anti-Slavery
 Bugle and Cincinnati Herald, certain state
 ments in relation to the dismissal from school
 of a young lady in that place, solely on ac
 count of the stain upon the complexions of
 her ancestry, by some critical observers sup
 posed to have been slightly imparted to ber
 own v It gave occasion for some, standing
 high in that community as intelligent and
 i moral persons, to manifest the wickedness, the'
 deep depravity they had covered up under a
 fair profession. These wexi remonstrated
 with and entreated in vain. A meeting was
 called to consider the general subject of edu-
 cation, and its bearings upon this particular,
 case. The assemblage was addressed by the
 i intrepid and eloquent Samuel Lewis, with a
 truthfulness to humanity and a power worthy
 of himself and his high theme. It was a
 discourse soaMevso unanswerable, as to carry
 with it both the intellect and the conscience,'
 wherever these existed to be reached, in all
 who heard. Time passed. The evil doers,
 and their abettors, offering no ara-mls or
 atonement, the immediate victim sought her
 home in Highland county, there to mourn
 over blighted hopes and prospects. The in
 jured and proscribed Tace of which she hat!
 thus been made the representative, submitted
 silently, as usual, to the additional indignity
 and injury heaped upon them by professed
 friends. The pulpit resound* again, as here
 tofore, with empty declamations and ridicu
 lous prayers. The physician peddles abroad
 his pills and potions, the lawyer deals around
 his pettifogging opinions, the farmer draws
 again his furrow to receive- the setnl of hope
 and promise, the merchant vends his tape and
 tea, the mechanic whistles merrily to the
 sound of hammer and saw, and the mighty
 march of human events urges onward, as it
 no deed of wrong and outrage had been com
 i nutted, no rights invaded, no sensibilities
 crushed, no aspirations for advancement in
 1 knowledge extinguished, by greedy and mere
 cenary men Upon the surface of society
 all seems smooth and serene, not a ripple
 j discernible to indicate there has been a
 disturbing event —a wreck of hopes and hap
 j pine**! But is all calm and quiet as it seeni3
 i I hope—l believe not. Iu the breast of each
 I of each of these oppressors dwells an accusing
 spirit, which renders the thought of Margaret
 'Campbell, and her wrongs, an uneasy one, 1
 i despite all his eflbrts to the contrary. He'
 1 may try to lay the pi antotn by dwelling upon
 j his own wrongs, by the accusation of sdan
 !derous editorials” and false rumors” circu
 lated against himself; but from these appli
 ances he gains no ease. A guilty conscience
 carves a memorial of itself upon the counte
 nance of each so plainly, that he who runs
 may read. Tha members implicated may be
 trumpeted, as justification, before a work! as
 guilty as themselves in humanity, destroying
 prejudices, or venal worship of lucre; but
 these serve not to drown the still small voice
 within. Tosilcnce that, but one of two modes
 is possible—a continual practice of the same
 or guiltier deeds, or repentance and repa
 ration.
 But what docs the present calm portend, as
 existing beneath the surface, with the other
 class, the abolitionists, who have proved
 themselves faithful and tree, in vindication of
 the rights of the oppressed and rebuke of
 their oppressors Do they give up the con
 flict, weaiy and in despair? I trust not. Let
 him do so who feels that in this contest be
 has erred in principle. In the depths of their
 souls, it is not lobe doubted, burns a zeal
 against tyranny and oppression, stranger and
 more enduring than before, which awaits in
 silence for time to ripen opportunity, the more
 effectually to disclose itself. The seed is but
 buried, not destroyed, as we hope, and in due
 season will be witnessed its gumiiuatkm and
 justification.
 My dear friend, who can measure the
 length, and breadth, and depth of the unholy
 prejudice against color of the American peo- j
 pie He only whose instruments can grasp the
 tenuity of conscience, and the all-devouring
 appetite for wealth which characterizes them.
 Not one of those who were audacious enough
 to drive Miss Campbell from the srhooi, dare
 show manly courage sufficient to avow that he
 had any objection, so far as himself was con
 cerned, to her continuing. Each one was
 only afraid some others whom he had heard
 of would object. Now, who is responsible
 for the exlstir'g state of things 1 Some w ill
 tell us, The priests; for they claim for them
 selves power and opportunity to make public
 sentiment what they wuh. I hold them bound
 fur a fell share. They have in a great
 measure the ears of the people, and they
 hare set times and (daces wherein to teach
 theca. But perhaps they overrate their own
 power sod capability.
 Unfortunately, by par,hum, they are a mar
 ketabie commodity. Like tJie goods upon the
 auction stand, for them the highest bidder is
 the buyer, sod we are too keen traders to buy
 what we do sot hke, er to keep the article if
 we make a blunder in the selection. And aa
 the people hare a choice in what shall be
 preached to them, of course they lake cam to
 have a supply suitable to the demand. It wifi
 aot do, then, to lay the whole responsibility at
 the door of the priest*. Like the moat of
 their hcarera, they try to suit their wares to
ihc market, and as all maintain, boih preach.
 ets and people, each for himself in his ow n
 awe, this ia done through compulsion. A s
 well blame the Yankee for vending wooden,
 nutmegs, when tradir p in a region where peo
 ple would buy no others.
 I am disposed to lay Ihc burden on the
 whole community, and bar; my shoulders for
 their share. Inasmuch' as I have not done a fj
 which I might have done, I acknowledge
 portion of it. And how shall 1 discharge
 obligation By opposing slavery through a!I
 her forms apd disguises, with the whole of
 my moral Influence. Her creatures, (or t}, e
 minkmoof Mammon, whichever they be.) m
 and around Haiveysburgh Academy, have not
 yet to learn what art; my resolves upon this
 subject. But the sense of my own short
 comings, admonishes me to remember that
 those who err arc my brothers and sisters in
 fallibility, and in capacity far transcending the,
 wrong. Let this thought control my inter
 course with them, not to silence rebuke and
 admonition, but to temper these with kind
 ness.
 Affectionately youis,
 A. BROOK K.
 Anti-Slavery Books.
 Almost every person of even the most or
 dinary mental culture reads a book now and
 then. Scarce a family but what has its little
 library. Books of voyages and trauds,
 strange sights in distant lands, read with
 eager eyes by old and yeung lives of great
 men of our own and other lands stories of
 wars and struggles against tyranny, especially
 the bloody strife of our revolution poems,
 wakening the love for the beautiful theologi
 cal works, to confirm long-cherished attach
 ments to a sect: poliucr 1 wor! a proving as do: r
 as day-light that the policy of this, that, cr
 the other party is the only one to save the
 country. But few, very few books will be
 found to stir up sympathy or lighteous indig
 nation against chattel slavery —few' works
 that speak out with free, hold words of its
 exceeding sinfulness, its ruinoe.s influence on
 national morals or national welfare. Yet this
 is th great qtustwn of the age, the groat sin
 of this land.
 The Narrative of Frederick Douglass, a
 voice coining up from the prison-house, speak
 ing, like a thousand-voiced psalin, the feelings
 of a gifted mind, while cabined, cribbed,
 confiiel,’ and its d e,&gt; yearnings for libertv
 the simple story of Wm. W. Brown, full of
 incideuts that tell volumes of w hat slavery is
 that parting scone when his mother hade him
 a heart-broken farewell on the deck of the
 steamboat, broken off by the brutal violence
 of the soul-driver, has a w ord of sad palhes
 in it —the brief but moving talc of the suf
 ferings of Henry Weston, telling of the ficml
 like crwdtiea of the deepest dungeons, of the
 prison, the etui e-fields of the far south-west—
 these books should be read by all. None can
 read them without loathing slavery.
 Theodore Parker's Letter to the People,
 touching Slavery,” a I took with a simple ti
 tle, yet one cuntuiuing a fund of inf.rtnattoti
 as to the ways in which the nation supports
 the institution, and as a lit return, the institu
 tion robs the nation of freedom, honor and
 money.
 Facts for the People,” a clear history of
 the Mexican War—the last crusade, not to
 the holy sepulchre, but to the Halls of the
 Mot: fjzumas not fur the safety of tbesacicd
 temple, but for the desecration of freedom's
 holy shrines—facts, like Pelion upon Chsa,
 that must satisfy every reasonable mind.
 u Despotism in America,” that able philo
 sophical cj/i ose of tho influence of the system
 on the very foundations of American society,
 manners aud morals, written with an elo
 quence and power worthy the greatest minds
 of the age. Slavery, illustrated by its
 effects on woman,” a woik written in a pure,
 faultless style, yet giving startling proofs of
 the poisoning, corrupting effect.* of striking
 down the holiest tie that hinds heart to heart
 —these should all have a conspicuous place
 in every household libraiy. “The Church
 as it is, or the forlorn Hope of Slavery,” a
 little book full of proofs of the sad fact that
 the church is the bulwark of oppression.
 Spooner and Wendell Phillips’ works on the
 United States Constitution, efforts of two
 ablo men—one to prove the Constitution to be
 anti-slavery, the other pro-slavery, both able,
 though, in my poor judgment, the pro-slavery
 argument has the best, the true side of the
 question. Jonathan Walker’s stoiy, telling
 how slavery brands and imprisons the Anglo-
 Saxon, as well as the African, and makes
 United States officers do the deed in dcfunco
 of constitutional nght. Many other valuable
 works might bo named which ought to be
 read, which would spread a flood of light
 over minds now darkened by ignorance and
 prejudice and with light must come action,
 ceasing to do evil, learning to do well—-ceas
 ing to support slavery, learning to support
 liberty. Let there i&gt;© light,” and with
 light will come liberty for the captive, frec
 frecdom for the nation such as it uever yet
 knew—never can know, so long as slavery
 exists. All these books, and many others aa
 valuable, can bo found at the Auti-Slavery
 Office in this city.
 ill the people read, or will they be ig
 norant, listless, negligent of duty and right?
 G. B. 8.
 Aj.sa.hy, April 11, 1848.
 Mr. F. Douclass—My Dear Sir: You
 will pardon the liberty I am taking in ad
 dressing y&lt;Ai these few lines, in proportion to
 the importance of the subject they involve.—
 You doubtless recollect a young man residing
 in llua city by the name of John'S. Brown, a
 Virginian by birth, and who had been por
 tion of last summer or fall under the direction
 of the friends of human rights in Bcwton, and
 I believe also ui the town of Lynn, under tt*
 protection of Mr. Buffum and others, and has,
 since that time, been engaged tu lecturing
 about the country. He having left home, w ith
 tli* intention of returning in three or four
 weeks, about the Ist of February, and his sot
 having written or returned totbisdate, tfc*r«
 s» great apprehension foft (or his safety by us
 aU, and more so by his afflicted wife and
 child. Should you, therefore, he to the I***
 session ot any tnfotmaitun relative to lus
 whereabouts, vow will confer a lav or not only
 upon bis wife, bat your obliged and humbla
 •errant,
 JOHN G. STEWART.
 Hr Aay inftrnnation respecting John S.
 Brown, will be thankfully received at this of
 fete."
