The Ilotchi**Oß».
 HW, ,h;
 of thv rnurwt Bot thou aft pwosp*
 J a Thy J"*" lU e
 Oa the inominj of the 3d of April, the Sub
 shed its rays upon. Philadelphia and the neigh
 borhood. Not the glorious Sun in beaten/
 o| which the poet writes; not th? Sur
 giving light, and he it, and vegetation to re
 viving nature, in early spring cot the Sun
 dispelling the mist, and dampness, and vapon
 of night; not the Sun that shines bright anc
 joyous m the deep azure. Probably thus Sur
 shone too but it is not to this Sub that the
 attention of the reader is a out to be directed
 nor to a Son having any similarly Ireneficrn
 results. It is to a Sun, which, instead o
 light, sheds darkness upon the world—thick
 murky, clammy, dismal darkness—“ dark
 ness that might he felt a Sun which give?
 no heat, quickens no life hut chills, and
 numbs, and freezes a Sun which shines noi
 in heaven, but is “of the earth, earthy, if n
 have not even a lower origin; a Sun, in
 short, which resembles the heavenh Sun in
 nothing but the name. Header it is the
 Daily Sun of PluJ-d Iph-a.
 Tins dealer in darkness gives out, on the
 morning in question, what he is pleased to call
 A word of ad wee.’’ How amiable Who
 diKis not see rise up before him, as the
 writer the image of a lrencvolent old gentle
 man with a bald head, and a smile on his
 ruddv, fatherlv countenance. How very kind
 it is of ibis writ r in the Daily Sun to put
 himself to so much trouble it is not only a
 “word of advice" either; the benevolent
 old gentleman with the bald head is by far too
 modest, as these benevolent old gentlemen
 always are; instead of a “word/’ as he
 humbly calls it, in his self-depieciating spirit,
 it is at least seven or eight hundred words—
 all words, too, that have a meaning—words
 which Americans can well understand; all
 this, too, for nothing! Unparalleled gener
 osity! Howard-like philanthropy! Kind,
 benevolent oM gentleman! when thy days
 come to a close, will not many honorable men
 follow thee to thy burial, and carve a monu
 mental marble for thee in the halls of thy
 fathers,” and cap the clunax of thy inscrip
 tion with lie gave advice gratis
 This word of advice is a b autiful illus
 tration of the very prevailing malady yclept
 colorphobia.” li is such a precious /nor
 ccau—such a genuine specimen of cant, and
 rant, and prejudice, conglomerated into a so
 truly original dish, that the most illustrious
 white d&lt; la cu/si/u may well tremble fur his
 fame, h is rich, and rare, and piqUante. Pity
 it is that it is int[Mtssi!i!e to place the whole o&lt;
 it before the readers of the North Slur Here
 is a small piece as a sample
 Whave a serious charge to make against
 the managers of the Hutchinson family/ fur
 not hiving announced in their handbills and
 ajvertisem-lit*, that no distinction of culm
 would lie in ale in a knitting persons to thuii
 concerts, it is well known that a distincrioi
 is made on all ordinary oe -asioiis, and thai
 there ,are m uiy p irsons in the community v. hr
 would on no account, knowingly, place them
 selves and their families in promiscuous asso
 ciation with the colored race.”
 Kind old gentleman! When you under
 take to give advice, you should not make a
 charge. It reminds one altogeth T too forcibly
 of the old fishioii-ed mode of reforming a
 criminal, by hanging him it is decidedly of
 Irish extraction. Ilut benevolent tdd gentle
 men are always rather eccentric in their
 actions, and must not be criticised too severely
 according to the strict standard of etiquette.
 The Hutchinson family w ill doubtless appre
 ciate this writer's kindly intentions, notwith
 standing bis rather rough mode of going
 about to seek their benefit and will in future
 contrive to make the poor unhappy mortals
 who are suffering in body and mind, from
 the dreadful scourge of colorplw’jia, under
 stand, that they are not expect &lt;1 to attend
 the concerts. The Hutchinson* know, as
 every one else knows, that all diseases arc
 more or less infectious. Perhaps they wil
 buffer another word of advice,” and add t&lt;
 all their future handbills and advertisements
 a note to the effect, that all who are afilictet
 with the grievous and infectious malady o
 colorphobia, inasmuch as they value tin
 health and happiness of their fellow-citizens
 arc particularly requested not to attend tin
 concerts.” They will thus prevent the infer
 tion from spreading into other families tha
 are now free from it. It is just like thus:
 benevolent old gentlemen. They are ulwayi
 so thoughtful of the public welfare! Wlia
 should we do without them?
 Continuing his word of advice, the write
 says:
 The Ilutchinsons need not be told, at thi:
 day, that the feeling against practical amal
 gauiatiou is so strong with many persons tha
 they would be very likely to resent in thi
 most summary manner a trick by which they
 and especially the female members of thei
 families, had been subject to an associattoi
 wluch they abhor.”
 Oh,-the monstrous cruelly of these Hutch
 iusons! How inhuman it was, thus, as tin
 compassionate old gentleman with the bait
 bead says, to entrap unsuspecting ladies am
 gentlemen into a concert-room,” when thei
 were laboring under such a desperate disor
 der No wonder that lie was spirit-movei
 to give a word of advice to the reprobate*
 who wore guilty of such wickedness. Wha
 else could be anticipated from such un
 timely exposure, hut tits, and hysterics, am
 perhaps worse evils 1 It would not be at al
 surprising if the next arrival from Phtladelphi;
 brings the intelligence, that some of the poo
 entrapped unsuspecting females and ex
 quisites are mnv subject to a fit of temporary
 insanity. A voting lady, not long since tol&lt;
 the writer, that the first time she saw a blacl
 man, she was well nigh thrown into convul
 sums. She thought h‘ was the devil come v
 lake lo r home. A pretty cogent reason
 c -rtainlv, fur going into convulsions. Posh
 bly some of the entrapped were in
 similar predicament. They no doubt knev
 that they had maqy sms unrepented of, an
 feared that their tunc was come. Wha
 heart of stone u there that does not pity thus
 unauapecung female members of families
 Are they not deserting of the deepest com
 miseration 1 That even one of them sh&amp;uli
 have been subjected to the bunting uifani;
 and eternal shame of being in the same con
 cert-room with any of those horrid crca
 tures” is truly appalling, kVital marlyrdou
 can be compared to it 1 V\ hat refinement o
 bar liar ism in ancient or modern times, bean
 any resemblance Ur this fearful infliction
 Such suffering must tnciU an eternal reward
Doubtless heaven mill be the portion of ibos*
 who have come through this fiery trial. Bui
 what if there should be Mach men and
 j women there also, and no nigger pew
 Oh, horrible thought! Ob, torture meufier
 able Where can theee poor uasuepeeting
 t female member* of families go! Will they
 rather chooec to g« the other road Per hap*
 they will.
 i Further on, the Daily Sun aays:
 It is really ume that some one should tell
 these people, in a spirit of friendly candor,
 that they are not apostle* and martyrs, en
 trusted u ith a mission to reform the world,
 but oidv a company of common song-singers,
 whose performances sound very pleasingly to
 ihc great mass of i*cople ignorant of real
 music, and finding sn innocent gratification m
 listening to melodious sound* w hich they are
 capable of understanding.”
 Kind, good, dear old gentleman and they
 act vou to bell the cat! Perhaps you
 know as much about music, and care a* much
 about it as does your very respectable walk
 ing staff. Perhaps you consider it your
 iiu.^ion to make yourself look foolish at
 least once a-year, and tliat oncc-a-ycar the
 month of April, (a very appropriate lime,
 doubtless,) fur the general amusement of the
 public. Will not somebody undeceive you
 It is really painful to think that you shonld
 continue to suffer under such a delusion.
 There is not the slightest necessity for it.
 Pray, don’t do so any more. Every one is
 perfectly satisfied of your benevolent inten
 tions. No one who knows anything about
 you can for one moment entertain the slightest
 doubt about them. Put it is really too much
 to expect of you, tliat you should be a How
 ard, a Lutlur, and a llaydn all in one. If
 you manage to be a Howard and a Luther,
 even on an infinitesimally small scale, rest
 you satisfied. Vou can still be a benevolent
 old gentleman, even if you do not know du
 fiorn or rc from and have never learned
 to distinguish between a flat, a sharp and a
 a natural. There are many other things
 about which you might give “a word of ad
 wee,” in your own kind, fatherly manner,
 without making yourself so inexpressibly
 ridiculous. What, in your estimation, may
 J be the difference between melodious sounds”
 and real music” 1 Most lexicographers give
 melody as the meaning of the word mu
 sic,” and music as the meaning of the
 word melody;” and they are supposed
 1 by the generality of readers to bo convertible
 terms. The difference, at all events, must be
 very triflipg, and such as an old gentleman
 should not pretend Jo distinguish.
 This Word of Advice” is, after all, a
 very strange medley. There is still another
 feature in it which is altogether too interest
 ing to be passed over. It is this:
 i No colored person of right views would
 feel flattered bv the servility of a set of public
 Mngeis who would condescend to take their
 money, and smg to them.”
 Poor old gentleman you must certainly
 be i;i your dotage. If it be servility io take
 tin: ‘‘colored person's” money, and give bun
 in exchange that which he pays for, what do
 you call it to take the colored person
 himself, and give Lim nothing? Some peo
 pfe who are nut in their dotage, call it the
 foulest robbery, and the sura of all villanics.”
 W hat despicable servility it is to sing to
 men, and take their money. It is so,
 to edit papers, and sell them to “colored per
 sons to go to war, and ask colored per
 sons to pay the taxes necessary to carry it
 on to establish a government, and make
 “colored persons” pay for its support.
 Tbc benevolent old gentleman probably means
 [that colored persons” ought not to pay for
 any of these things—that they have paid
 enough already. Perhaps he is right. There
 can be no doubt, tliat the white Americans
 owe the colored race much. But this is alto
 gether a new and unexpected manifestation of
 a stricken conscience. Colored persons,”
 j —you will at least understand henceforth,
 that this dear old soul will not take your
 money you may have as many Daily Suns
 as you like, without paying a cent. If you
 think they are worth having, hasten to
 avail yourselves of your opportunity. Per
 haps he may repent.
 Oh, Daily Sun of Philadelphia your light
 is hut darkness and how great is that dark
 ness —J. D.
 Court, Ireland, Feb. 22, 1818.
 Mr Di.au Sir: Your welcome remem
 brance of us is noted by the numbers of your
 paper. It is very pleasant to be able to con
 vey what is considered the most intangible
 thing, the mind of man, in as tangible a man
 ner as by reading the thoughts.
 You know that some of us here are Whig
 Radicals, and have always looked with the
 j kindliest sympathies at your Republican insti
 tutions. The Whig-Radical school look upon
 a Queen as President css of the Empire, and
 do not much discuss the elective or hereditary
 i succession. They kuow that the British is
 what may be called in practiis; a monarchical
 republic, or a re publican ized monarchy, and
 of course they look to America with respect
 I and fellmf-feeling. At times, however,
 doubts arise here whether a practical com
 monwealth is as fully worked out across the
 Atlantic as the sincere friends of onward pro
 gress could wish. bat concern have
 i strangers with America? Every coucern.
 America made her declaration of liberty;
 she compiled her States constitutions; the
 western winds speak her voice and detail her
 i acts to all Europe she lias been made a city
 placed on a lull her responsibility to an ob
 sevant world is solemn; everywhere States
 are struggling to be free it is not in Roman
 history that Italy should now examine the
 I working* of Republican institutions; that
 records what is old and pagau it is to Ame
 r.ca modern republicans look. She is modem
 and Christian. Let her beware, then. A
 dying mother whispered with energy in the
 ear of her nearest relative, I)o nothing
 i wrong! If you do, that boy will imitate
 i you.” The Bntish are America's nearest rc-
 I I alive. Language, habits, general morals,
 t freedom in lehgion. and many noble links,
 j make the w ide waters a slight separation.-^
 We do not feel ourselves decaying, yet with
 the solemnity which life or death cannot in-
 I maso, we call on America to do nothing
 wrong.” The young States of the world,
 now bounding into freedom, are the boy
 nations, who may imitate America if she docs
 i wrong. Let her look to herself, therefore,
 and speedily become the example of a strug
 gling world. Ha* the great western republic
 no absolutism to subdue at home l Can she
 ,«ndure slavery within her border* much
huger* 1 call oa every true-hearted rrpoWi
 can to torn the ‘'Btintioe ef laik|ireri
 eaee with its bee to the wall, ro long as
 American outran of m Mood are oof few
 J men. This is America's primal stain—
 it is Mood on her cecainhoonj and while
 it remaiiui darkly on xtm mmee, she can
 tool boldly show it to the bee ef day, ass ex
 pect it to strike terror into tyrannous rulers in
 other hemispheres.
 The avarice of territory, like the
 avarice of mdtvtdual poorer, is a snare.-
 Napnlcoo prostrated tyranny after tyranny,
 tut he lust of empire prostrated the leveller
 iof imperial dynasties. England, as s nation,
 is kepi impoverished by her too extensive cm
 pin*. The amount of beggary and civil war
 which .distresses Ireland, is eattaed by s
 reckless appet?te for territorial aggrandise
 ment, which prostrates and enfeebles their
 gentry. They are like Use people who are
 said to have a wolf m their stomach; they
 have a morbid rapacity which too much can
 not satisfy. On this destructive spirit of mo
 nopoly the peasants have made a guerilla war,
 j and we arc in confusion and distress. Let
 America beware of unpaid for territory—
 Texas, Mexico. The common weal of the
 republic is pawned to buy these States and
 I what does America w ant of them In your
 countryman's homely but applicable expres
 sion, let her take care she does not pay
 1 too much for her whistle.” Our national
 debt and our enslaving taxes, are the tribute to
 inordinate appetite for territory. Canada is a
 I heavy loss to the British Empire, and it would
 i be bard to find a state that Britannia rules,
 and which is large enough to. take itself in
 charge, which would not derive advantage
 from being let alone ”by England. She
 purchases all her dependencies too dearly.—
 They are indeed mostly dependencies in the
 strict sense, for England subsidizes them all,
 u'hile she paralyzes them with her control as
 well as her money. The vehement prayer of
 Montgomery to England, may also be ad
 dressed to America. Do you want to adopt the
 prostrating vices of the old European States I
 Beware,
 For wealth is a phantom, and empire a snare.
 O let not tliy birth-right be »»U,
 For reprobate glory and gold.
 Thy distant dominions like wild graftings shoot
 Tliey w eigh dow n thy trunks—they w ill tear up thy
 root.
 Let ambition, the sin of the brave,
 And avarice, the soul of the slave.
 No longer seduce your affections to roam
 From Liberty, Justice, Religion, at home.’*
 You Americans are a proud people. The
 criticisms of travellers on your habits and
 manners provoke you. Contradict them by
 your acts. You once won a glorious name—
 -1 keep it or if it is sullied in any point eradi
 cate the stain. Have courage to be great, and
 bid all freemen again look to the glorious home
 of liberty, the trails-Atlantic west.
 Yours sincerely,
 ■RICHARD BOWDEN RICHARD.
 f
 Hayti in Correspondence.—No. I.
 1 Friends Douglass and Delany :—Having
 •proceeded thus far on my pilgnmrge, I hasten
 to set about a corresj»ondence, the com
 mencement of which has already been too
 long deferred. This should not have hap
 pened, had it not been for the many seduc
 tions which the great commercial and fashion’
 able metropolis of my native country threw
 around me. Great, very great, indeed, was
 the pleasure attendant upon my sojourn in the
 city of New York—a pleasure which was
 traceable not merely to the contemplation of
 its gorgeous and stately edifices, or to the
 daily wanderings I indulged in along its mag
 nificent Broadway—that unrivalled queen of
 thoroughfares—and her scarcely less princely
 sisters, animated with the bustle and activity
 of business-life, and glittering with every
 manifestation of beauty and of taste. All
 this, though sufficiently alluring in itself, was
 only the j&gt;ctalled splendor of tire rose, cn
 closing a perfume, the fragrance of which
 rendered the lovely conformation of the flower
 hut a matter of secondary consideration. I
 i found there many kind and warm-hearted
 j friends, who shall ever live in my memory,
 and the recollection of whose courtesies, so
 freely extended to the stranger, shall ever
 cheei the various phases of my uncertain fu
 ture. Most fully shall I always appreciate
 their efforts to make my two months’ stay in
 their midst a delightful one; and so successful
 were they therein, that I took my leave of
 New A T ork as though I were departing from
 a second home, filled writh regrets that I
 could not render their abiding-place the termi
 nation of my wanderings.
 Not the least of these regrets was, that I
 could not remain yet a day longer, in order
 j that I might be able to attend a meeiiug of
 colored citizens, to testify their regard for the
 character, and sorrow for the loss’of the Sage
 lof Quincy. Truly, that gTeat and good man,
 who had spent more than half a century in
 the service of his country, whose head had
 been whitened by the frosts of eighty winters,
 and who bad never suffered one moment of
 his long life to aid in the advancement of op
 pression, merited well such a manifestation of
 respect. But he has gone to take
 Ilis chamber in the silent hails of death;”
 and highly momentous is the question, upon
 I whose shoulders has his mantle fallen Alas!
 in the insults heaped upon sister states, in the
 sanguinary w T ar waged against a sistei repub
 lic, and in the fierce efforts made to crush ev
 ery measure that would tend to restrain sla
 very within its present limits, we may readily
 deem we read that the service once so heart
 fully rendered to the spirit of liberty, exists
 no longer sire in name, and that new altars
 have been erected, lurid with strange fire, and
 officiated at by an order of priesthood, which
 the martyred heroes of the revolution would
 disdain to recognize aa their offspring. The
 departed statesman was one of the very few
 remaining links which connected the present
 with the past —the epoch in which the rhetoric
 of the schools, the polished acumen of the
 legislator, and the genius of diplomacy, re
 fined by the experience of age, are all prosti
 tuted in- the service of oppression, with that
 one in which the honest country gentleman
 left his plough-share to rest in the furrow
 and the artisan suffered the instruments of bu
 craft to lie idle on the bench, while they
 hastened, with hearts on fire wrfth patriotism,
 and Bps burning with eloquence, to pledge
 their all in the sacred cause of freedom. And
 among the proudest honors that will always
 s glorious halo around the memory ef
 John Quincy Adams, is, that he was ever
 found sa Ahdiei amid the feiihless aad that,

m toe must m j »«u every
 where surrounded him, he never forgot the
 lemons tasght turn »ths sehoed of his esriy
 training, nor ever faltered from the frith
 and spirit inherited from tus revolutionary
 she.
 We sailed from New Yarik in the Wig
 Hayti, oe the td umL, aad geiliag fairly lb
 seaea the 3d, arrived here after quite a pleas
 ant run ef twelve days, on the 15th. Oa the
 morning of the day previous to that of my
 arrival, 1 was aroused by the gratifying an*
 Bowacesseut that Cape St. N nebulas, the
 North-western point of the islaad, waa in
 right. It woald be importable for me to de
 scribe the rapture with which I beheld fee ths
 first time, this land, unpolluted by the foul
 stain ef slavery, and upon which the insult*
 and the cruelties of the tyrant had been wash
 ed oat in the blood of hiiroelf and bis chil
 dren. During almost the entire day, 1 re
 trained lost in silent contemplation of those
 magnificent head-lands Nature’s own bul- j
 warts, throw n up to hurl back the invader
 from this soil of freedom. As the day drew
 to its close, the scene was truly a most beau
 tiful one. In the midst of these promitories,
 clad in tho bright verdure of this region of
 perpetual summer, appeared a vast pile of
 limestone, known by the name of the Plat
 form, and which, viewed from a distance, as
 sumes the appearance of an enor.nous for
 tress, From its mimic parapets—thanks to a
 passing shower there floated, apparently,
 like flaunting standards, two gorgeous rain
 bows, throwing triumphal arches athwart the
 course of our little vessel. Nor was the
 scene less imposing in the opposite quarter of
 the horizon,
 Where, like a routed king, die sultan son
 Still struggled on the fiery verge of heaven,”
 pouring upon the intervening expanse of wa
 ters the last treasures of his fading glory, un
 til it flowed an ocean of mingled gold and
 azure. It was a spectacle that’t were pity
 j for any night t close over, tavc a moon-lit
 j eve of the tropics, with its bright blue skies,
 and its stars sparkling with a radiance that is
 denied to those w hich glisten in the firmament
 of our more northern clime.
 On tho following day,wc entered the lovely
 bay of Port au Prince, which, w ith its clear
 waters calmly shining in tit rir hill-girt basin,
 i and its beautiful Arcadins and other islets
 i resting upon its bosom, like emerald clasps
 upon vestments of azure, can well challenge
 comparison with the far-famed one of Naples.
 At 3 o’clock in the afternoon, wc came lo anch
 or in the harbor,which I was rejoiced to find fill
 ed with the shipping of many lands. After a
 short detention consequent upon a visit
 from the officers of the custom-house. I went
 ashore in company w ith Captain Cutts, the
 gentlemanly master of the Hayti, and was
 introduced to a number of gentlemen resident
 in the place. I found the wharves alive with
 all the stir of a flourishing commerce, and
 my ears were almost deafened with the wild
 and discordant Babel produced by a thousand
 tongues, each rattling away fluently in the
 French language, or its corruptions, the Cre
 ole. Everything around me wore the aspect
 of novelty. The strange appearance of the j
 houses—the manner and habits of the people,
 so different from those to whieh a resident of j
 the United States has been accustomed, that:
 they obtrude themselves, on the instant, upon:
 his attention—the soldiers on guard at the i
 Port, or loitering at the corners, all bearing a;
 skin, the color of which, at home, would sub
 ject them to insult and degradation—all these,
 and a thousand other things, told me plainly
 that I was no longer in the land of my birth
 —of all that had grown precious to me by
 the endearing tics of association. Yet I have j
 found here several American friends and lbr-i
 mer associates of those who are dear to me;;
 so that after six days have elapsed, I find myj
 self still amused with the novelty cf my situ
 ation, and withal contented.
 In a short time—that is, when I have been
 here sufficiently long to render you something
 like an impartial account of matters and
 things so exceedingly novel, I will write’
 again. Until then, adieu.
 HAROLD.
 Conspiracy at St. Domingo. —A fearful
 conspiracy was discovered at St. Domingo,
 on the sth of February. The Minister of the
 Interior, Gen Puello, had false keys made of
 the Arsenal and Fort, and had won over to
 him most of the military. They were to have
 murdered the President, and hoisted the flagj
 of Hayti. lie has been shot with two others, j
 and there are several others to be tried.
 The country is perfectly quiet, and good j
 order is observed everywhere, without any
 great pains taken that it be so.
 Capital Punishment.— -The Select Com
 mittee on Capital Punishment in the Senate
 of the State of New’ York, have made an j
 unanimous report in favor of its abolition. j
 Economy. —A man who chews $l4 worth j
 of tobacco annually, stops hia newspaper be-,
 cause he cannot afford to take it.
MARRIED
 On the 4th in#t., by Hie Rev. F. W. H.xlsrrian.
 Mr. Asher Kent, of AoHierter, u» Mi»s Aver- j
 Lis k Maria, only dsuijbusr of Mr. Stephen Sari.-', j
 of Port Byron.
DIED
In Boston, Marrk 14th, of Itraia fever, Origin
 Baciieler. widely known u a religious tuotru
 v*r*iali«t, aged 48.
 In Gr«enk*«t&lt;J, Feb. 25. Mrs. Ona M. Staines,'
 aged about 80. She ru fvnutrty a skive belonging
 to General Washington, aad waitingawaid on
 lady Washington, at ML 4 rfiwn. Between fifty
 anil sixty years ago, in company with another final-
 slave, the ra away, awl catae to Portuauttoh. Her
 n -as discovered, atd Washington ha 1 her t
 returned. Ona hid her». il aa 1 reanioed in Porte- j
 mouth. She eunareted herself with the Baptist
 rhurrh about forty-five years ago, aad waa ttimri.
 She has resided at tireealaad for many yean, has;
 led a good life, awl njtacad in her liberty, rvea in
 poverty, more thaw m the howor of being a slave of
 even the father of h*s cumuj.
 In Washington, on the 22J sk., A hansom, a ret-'
 oreJ man, m the 84th year of bis age. He was
 proverbial for stem integrity aad fidelity. Wbe.ij
 ibe Rev. Union fan** net. Akamai was given to
 CV&gt;LGeorge WashmfUm, bv h*s nephew, aad was)
 »»U» hi* toea* Msslwdei ini
 the Som£,twde«erih*fr»«*Senf TTmitow*.
 The readers of newspapers lor toe kst twenty, and
 even fifty ywm*. m—* hny* Imew stmt* at thr mam-
 her afcwtwwd turret— wtmhwve hnew wwaad by, or i
 iTve STfr ri- -ef** rfWmhiw*.;al;
 of diem rove been prevwhml for sen integrity
 wad idehtv.” The mTOtri lafrrtm is, that
 nniiisH ssi rail at three*, wtto have had garni!
 Mere, are tmmcmadnf thane teaito of charm**,
 aad whew it m mid the rolored rare are iarapshlr of!
 taking rere sf ihewmelvra* ate rekai and muesa
 agrwUr, nm away ami ore whipped, hrewtoi. aad
 •reread ia **riaraway*j* are* he a redaction apm j
 those who hare had the trammg of them—s sad,
 ■*—rere of their masters.—
 Brens Wig. 11
ti» Slew York.
 duty vre ewe to GoA awt*nwr j
 the Anti-Slavery women ef Ruchraaer feel
 cuMtnned to continue to persevere la their
 Marta fur the opprewrf and suffering (read
 me* art* still rentaia toiMmr eweqatietiia tire i
 SoatkMta prison hares. We are freqaaaiiy
 brae giH pushOj Co narehn that aot ealy i
 u thwr labor w rested from them ttarvcuuaerw
 ted aot only da thej softer from ta tonne ban
 ger sod cold; aot only are tire female*, ova
 SI3TXBS, rebjected to the cruel aad passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of son-
 during the dearest tiro m nature, thro sepa- 1
 rating' them forever. And eaa we expoet any
 thing bjtler— «m we look for besi vuicoce or
 flue feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery 1 It would be unreasonable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.” Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, wj affocthsuLdy
 invite the co-operation of lire citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. \V« ask there
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “Ail
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, mid concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch ms ye have done it to one of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye hare done it
 unto me.” Wo fe.il assured all that have
 hearts to feel, artd are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live fur the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to thrir own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pio
 inoting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteouanetw in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our laud; and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a lieht to the
 world.”
 \V e hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 l to Hi this holy cause. The
 Christian's influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly prodace its
 good effects. Wo ask for the aid of men and
 of women; —we call on the old and the
 young, Uie farmer, tho mechanic, and the
 merchant. W c ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 cither of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and w omen
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object, we propose holding a Fair
 m December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, hut in convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. llallowkll, do.
 Mary 11. llallowkll, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Piiebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Khoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braitiiwaite, do.
 Sabaii E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do. i
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty, Farmington,
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 i Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 'Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 Mp.s. Hamlin, Port Bvron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Maiiy Ann McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
o m tn e r i i a 1.
Rochester. April 20,1848.
 Tlie prices of most articles 'lave continued for the
 List week without change. The reads luive become
 settled.
 Tlwre is no new feature to notire in the Flour
 market. Holders ask £5 50®3 75, hut there are
 none hut email sales for the retail trade.
 Wlieat comes in sparingly. Covers decline pay
 ing over £1 22.
 Bnyers offer for Com 37®44c. Oats are steady
 at 35®37J. Barley 50GT53.-.
 Canal navigation w ill commence on Ist of May.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carreit.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 y c ad nl
 Flour, y N.l 5 50 Si) 5 75
 Ci&gt;rn nical, y bush 56
 PROVISIO.VS—Duty; Beef,Fork .flams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 yc; Cheese 30 yc ad val
 Fork, (mess) .1200® 12 30
 Do. in I log 500&amp;&gt; 5 25
 Beef, cwt. 450 500
 Do. bid. (mess) 700 66 800
 L:trd (tried) y fi&gt; &lt;ai 8
 D,. (leaf,) et&gt; 6
 flams, (smoked) 7 id 8
 Shouklers, do. 5®.. 6
 T urkeys yH&gt; ..8
 Chi eke is 8
 Potatoes, hush. 56
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 y e ad val
 Wlieat, bush 1 25
 Corn 37#..44
 Rve 00
 Oats .37
 Barley 53
 HIDES—Duty 5 y c ad val
 SLugliter 4
 Call' 9
 Sheep IVHs 75 1 12
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 yc; Mustard 20 y
 r ml val
 Clover 4 75
 Timothy 125 230
 Flax I 25
 FlSH—Dutv mi foreijri caught; 20 ye ad val
 Wbitefishldd 750
 Codfish cwt 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, y IW 1 31
 Apples, y hash .31
 Do. dried 56 63
 Eggs, y dos 10
 Beans, y hush 91 I 00
 Hav.ytoa .10 06 #l2 56
 Hard »o«d 300 4 00
 Soft wood 2 50
 New York, April If.
 A«bes Ira Pwuyi v 7&gt;|; fnrlifl SO auaisdlr,
 L’m m ta la arrive sala ry
 n tar aad Me d- The dvmaad for Ftear Is biff* to 4»y
 _i he mire are steeit dSKhhtto the wu, o«d -km
 •nark hsvsampsr ,rd iradcar.y. lacteded ia (Mulw
 are *9 h*»&gt;« at ft mA I* ro 4 order CoJ
 hraadv Mfcs h.«r Vert Wlff La dearie* ait* It*
 »nS Si**nM tor OS S*a*t,&lt;a«K«
 Hal*6 3!*«tSJ7*
 Tfct •(•iWr SU&gt;«« *«T *«b«&lt;e:h*t. «Meh has
 rnecked cat do-e hasiesm. hates fkmi at 43
 3 AS
 (inis-l* U'hest theta a better terf.ee; irtsKto
 Sntet e.eeS mey-e, at fi IT*; (eeer.Ky buyer* of
 ict vt it
 «&gt;.ra t|aie«. sad there were hat lew
 market; sslas ISjHOM atMlsr «at 3w«thera. rnlOt
 hrierei |#ttow
 ■ye Is mas drwthaa H was; sale 30* Im at 74.971*
 he eh tear to* tots sat saartet daft
 Tae Perk mart#* -ettaur* »sect Isa. ics/tsrt
 4 ,«e*a»l; ahaut 15V Hi, s4d st die ter meat, aa4 p
 rn% far enme; fcs aery dull, reeutof hud Ist
 p chrd au at ft 75 sed 97 "A
 istesltlHShwiets *Mas(lM*t;«*«f sCM
 hM*a»d# X-aad «SMb IfameeMum madre-dat 7c
 —items 4 th. with sste M kh it 7
 alter t* errtoe.ard haem there mwuwerd;eu
 Awry, i eae gstet.
 iM«&gt;-1 MhMdhi eah afcd* si 9'e f«r er pert—
 Usmdsshisia fas rujhsh dale* iSaeysiJs tee
 kae at Id etc
 Cmterie*—Are slea*v ead hkh drassud.
 Nhtp»T TaU»wm •Jh#»*s f ceasdry «M#«s.
 The 7Va ssfus w«m uCa
 amuse Tamsary JhastoSstUiK «*v Vtad*cr
 »wlssp*«iim»4»ai M6II. Kami
 (aytmewlilUhWslUhlt
 tgl
3&amp;t&gt;crtiscranits.
job rwjmw.
 'THE NORTH STAR OFFICE,
 X»«S«*w/4 TW». I* tor ena«t— «f e»«j
 4—cnMtum «n*rmtii2 with a—a ami **}»feb
 attha Umt yHm fcr nA, &lt;ki
 HMd4iib, pvmi |tm timiV,
 S*^rrr 11
 Cord,. Labels,tot.
 THE UPT OF FREDER
 HOtOUAIW, •nnn by hi—lf. to to
 teial RMwOoe.iincaSlorau,
 CV* fto PmUmr,fmm 9, A.M. tm S P V
 rSj ££2* 'v °r r JV F f toREAP.
 INfl ROOM. \r&gt;. M, ftofiiln Ktrvrt; Tto
 is (vastly forwtdwd, ami tor tafair. idled mM k
 of d* bnl Ankllafm, Tmu—ct, Reb
 ffow, TJrtk.l sad Uterary iVr"
 BOOKS, X*., F«w Role at the A*Tl-Rt.«Vrat
 Orrirr k Reapivo Rood, No. t 5 Bu&amp;ki
 rt., Srr&gt;4ti Steer appetite tor ArcaJt:
 Narrative of I irlrnii
 Jonathan WaSktr.
 Portrait
 Hpwanr (Uruattitiilwaiilih u[ dUmy.
 W. Philtiiw rtfih to tto.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Mbvrry ilhistr.itvl l»v it, effect miWimm,
 Ak*&gt; a rich vs&gt; ie-iv cf Fancy and oaeful artkiri
 nude by toe 1 aniie*’ Anti-Slave) y Society.
 N w m tkc Prtxs,
 h TRIBUTE I OR THE NEGRO.
 ItISG VINDICATION or THE AORtl., ItTFI,
 LFCTtit A 51) REMGlors CA f A RtLITI V* Of
 THE COLORED PORTION OK MANKIND
 WUh rtfrrmet foJfV African met,
 Hlostnilcd by ntnemnw authentic tort*. BkgTsthicu
 Sketches, Tctiiihinict of Traveller*, Ac.
 n» motive* wlik-h have activated the airtW if
 I preparing the al»*ve-me«*tin—l work, are solely i
 desire to rntcrort ami enlighten the public mini), or
 i a aubjrct intimately ennnerted vritli the to| pines* cn
 j misery of a large portion of the human fomilv; an
 Iby a rrlotion of fort* ami testimonies, which m
 assertions ran annul, to remove a ilccpiwooted pre
 judice, existing iu tire utiutls of many, respecting tUt
 j African rare.
 It i* an important question whether the Negro is
 •onatitntionatly. ami dierrt"«Me irremediably interior
 to the w hitc man, in the jviucps of the nrinil. .Murl
 j of tire future welfare of fhe lmtnan race ik-|*etkf* on
 the nnsw er which experience and fort* will fiirnisl
 to this question; for It concern, not onK the vast
 I population of Africa, lari many million* of tiro Negri
 I race, who ape located elsewh»*re, and Ha- withes wlm
 are becoming mixed with the black raw, in conntrk-f
 where Slavery exif**, or where it haa existed till
 within a recent period. Many person* have veiWur-
 I el upon peremptory iVisioiU on loth sides of lln
 I question; Iwt the majority appear to be still unsat is-
 I lied a* to tire real eapulifttics of the Negro race.—
 Tlveir present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing tliem ns a whole with the ligltter colour
 j ed portion of mankind, is too evident to be disputed
 tail it must la* home in mind that they are not in r
 fit condition for a fair rom|Kirison to lie drawn be
 j tween the two. Tlw-ir present degraded *t..tc may
 he easily accounted for lv fire circumstances amid*
 which Negroes liave lived, fordt in their own country
 and abroad. Ifa single instanee can ts» adduced «i
 an individual of tire African race exhibiting a genitn
 which w ould he considered eminent in civilized Fnro
 peat society, we have a jrroof that there is no incom
 patibility between Negro organization and high in
 telWtnal power. But it is not one alone, Imt many
 remarkable cases of this description that are brought
 I forward in the present volume, which in:luJtJt up
 ward* of lot) Biographical rkiV he* of African* or tkiti
 j desirnduhts, I resides Facets and Anecdotes, Testinm
 nics of Travellers, Missionaries, Ac., tire whole
 j forming a complete “Tribute for the Negro,’
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the me
 founded calumnies which have been hen|*ed on tin- un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving tlmm to Ire endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 w ith tire grunt family of Man, ami consequently, en
 titled to certiin inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are“ life, lilx-rtv, and tire pursuit of happiness,** any
 infriiigeiHeiit on which is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of tire Most Higiu
 Tlm- work will be rendered additionally interesting
 by AV APPROPRIATE ISTROHUCTOttT P&lt;»EU,
 written purposely for the wceasiuit, by Bernard
 Barton. It wiH also lie enriched by tire addition
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the I louse of Coarmuos. Tire
 I Africans are giving evidence. Dr. ririllip is seated
 in the foreground, and Jann-s Read, mi. and jm*.,
 i Missiorr.w ies fonn South Africa, are standing, the
 fottcr acting a* inlerprUcr. The volume will ako con
 tain portraits of
 CINQt-’*. tl&gt;e Chiefof“ AmirrtadCaptives.**
 Jan Tzatzoe, Christian Cliiuf of toe Amakosa
 Tril&gt;e, South A frica.
 J. W. C. I’k.nixgto.n, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass, tire fugitive slave.
 Olauimh FquiANo, or Gustav us Vaasa.
 Engraved ou steel by first-r.itu At lists. A Iso ara c
 stuit-E of the writing of TihjsSaint L’Ouver
 tu r e tire Bbck Chief of Hayti.
 Tlic work will he printed in die best type, on fine
 I paper, and consist of al&gt;out 500 pages Bv&lt;»., U-aiitiful
 ly bouml in cloth, with an npprojrriute device, fi»rm
 ing an ciegaut volume for tile drawing-room table.
 All profits arising from it* salt- w ill be devoted to
 the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to suhscril*-
 ers #3; to non-turlwcribers #4; individual* desirous
 of possessing cojiie* will oblige by sending ibeir or
 ders to Wilson AhmisteaD, Leeds; or to tire
 North Star Office.
 r R
 WHEREAS, Wait Hedges and Eleanor
 Hedges, his wile, **f the City of Rochester,
 on tlic fourteenth day of July, in the year of our
 Lord one thonsand eight hundred ami forty-five,
 Mortgaged to Gerrit Smith,of Pi tfcihoro,'Madi
 son County, for securing to him die payment of Two
 HunJred and lifty-five dollars, and interest, all that
 tract or parrel of land sitwtte in the City of Roches
 ter afotvsiiid, County of Monroe ami State of New
 York: To wit, thirty-three feet front on Glasgow
 street, :m-t running buck to the rear die same width;
 itiletvling to emhiace tin- East ludf of all lirnt eertaiu
 lot of laial in that part of h*t fifty-four (54,) in Tow n
 »hip No. 1, &lt;»f die Short Range, knmu as dm Cale
 donia PLd; on which tlic lan*l herein intended, is
 distinguished as lot O, lying lietween lots 104 ami
 103 of said plat; it being tin* East ludf of die sunn
 lot, formerly owned by Josiali Bis*-11, Junior, and
 conveyed to Ek-azer Tilfolson, on the 21st, day of
 March, 1*27 t See Monroe County Records, Liber
 Eight of Dceik, at |*igi- 471.
 Also, all that tract or parcel ot land, situate in the
 City of Rochester, Comity of Monroe, and f*tat&lt;- of
 New York. To wit, thirty-three feet front onGkts
 i gow street, and running Iwtk to tlm rear the some
 w idth, intending to embrace tiie West half, of all tluit
 1 certain kd of hnd in that part of krt fifty-four (54,)
 l in Tow n*hip No. one, of the Sliuvt Ramp-, known us
 the Caledonia Plat, on w Inch the kind heretu inteml
 el to be granted, is distinguished a* tot U, lying he
 tween lot 104 and 105 of said Plat; it lieing the
 West half of die same 1-4, f moertv owned hv Joskdi
 j BUm 11, Junior, ami cmivtvoi to Ek-axer TiUotsou,
 on the 21*t &lt;lay of March, JjSee Monroe Coun
 ly Records, Liber (eight (8,) a* supposed) of Deeds,
 at page 471.
 And, Whereas, default has been made in toe pay
 tuent of the moneys seenre I by said Mortgage, amt
 whi-'h are clntmml to am. suit at tlietimc of the first
 publication of tin* notice, to tiirae hundred ami two
 d«»Uar» (£302 00.) Now, therefore, notice i* iien-iiy
 given, tlut by virtue of a power of sale contained in
 tW sok! Mortgage, sad in por-nanre of the Ktutote*
 iu stteh cann, made ami provided, the above deserdi
 ed M-irtgagivi premise*, w ill 4&lt;e sold at public ais-tiou
 or Vemtoe at the C-oirt House, in tin- City of Roches
 ter. ‘*n lie twelfth day of June, next, at oue o’clock
 in toe afteraona of that day.
 GfcRRI r tiMITU, Mortgagee.
 KEIT. lITNTINfJTON, Alt’*.
 Peterboro, March 9, 1848. rnlO,
 UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 r JM) V. Hdarribr* are nwnn dart wring this iavato 4 hi
 X Cooking daw, desifnnl fisr Coal or Uw4,
 worroutd to excel any utju-r stove ever invented,
 am! t nvrtrucfe-l strictly npon {jhiloeopkicai ptiui ipk
 Thm Owe heated bv hot air, (toe o*dv hot air **»cw
 ever pateaiad,) and aamnto-i to take a* well a»
 am hrich oven. For sale only by dvr
 wholesale sad retail, 94, Ejuhang. Stnert.
 M. Hl'Bll It CO.
 pChfT AND WIL4.U4, Deafer* is Drug*, Msdt-
 X cine*, Cltetairab, Dye Pu,!h, Point*, Varnish, I
 OS*, Ghawan,Brushes, Perfraaerv, IK.gwrreravpe
 Htarh, IVeawh sad Gw— (Tto uirak, kium*
 CslHn, Bnmhes and Canvass, Ether ni Oil, Citdu
 Leaf— l Foil, tu. Jtr.
 Ikint lpti for avast of toe eefehrMcd Family
 ■ad vataihfe Paß Medienns, aaJ mviVHg
 ■a— kta tlt fossa toe Masufartnavrs sr tone A*-***,
 ihev an esAhd to s—ply all vnkn at wladesafe
 ted nnail, toe —at fitvorabfe terms.
 Usteaystot Jtostoa, Msdfemes, sad Fsmilt
 (—as, wito UM diairtiiuui Only age— fee Wern
 ers New Noth.
 Na-Trtk Marl—a,
 Phrngemi Gas i to* Etkvinl Oil sal La—*, fc*
 n&gt; *l *e same. Thus* who would mult rco
 —ay sad txatveafeacc aru invited to nuumur thr-
 I— tom TU an anti* nat Cv—trv Mae—*, Phn
 eveiaiw, F—ilini, sad etoura, uiahasa §&gt;*dje m tto
 ahnve bar, fe rofurtoci at the
 UXIX, 4, Esd—ju *um4.
OWtS ffOltßlSr CITT BISSEBT
 r»oi« r«r »ish«-tote newt* A meant*.
 MR. WRKIff wn* m the rmrlny f Mr. Narcwa
 Murne 4ue term war*, amf Hwk&gt;( that tic*
 pronml #&lt;r him Airr f*ilw fc r the N*»!
 i mumni U Btniinjl. exh toted at ik &gt;lo*
 chan mV Fan* hekl in this crty aw! IWaln.
 Gent kneeti'* Libear-c* tiled Wf» nnd tepavred
 Mmc l’*)4'i taini* Muik and I’tiraiiaiir LuuiMi
 and fciidH»i fc&lt; am pattern. IBank Amcnl R*Ar
 executed wl this e*tal-b*h«-e**t have frrrn iwwt jO*F».f
 •wtivtoctn*, ly U* u dm a* l tit) nod tkgaar*. Store t
 attcoO&gt;&lt;« i* alway* pW U&gt; the M*»lm &lt;*ned.
 to remkr them eqtnl to the brvt in the tailed 8 talc*
 w tln**r imported. _
 Ifiiiiirv* Stiw aivl Cwuil Bw*»
 I\wtf;.H.M, in all their vaiietkr, maKtitocairtd to
 order m tbr t«t ttxfc.
 Hawk*. Iw**»twfin»w. Jtoeirfie*. kr., m*T In
 assured j awk Uiu| tknt oa «in nawl a.»«*ijeui»
 Inna.
 (•rntVmra rrtirlip; at a distance, by pnekmj
 fu*wardiMg v..U inr* to the al e»e liirrctamr rtttmc
 l&gt;rW and ,i h',aa*) ret) wpo« U»eir U.ng Un»*j
 M uM taiwii« kran, ahn*
 j o*»rj&gt;i.|V retoiwyt.
 R.H. IV ha* rfam! an esters* in
 of. the estabiwUeawf, and wHrmWlng ht»*
 Weatrtn ,\.a York tk: bkit .datviCkvaU
 r-a Bbk:;., 5
 OWEN MORRIS*.
 OtT Binder*. under the Moma.
 BOSTON AMKRTtSWEVTS.
 i -m __=
 C LARK S O N,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A PEW rofir* ,4 &lt;l, %It K PON’S HISTORY
 A OF THE Abou t lON OF THE »LA\ K
 TRADE, will, j uliioij r. t.iik» on tin
 aUditi-m i«f Sli.m IcwtiUii a ilm&gt;,
 w ith a fine I’wtroit tla* .Vnthr, &lt;k ne on steel.—a
 i l*«k »hieii r'.nkt imt l« imj ertedl*»» W-sa Own toivu
 tk.lku*. ran be lad al 21, Cotuhii!, if a) pi.ee h r
 iinmeoiaH'!), at |!i&gt; l. w pijee of 0&gt; K lhaiil,
 cash. A Liu, EIT.CK.irM ON LftfU&lt;SON,ly
 Am uhbi k t'ar mmei.l, at Ua tv (luted pi ivy Jt
 t twche and a half* cent*.
 KOBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and (V»m*
 acliot at Law, l-uai't UuiaUng, Stale elicet.
 1 TOSF.ni TURPIN w. uhl invite the att
 1 uf his Inert*'* »*wl the pvWir to hi* DAG I KR.
 RIAN GALLERY, Ah. 138, Hn%«r*r .Si ml, utone
 he pledges himself to execute Muiulum wtUi a Id
 like tineh, and on as moderate term, us aio Loci,
 i the I'H.Jersioii.
 MACON It. ALLEN,Altcnei ami Comavlkr
 at MasiaeliuM‘tt.4 Rkxk.
 BOVS’ CLOTHING.
 OAMI FI. \VH&gt;*OX, 14. HnittV Strret, Itavitu;
 made ircent m'diliiwa tubU .-l.ak, ii |i.ef’ared to
 limiiili BOA S’ CLOTHING, .1 u» a«&gt;&gt;«J natetial
 and fit, u.k! at aa cl.cap juices, as can be oltomed in
 ll.e city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 54», I'stn* Stri et, Bo»ton.
 JOHN WRKiIiT keeps rimutmtl) on limn! a
 great yuriety ut New uud Sew,ml llaml Cl.itlmia.
 G*ih!s ut all kimls,sueh as old ek.tl.es, AY. I. good*,
 Watehcm, Boots anil Sh. es, &amp;r., eyrl.ai ged for m&gt;w
 clothing. Cash advance! on all kind, of g tx!»,
 from one to one hiunlmi ilnllai s.
 JOHN D. lIEVALEON, Hair ruttint; Sulvmi,
 and PerfuiiMny Euiporiuin, 114, Blnckstoi.e-st.
HEW YORK ADVERTISERE\TS.
 PHILIP A. HITE, Druggist, curuer of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 TI/iUJAM S. POWELL, fcailct’s Home, tl.
 T» Cbutty Sheet.
 DR. J. M’CUXE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
 1' J INNINGS, Suigeou-Dentict, 163, North
 Pi uUuUil}
 If. Toil*, Mpixluuii Tailtir, 646 tfroiiil*
 M Mil). Also an extensive ursoi tmeut ol Ciavat*,
 StcH-ks, Iteaiiv, (»k-vc, &amp;e.
 Albany, T'lL. 11, 1846.
 RGNTEEL HOARDING HOUSE.
 /'IIAKLES HIGIIGATE, woukl I ospecl InlK in-
 V. hum his hiends and the public, that he Continue,
 to devote every attention to those pleased to fav. r
 his “home” with a rail. The la,use is pLasuntly
 located at 632 Itcor.dwav, All.anv.
 l’eb. 18, 1848.
 1U11.1.1A11 RICH, Hair I&gt;rrssing and Pulhing
 r V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New Ymk.
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 f I IIF, nii.l. isigned, gnitefully uppreciaring tl»c rreilit
 A genet ously a war. led by a otsieming j uUir to his
 suieess as a Hydropathic Practitioner, would in.
 per-tlnlly nitorin the friends of llytlropathy, ll.at his
 establishment is pleasantly situated near ISemuaivilli
 on the west l»ank of the Licking Water, or Mill
 River, al-out two and a half miles from the centra
 ol the town. It is thiity-six by seventy feet; three
 stories high, witii a piazza on tin- south side. Tlare
 are separate parlors, buthing ami dressing r&lt;s,|U«, f.ic
 Lrdies and gentlemen. There arc also twenty loelging
 rooms, each of wliith is well ventilated ami con
 veniently tin nisiicd lor die ae&lt; ommmlatioii of two
 ts-tsons. Among the variety of Laths in tlie e.ta
 ilisluiu-nt are, the- r lurnm, doming dietK'lwe f an.f
 «|»iay Iwths. Tlm- ladies’ plun«e is »ix by ten lift,
 tine*; and a lialt deep; die gentlemen’s, right by
 twelve, three anil a halt deep. Tin re arc also two
 cold douched, one of which is situated a mile, and tiler
 otlier half a mils* from tlie cstnblisltnient. 11m- former
 has a tall of twenty-two liect, die Litter eighteen.
 The M'cmriv in tins vicinity is jm'turesijiic and
 romantic. There are a variety of pleasant walks
 passing near anil to springs of pure water. The
 walks sue sutlicicotly re-tire.l to alk,w water-euie
 patients tl. apjsar as th vy should, plainly dressed,
 lojoyiiig their rambles, without ls-ieg cxjn.iwnJ to
 politic ga/e or observution, 611111 dinly I'Vjieiawe,
 fin- tin- List three years, has strengthened his oj imon,
 that tla* condiiioo id tia* akin clearly indicate, tint
 character of many diseases, and tint uhdity 01 uwLildy
 «,f an invalid ti. I*;ir tlm watiT trcatnient m its
 various forms also die necessity of li.»
 ory w.M.tten blanket, or die wet slicet, l*i prutnoto
 evaporation or a sw**at, wfien cith. r ma\ be act&gt;
 snrv y a ad from ie*ohs which have attended l“..sa| |4i
 jatior* of the Ueatine.it, he hesitate* mar e&gt; »a*, that
 tlw rtr&lt;trtc symptom die skin nuiieatcs tUaltly or
 fn/Urr,nml tiuit an invalid, wlit.se skin is not attended
 with this svui|4i&gt;ni, canrM,( Is safety or smtessfiilly
 treated witii water. Aruoug the complaint, which
 are lure mrce.sfally treated, are pulinonaiy a fleet mo,
 liver coou Lunts, jaamlicc, at utc orthronte inflam
 mation ot dm howels, piies, tly*|ej&gt;*iu, genetwl .Jr
 bihtv, iH-rvuos atui spomi alle.-tmns, mdainmutoi v
 •n 1 chiome rhruiwititm, isuia'gja, sS'iatna, Isua
 limbs, i iiralysi., fevers, suit ihe-uin, si lofuLms an.)
 cry sirs-las lH»nue.
 All psttio.its wla» visit tliii *fti.liliilimsnt f.r it
 rourse of Ueatment, should lornuh tiuuseivc* with
 dirce eomti.i tables, three w.M,llen binnk. ts, one fineit
 and three ctrftmi slutf*, two pilt&gt;w ruses, six cia.h
 towels, some well wot 11 hmn, to cut for haueototn.iw,
 an okl cb,uk or mantle, anil a sy ringe.*
 Terms Ux Irentuieiit and Is,aid are fS V) p*r
 week,for tim*e wtm ocewpy ns.ms on tin- third tooi;
 mi if*' first ami wcanvit tfoors, f 6 UO per week
 pavabW- weekly; washing tall a. A pul vent, wls,,‘
 ft.an Cts ice or necessity, .atupie# a r,s u, »fout, on
 die Utiid lh»»r, will t.y %8 00 ja-r vr.ek ;on dm
 lir*t atuf scrourl A sir., th 30 per week. Invalid*
 win. are is. fw bk as to need e*U;» aurutw.ii ami In*
 in tfa-ir rosin, (except f.„ swutlimg pnwjsaas.y w .ll
 pna ure timnr own luaae* amt furt, p a v an tvu*
 price.
 1). HIGGLE.
 A /rtiwefc., A«f. 1847.
 N.B. The afflicts I, desircHs (4!eir,« examined it|
 regaid to twehr cm pGints, and of a*ccrt:iirtii»2 tin
 to,too* &lt;4 the in Um.it jauUcuiir
 «a*i-, .IsHihJ (ail uu Turaday* unii Friday*.
 Tin* »rj«fßW»p!Jt may he obtained at tlw e.uj
 dnfiwrM.
 11TII.LIAM B. LOCi IN, DeulfT i« r*-hso**Uw
 V Ilflwu ml tbmmt 00, Purchase 6t»o t, New
 Bc£&lt;d.
 M H. 1.. keep* ssmtsnth on hand food
 «*ein, ami wifi writ cheap fur cash. Ktrv-t an**"-
 ymi,l us ciwt awurt W work, by Urmia. I’seUr and
 Duv IS.
 \I’’AKIII\frrON*B DmrmvrtaJ. I*.
 Mam fH.eet, ht lhgj’v BaiHing., Ilarttnd,
 CnmrctifO,
 THE DELAWARE ABuLITtO.MMT.
 k H IPER the *ht.v&lt; mum w.U to pU&gt;h,d*g m
 A Uiluu»{M, hy the Detow are Awtr-Btovrrv
 ifXtrtt It wifi he edited hy a Use, and w ill
 m uij..tw-d m a ImK 4w«, twenrv-Lv*
 WMI* I yews. Mr U twenty Turn wWuUl*. U»dy*
 hrvutesf to w—weipwiiow m Ito to watt, ami «.tt m u
 osrwtr It* aennw hitnmwt hy aR towlwl mamma. »l
 silt he pMtJi.hwJ an 11 iii.kUml). 4 mmmm atm a i.
 urttoJ, Mr am UtoA as the mamma ran be
 JA3ftS B BROOKE
 rUJiahiitf Af*m.
