FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M R. DKLANr, EmtoM
VOL. I. NO. XVIII.
The WORTH STAR to y«bli»M even
 Friday, al Jf*. 39, Beffale Street,
 (Oppimtr (h Arrant.)
 TERMS.
 Two &lt;WVwr» |yr aaaum, aim* jf* m cAmnce. X*
 rulntj i(i(iun «iil l« reo iwl I l ll w
 .it in urtw. i
 \dr*&gt;rti&lt;«»tn*ot« not rvwdirtf tM In** wonneo
 thrre tnn-* fcr &lt;&gt;n.- «MLri e*«7 cr
 tv*», twenty-five rente.
 The oipet «f t!«- \&lt;*«th Sta* »i« aitark
 Slat kit in all iu
 fIIVKSMI. EeASCirtriov; cviU (lie .Uuniara
 of i'r«i ic M .tiun thf nJ
 «..Urt*U in4irorm. nl -f .hr Colon." r^rvf.;
 *.*J ,hr of FREEDOM .to r«Rr.r.
 of Fellow Coc!.-
 tny«r.!«.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fr&gt; ttl r.»n&gt;n-«M.rnii**n. rrlatm? to the hnnne**
 f nnier. nann-e of etifiMTiher*, remit
 rjz: tr.xzn* «w*« c.
 fVr.1,1., PtWiAer.
 ftj- A*eme, an l all other* unvhnjj name*, are
 terrieelcl to le a.-runilr, an.l give tin- Pm* Office,
 the C,*»tv, and tie- Sua*. Earb Hwl&gt;«er»l«er wm
 mr.lial. lv re.litr I U money rm&gt;ivcri.
v |v t*nu M’.eling in the payment bn 1 fmir
 *u\*&lt; TiU-ri, to lw fot'war.Wwi U» one ail.lre.'*, may
 have a fifll. enjiv bn* one year.
 All I-turn ami romuuniicatioua muiit lie pint
 pud.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mm .fHC'KTTS.—R. F. Walnut, 21, Comb ill,
 XV.-toil; N .than J &gt;bni*oti, N.-w lle.lf.ird; Horatio W.
 Font -r, l.m.11; Jam."* N. Ilulfum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, Woiniu r IVwirne Spiom-r, Plymouth;
 f’lurln. 11. Sat!t, S|iri*igliel-I Davi-J Rubles,
 NorthainiUo.i; IL Caniruter, Cplon.
 M VI*K. —Oliver DmneM, P.ntlaml.
 Vi k r. jV«#rlli Fer
 risbm
 (*i» \\yct ic v r. Joiwlh;ri I/hißaril, Mcri.H*n.
 Nkvv II MPOIIRK. —We-ire Ta|l|»:i'i, Brst'MiirH.
 N k&gt;v VoitK.-—Sv Inev H. (*a\. 112, Nassau
 Slrvel .la a-. MrC'l ie Solit'i, 93. Went Bros hvay;
 J„aeph p.wt, W vilmn. (ineen Co'.mtv; Marv llar
 \lham; Elia* Dotv. Man-ion; Willetts how,
 P.-r’i, Cliaion Count,; William S. ILiltiinore, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Hath.
 Riiouk l«t. M).—Amaranrv Paine, Pn»v.&lt;le&gt;iee.
 pKUx*vi.v-t!Mv.—J. M. M Kim,3l, North 1-iftii
 Sti l. Phil. lelp’iia; G. Gnimm, S, Lvliunge
 Plan-, DiMo; 11. Vash in, 11. IVm-u, Pitt.Mmrg;
 William Whipwer, C .hi nliia; Daae li d*-rti«, Jawdi
 1.. Pav.u, N nvi.-t-nvn, M »ni -ry t
 Ohio. Cl,ri*tian D »ial -Unn, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harveysburgli,
 NVarren ('.ninty; Samm-I llrmikc, Salem.
 MicH.ti vs.'—!tolwrt Hanks, Detroit.
 1 vim v* —-Joel P. Davis, Eeonomy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
 From Parker’s Letter on Slavery,
 SLAVERY CONSIDERED AS A
 WRONG.
 I am now (o speak of Slavery con
 sidered as a wrong, or offence against
 the natural and eternal Laws of God.
 You all know it is wrong a crime
 against humanity, a sin before Almighty
 God. The great men who call slavery
 —right and just;—do they not know
 better? The little and humble men who
 Jisten to their speech—do not we all
 know better? Yes, we all know that
 slavery is a sin before God; is the un
 ion of many sins. On this theme I will
 gay but a word.
 The Roman code declares liberty the
 oalural estate of man, but culls slavery
 an institution of positive Law, by
 which one man is made subject to an
 other, contrary to nature, liy the He
 brew Law it was a capital offence lo
 steal a man and sell him, or hold him
 ns a slave.
 Now if that doctrine he true which
 the American people once solemnly de
 clared self-evident—that all men arc
 created with equal rights then every
 slave in the United States is stolen.—
 Then slavery is a continual and aggra
 vated theft. It matters not that the
 slave’s mother was stolen before. To
 take tile child of a slave must be theft
 a* much as to take the child of a free
 man; it is stealing mankind. He
 that murders a child has no defence
 in the fact that he first murdered the
 .sire.
 When wc hear that the Emperor of
 Russia or Austria, for some political
 opinion, shuts a man in the Spielberg,
 or sends him to Siberia, for life—we
 pity the victim of such despotic power,
 thinking his natural rights debarred.—
 Hut the defence is, that the man had
 shown himself dangerous to the welfare
 of the State, and so had justly forfeited
 his rights. When we reduce a man to
 a slave, making him a thing we can
 plead no extenuation of the offence.
 The slave is only “guilty of a skin
 not colored like our own”—guilty of
 the misfortune to be weak and unpro
 tected. For this he is deprived of his
 liberty; he and his children.
 Slavery is against nature. It has no
 foundation in the permanent nature of
 man, in the nature of things, none in
 the eternal laws of God, as reason and
 conscience declare that law. Its foun
 dation is the selfishness, the tyranny of
 strong inen. V\ c all know it is so—the
 little and the great. Letter say it at
 once, and with Mr. Rutledge declare
 that religion and humanity have nothing
 to do with the matter, than make the
 miserable pretence that it is consistent
 with reason and accordant with Chris
 tianity even the boys know better.
 In the last century your fathers cried
 out to God against the oppressions laid
 on them by England, justly cried out.
 Yet these oppressions wer# but little
 things—a tax on sugar, parchment, pa
 per, tea; nothing but a tat, allowing
 no voice in the granting theroof or its
 spending. They went to war for an ab
 straction —the great doctrine of Human
 Rights. They declared themselves
 free, free by right of birth, free be
 cause born men and children of God.
 For the justice of their cause, they
 made solemn appeal to God Most High.
 What was the oppression the fathers
 suffered, to this their sons commit It
 is no longer a question about taxes and
 representatives, a duty on sugar, parch
 merit, paper, tea, but the liberty, the
 persons, the lives of three millions of
 men are in question. Y'ou have taken
 their liberty, their persons, and render
 their lives bitter by oppression. Was it
.luihwß tT***t*Mh*A •srl*
 THE NORTH STAR
 AJLXA-i II Ull 111 m 1 illlr
r i right in your fatherf to draw the swore
 and slay the oppressor, who taxed their
 for his own purpose, taking bat theii
 money, nor much of that? Wereyoui
 1 1 fathers noble men for their resistance i
 ‘j when they fell in battle did they fall ir
 j the sacred cause of God and theii
 country?” Do you build monument!
 to their memory and write thereon,
 Sacred to Liberty and the Rights ol
 Mankind?” Do you speak of Lexing
 ton and Bunker Hill as spots most deai
 in the soil of the New World, the Zion
 of Freedom, the Thcrmopyla of oni
 i versa! right? Do you honor the name
 of Washington far beyond all political
 names of conqueror or king How
 then can you justify your oppression?
 how refuse to admit that the bondmen
 of the United States have the same
 i right, and a far stronger inducement to
 draw the sword and smite at your very
 life? Surely you cannot do so, not in
 America; never till Lexington and
 Bunker Hill arc wiped out of the earth;
 never till the history of your own revo
 lution is forgot; never till the names of
 the Adamses, of Jefferson, of Wash
 ington, is expunged from the memory of
 men.
 When the rude African who rules
 over Dahomey or the Gaboon country
 burns a village and plunders the shriek
 ing children of his fellow barbarians to
 sell them away into bondage forever,
 far from their humble but happy homes
 and their luxuriant soil, their bread
 fruit and their palms, far from father
 and mother, from child and lover, from
 all the human heart clings to with ten
 derest longing—you arc filled with hor
 ror at the deed. What steal a
 man, say yon; Great God, you
 ask, “is the Gaboon chieftain a man,
 or but a taller beast, with mind more
 cunning and far reaching claws?” That
 chieftain is a barbarian. He knows not
 your letters, your laws, the tenets of
 your religion. The nobler nature ol
 the man sleeps in his savage breast.—
 His only plea is—his degradation. His
 defence before the world and before
 God is this: He is a savage, he knows
 no law- but force, no right but only
 might alone. For that plea and de
 fence the civilized man must excuse
 him, perhaps God hold him guiltless.
 But when a civilized nation comes,
 with all the art and science which man
 kind has learned in the whole lifetime ol
 the race, and steals the children of the
 defenceless, stimulating the savage to
 plunder h*s brothers and make them
 slaves, the offence has no such excuse;
 it is a conscious crime; a wrong before
 the judgment of the nations; a sin be
 fore God.
 In your case it is worse still; the Au
 tocrat of all the Russias may have no
 theory of mail’s unalienable rights ad
 verse to the slavery he aims to abolish
 on his broad estates and wide-spread
 realm; the Bey of Tunis deals not in
 abstractions, in universal laws, knows
 nothing of unalienable rights and the
 inborn equality of man. liut you, the
 people of the United States; you, ana
 lion of free men, who owe allegiance to
 none; you, a Republic, one of the fore
 imst nations of the earth; you, with
 your theories of human, universal jus
 tice; you who earliest made national
 proclamation to mankind of human
 right, and those three political ideas
 w hereon the great American Cominou
 i wealth now stands and rests; you who
 profess to form a government not on
 force, but law, not on national tradi
 tions, but abstract justice—the nation’s
 constant and perpetual will to give to
 every one his constant and perpetual
 right; you who would found a State
 not on cannon balls—but Universal
 Laws, Thoughts of God, —what pica
 can you put totth in your defence?
 You call yourselves Christians. It is
 your boast. Christianity,” say the
 courts, “is the Common Law of the
 land.” You have a religion w'hich tells
 that God is the Father, equal, just and
 loving, to all mankind—the Red man,
 whom you murdered, and the Black
 man whom you have laid in iron, hurt
 ing his feet with fetters. It tells you,
 all are brothers, African, American,
 Red man, and Black and White. It
 1 tells you, as your highest duty, to love
 God w’ith all your heart; to love his
 justice, love his Mercy, love his love;
 to love that brother as yourself—the
 more he needs, to love him still the
 more; that without such love for men,
 there is no love for God. The Sacred
 Books of the nation—read in all pulpits,
 sworn over in all courts of justice,
 borne even in your war-ships, and shel
 tered by the battle-flag of your armies
 —the sacred books of the nation tell,
 that Jesus, the highest, dearest revela
 tion of God to men, who loved them
 all, that He laid down his life for them,
 for all; and bade you follow him! What
 is a natural action in the savage, a mere
 mistake in the despot of Turkey
 or Russia, with you becomes a con
 j scious and fearful wrong. For you
 ito hold your brothers in bondage, to
 keep them from all chance of culture,
 growth in mind, or heart, or soul; for
 you to breed them as swine, and beat
 as oxen; to treat them as mere things,
 without soul or rights,—whv, what a
 ’mistake in political economy,’ a wrong
 before your ideas of Government, be
 comes a sin foul and heinous before
 vour ideas of Man, and Christ, and
 (rod.
 1 When you remember the intelligence
 !of this age, its accumulated stores of
 knowledge, science, art, aud wealth ol
 j matter and of mind, its know lodge ol
 justice and eternal right; when you
 consider that in political ideas you stand
 the first people in the vanguard of man
 kind, now moving towards new and
 peaceful conquests for the human race*
 when you redact on the great doctiinea
 of universal right set forth in so many
 forms amongst you by the Senator and
 the school-boy; when you bring home
RIGHt W OF NO fcfcX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
to your bosoms the religion-whose sa
 cred words are taught in that Bible, las
 up in your churches, reverently kept ii
 your courts of justice, carried unde
 the folds of your Rag over land and mi
 —that Bible, by millions multiplied am
 spread throughout the peopled work
 in every barbarous and stammerinj
 tongue, —and then remember that ski
 very is here that three million men an
 now by Christian Republican Americi
 held in bondage worse than Egyptian
 hopeless as hell,—you must take this
 matter to heart, and confess that Ame
 rican slavery is the greatest, foolest
 wrong which man ever did to man; tb&lt;
 most hideous and detested sin a natiot
 has ever committed before j«Mt, ah
 bounteous God a wrong and a su
 wholly without excuse.
 «THEY ARE A STUPID RACE,
 MADE TO BE SLATES.**
 Two slaves in Louisiana were lei
 out by their master, at a considerable
 distance from his own residence. Thej
 were skilful, intelligent mechanics, and
 of course h e obtained high wages foi
 their work. What time remained aftei
 their daily allotted tasks were finished,
 they were allowed to have for them
 selves; and these precious hours they
 employed most industriously with the
 view of purchasing their freedom.—
 When they had accumulated, by patienl
 toil, a sum which they deemed suffi
 cient, they endeavored to negotiate
 with their master, hut without success.
 Again they went to work, and after twe
 or three years were enabled to offer a
 sum so large that they felt almost cer
 tain it would tempt him to accede tc
 their wishes. But he found them toe
 j profitable to be lightly parted with;
 moreover, whatever they had of pro
 perty was in reality his. He might,
 with perfect impunity, have taken all
 their hard-earned wages, and kepi
 them in slavery still, as thousands ol
 slaveholders had done before him. But
 whether he doubted their having sc
 1 much money as they pretended, oi
 whether he was too honorable to steal
 more than ninety-nine hundredths ol
 their earnings, I know not; at al
 events, he would not listen to their pro
 position on any terms.
 Finding they could not purchase li
 berty, they wisely resolved to take it
 The enterprise was a perilous one, foi
 1 tlirough a long line of slave states they
 must run the gauntlet of patrols, blood
 hounds, lynchers, jail keepers and rifle*
 —and if they reached the States called
 j free, they must dodge constables and
 kidnappers,backed by the glorious Con
 stitution.
 They were sufficiently intelligent an&lt;]
 1 well-informed to understand the dan
 gers they would incur, and to devise a
 most cunning method of avoiding
 them.
 They made themselves acquainted
 w ith a white beggar, and made him of
 fers large enough to secure his secrecy.
 They dressed him in a handsome suit
 of clothes, and through his agency
 purchased a carriage and a fine span
 of horses. They brought the carriage
 to an appointed place, stood hat in hand
 1 while lie entered, and then mouuted
 outside as footman and groom. Ol
 course no patrol thought of challenging
 I such au equipage; and a white geutlc
 inan travelling through the couutry, at
 tended by his servants, was welcomed
 |at all the inns. The obsequiousness oi
 their manners was an admonition to
 their brethren in bonds. “Yes, massa,”
 and Certainly, massa,” were accom
 panied with the most profound bows,
 and spoken in the humblest tones.
 The trio arrived in Buffalo unmolest
 ed there the carnage and horses were
 sold; and the white beggar paid hand
 somely for consenting to play the gen
 tleman.
 The slaves passed over to Victoria’s
 I dominions, whence they wrote a very
 friendly letter to their whilom master,
 begging that he would feel no uncasi
 ness on their account, as they were
 most comfortably situated. —l. m. c.—
 A. S. Standard.
 FRENCH REVOLUTION.-SLAVERT
 AT HOME.
 Mr. Palfrey, of Massachusetts moved
 i the reconsideration of the vote of yes
 i terday, upon the French congratulatory
 i resolutions. His motive was a speech,
 of course upon this Revolution, and
 upon kindred topics at home. He
 avowed the doctrine that despotisms
 might exist in the form or name of free
 institutions. He meant Slavery, but
 meant by this speech to say something
 in reply to the member from Virginia,
 t(Mr. Bayly.) Mr. Palfrey reminded
 that gentleman, that though Massa
 i chusetts was by no means, a perfect
 commonwealth, she was not too old to
 learn as he feared Virginia was.
 Mr. Bayly wished to know whether
 Massachusetts allowed colored men to
 sit in the Jury box.
 Mr. Palfrey said he did not know,
 but there was nothing prohibiting it.
 1 The selectmen of Massachueets could
 put such names among those selected,
 l if they wished. But the time had been,
 he believed, when a colored mao was
 elected to the Legislature of Masse
 chusetts.
 Mr. Bayly. Did he take his seat?
 Mr. Palfrey believed nut. Perhaps
 the man was modest, aad did eot like to
 take bis seat in a body where all were
 ,of a different color. Wuald the gen-
 Llemaa like to have his seat in an
 'assembly composed entirely of black
 men JlrOTnense laughter]
 Mr. Palfrey went on to show what
 Massachusetts had done in this matter,
 t and defended her liberal measures fo
 wards the colored population of the
 State. Many ef tbeee were worthy
 men, and many of them were wealthy
BOCHESTEB, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1848.
and intelligent mm% Among these h«
 I had the pleasure of affixing the seal of
 i Massachusetts, as Secretary of State,
 r to one of the colored men claiming to
 i be admitted to the bar. He assured
 I the gentleman from Virginia, if he
 I shoe Id come before this magistrate,
 that be Would be treated with a mark
 of caorteay and kindness. He had a
 mu attending a high school, which was
 t open alike for free Macks and whites;
 and if his son would treat any one not
 i his own color, with less respect than
 others, he should foel leas affection for
 him than he now entertained.
 Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, wished
 i to know if be [Mr. Palfrey] would
 allow one of these blat,* boys to be
 i wedded to bis daughter?
 Mr. Palfrey said, be should intro
 dace no one to bis family, who was aot
 agreeable to them, aad the defence el
 a principle of liberty did not suppose
 that be should be required to change
 the social relations of his own family.
 The gentleman might ask much more
 important and difficult questions than
 this.
 Mr. Palfrey spoke further in defence
 of the meliorationg laws of Massa
 chusetts.
 Mr. Bayly rose to reply. He did
 not mean to say anything unkind to
 the gentleman, whom, for his courtesy
 of manner and great propriety of con
 duct, he esteemed, but whose senti
 ments were most abhorrent. Mr.
 Bayly commented with some severity
 upon the Massachusetts law, which did
 not allow her State officers to provide
 for the rescue of fugitive slaves.
 There was quite a running debate
 upon this topic, from which it appeared
 Pennsylvania had done precisely the
 same thing as Massachusetts.
 There was much comment upon the
 celebrated law of *93. and Constitu
 tional power in regard to fugitives
 from labor.
 Mr. Bayly argued these questions
 just half way, leaving out all matter
 material to the other side. He forgot
 to say, what none was pleased to state,
 that Chief Justice Taney had given it
 j as his opinion that the State Legis
 latures had power to pass a restraining
 law prohibiting her officers from exe
 cuting the law of ’93 in regard to
 fugitives from labor. Pensylvania and
 j Massachusetts have done this and no
 more. Bayly was at a loss for facts,
 j in sustaining the laws of Massachusetts,
 Pennsylvania and New York, upon the
 question of legislation touching run
 away slaves.
 Mr. Ashmun spoke of the overbear
 ing and insolent manner of the gentle
 man from Virginia, of his arrogance
 and superciliousness of temper. He
 should not reply in any such spirit, but
 would administer a rebuke to the geu-
 J Demon for the manner in. which he had
 i addressed the House. And Mr. Ash
 mun, in good taste, good temper, and
 j even great good humor, did administer
 this rebuke. I have heard nothing
 better in the House for a long, long
 time.
 Mr. Giddings was allowed to explain
 the law of 1793, and to define and
 defend it at some length,
 j Mr. Ashinuu reminded the Southern
 I members haw Massachusetts inen had
 been treated in Carolina, Louisiana,
 and elsewhere. They were itnpris
 j oned, punished, maltreated, and their
 owners compelled to pay the cost of
 this illegal punishment. They would
 not even allow the validity of the Con
 stitution to be tried upon this point of
 debate.
 Mr. Bayly, of Va., was permitted to
 rejoin in a few words, and the debate
 i was now upon personal topics, though
 I comparatively calm. Mr. Bayly am
 i used the House by his arrogant man
 ner—always arrogant, though he ap
 pealed to the House to say whether it
 was so or not, as if members, one by
 one, were to rise and tell him he was
 arrogant, and supercilious, and haugh
 ty, as he really is.
 In regard to the colored citizens of
 Massachusetts, (imprisoned at the
 South,) the act was defended out and
 out.
 The fight ran from Massachusetts
 into Virginia. The Virginia delegates
 were all appealed to by Mr. BayTy to
 endorse him, and their silence was to
 be construed into an approval, whether
 they had heard him or not.
 Mr. Pendleton, of Virginia was not
 willing thus to endorse in the dark,
 j and said, not having heard, he could
 not approve or disapprove.
 Mr. Bayly, in much temper. —Then
 there was no occasion for you to rise.
 Mr. Pendleton.—And there was no
 occasion for your appeal.
 Mr. Bayly said, now he cared not
 what his colleague thooght, and Mr.
 Pendleton retorted with s mw just re
 i kuke of the uniform bad temper of his
 i colleague, whose manner now he cer-
 I tainly did not endorse, however much
 he might concur with him on the sub
 ject of slavery. There was no Aboli
 tion party in Virginia.
 The question was now taken at a
 late hour, and the motion to reconsider
 laid upon the table by yeas and nays,
 125 to 44.— Csrr. .V. V. Exprtt.
 Washington, April ll*.
 Rk*pi*«. Three very excellent
 things, ami of great utility, are reading,
 i conversation, and reflection. By read
 ing, we treat with the dead; by eon-
 I vernation, with the bring and by reflee
 tion. with ourselves. Reading enrich
 es the memory, conversation polishes
 the mind, and reflection forms the judg
 merit. But of these noble employments
 of the soul, were we to say which we
 1 think the most important, we unit con
 ffcaa that rending seems to be the
 i groundwork of the other two, since
 without tending, contemplation is fruit
 less, «t»d conversation dull and insipid.
BUCK LAW or ILLWOUL
 The people of Ifthnon, have adopted
 by a large majority, the clause of the
 New Constitution which was separately
 submitted to them, authorizing the legis
 lature to adopt measure* to prerent the
 immigration of negroes to that State.—
 Any provision of that character which
 the legislature may frame, win he ia
 flagrant violation of the common consti
 tution, and void. It will be so declared
 by the proper tribunals of Illinois, and
 no actual mischief will be done to those
 against whom this decree of Chinese
 barbarism is directed. The question
 was settled, so far as the opinion ot
 Congress could determine it, upon the
 admission of Missouri. Site presented
 a constitution containing a similar pow
 er of exclusion, but was obliged to de
 clare her assent tea funds mental con
 dition,” that no such law should ever
 be passed, before the act erecting her
 into a State took effect. She hasviola
 ted it, to be sure, with the habitual
 shamelessness and bad faith which
 characterizes the legislation of the slave
 States, but the principle has keen sol
 emnly decided, by the representatives
 of the people, including those from the
 infected region.
 Citizenship does not depend upon
 color, and the free black man has,
 therefore, pledged to him by the bond
 of our Union, an indefeasible right ot
 going to and settling in any part of our
 common country, with no restrictions
 which are not imposed upon other citi
 zens.
 The only thing to be lamented then,
 is the ungenerous, base, and truckliug
 spirit which has been manifested by
 this impotent injustice. It is base and
 truckling, because it is dictated by
 sycophancy to their neighbors of Mis
 souri, and by unwillingness to undertake
 the defence of their colored citizens
 against the bloodhounds, two footed and
 four footed, from the opposite side of
 the Mississippi. It is ungenerous, be
 cause it is an assault upon the weak
 and powerless. The stain upon the
 j character of Illinois will remain indeli
 ble, while the purpose for which her
 people have “filed their mind” will fail
 of accomplishment. It is, in the lan
 guage of Talleyrand,worse than a crime
 —it is a blunder.
 Think upon it a little, and upon what
 reason can it be justified, suppose the
 power was clear? Has the great com
 tn mwealth of Illinois no land to spare
 in her borders? Does she abjure tjie
 proud claim of the other members of
 the confederacy, to be the refuge of the
 oppressed of all lands? Is she fearful
 that her internal quiet will be jeapor
 dised by the advent of a few poor, ig
 norant, friendless negroes, seeking only
 toe means of subsistence and debarred
 from all political power? Why, they
 are few at the most, and the sure pro
 gress of mortality exhausts them in a
 Northern clime with greater rapidity
 than the whites. The truth is, that the
 tyranous and the slavish spirit are made
 of the same elements. Cowardice is
 the fundamental basis of both. Those
 who arc most jealous of their own
 rights, and most ready to defend them
 to the last extremity—respect most the
 rights of others. Those who live in
 abject fear of the strong, compensate
 for their self abasement by oppressing
 the weak.
 That the naked prejudice of color
 may have had sxnething to do with the
 action of the Illinois majority is very
 probable. That its being one of the
 strongholds of what styles itselfDcmoc
 racy, may serve yet better to account
 for it, is beyond question. Nobody is
 more averse to any measure of genuine
 equality, that regards man as man, and
 looks to that elevation of masses,”
 which is the eternal cry of the party,
 than your thoroughbred Democrat,
 especially at the South and West.
 Rochester Dctnocrat.
 THE PBEM IN FRANCE.
 In no portion of Europe is the press
 conducted with more spirit, ability, and
 independence, than in France. The
 j Press of Paris elevated Louis Philippe
 ito the throne, under the most solemn
 promises of reform on the part of the
 ambitious aspirant to it. The same
 power that elevated the now exiled
 monarch, was the willing instrument
 of his downfall.
 No sooner had Loots become fairly
 warm in his seat, than he attempted to
 make the Press of Paris wholly sub
 servient to his dictation. This he
 found an impossible task to accomplish.
 Persuasion had no effect. Threaten
 ing did not silence the utterings of
 thought. As a last resort prosecutions
 were brought to bear, but that did not
 stifle the cry of reform, it only resulted
 in tbc dethronement and exile of the
 i monarch, and the liberty of the French
 nation.
 t The number of prosecutions against
 I the Press, during the reign of Louis
 j Philippe, almost exceeds belief. They
 amount, according to the National
 newspaper, to 114).
 Add to this, there have been fifty
 seven newspapers suppressed by order
 of government.
 Upwards of a million and a quarter
 of dollars have been drawn from editors
 in the shape of fines.
 One of the public prisons of Paris
 i has berm constantly crowded with the
 managers of public journals.
 I On the I?th anurveruary of Louis
 t Philippe** reign, common malefactors
 t were the only prisoners singled out to
 receive the royal pardon. Those con
 victed of political oflence* were beyond
 the sympathies of the Citizen King.
 Such has been the policy of fronts
 Philippe, in regard to-the Press of the
 s French nadon. The result wifi be
 lesson to ■Hies in power, who attempt
to subsidise, or fading to do so, to pro
 socuto tbe Press for uttering its boor*
 N convictions of right end doty.
 i
 HAPPY SLAVES.
 I once passed a colored woman *1
 work on a plantation, who was staging,
 i apparently, with animal ion, and whose
 i general manners would bayjs led me tc
 set her down ad the happiest of the
 gang. 1 said to her, Your work aeean
 pleasant to you.* She replied, No,
 massa.* Supposing she referred to
 something particularly disagreeable in
 her immediate occupation, 1 Mid to her,
 Tell roe then what part of your work
 is roost pleasant.' She answered with
 much emphasis, ‘No part pleasant. We
 forced to do it.*
 The celebrated Dr. Raab, of Phila
 delphia, in one of his published medical
 papers, entitled “An account of the
 diseases peculiar to the negroes in the
 West Indies, and which are produced
 by their slavery," says:
 We are told by their masters that
 they are the happiest people in the
 world, because they are merry.
 Mirth and a heavy heart, 1 believe,
 otlen meet together, and hence the pro
 priety of Solomon's observation, 1 In
 the midst of laughter the heart is sad.
 Instead of considering the songs and
 dances as marks of their hnppiness, 1
 have long considered them as physical
 symptoms of melancholy, and as ccr
 t tain proofs of their misery."— Jim. Mu
 seum, vol. 4. p. 81.
 Finally, if slaves were contented and
 happy, that fact alone should be the
 everlasting condemnation of slavery,
 and hunt the monster from human soci
 ety with curses on its head. What
 does it so paralyze the soul, subvert its
 instincts, blot out its reason, crush its
 upward tendings, and murder its higher
 nature, that a man can become con
 tented and happy, though robbed ol
 his body, mind, free choice, liberty,
 time, earnings, and all his rights, and
 while his life, limbs, health, conscience,
 food, raiment, sleep, wile and children,
 have no protection, but are subject ev
 ery moment to the whims and passion
 i gusts of an owner, a manstealer? No
 bly was it said by Burke, in reply to a
 vaunting slaveholder, who boasted that
 his slaves were “contented and hap
 py”: “If you have made a contented
 slave, you have made a DEGRADED
 MAN.'
 ADDRESSED TO HUSBANDS.
 A woman ought to have her own
 I purse, great or small, which ever it
 may be. Ten, fifty, a hundred, or a
 thousand dollars, according to circum
 stances, but her own, for which she
 accounts to herself. Would you know
 why,’ you gentlemen who make your
 wives account for.pins and cents?
 Why, most especially and particularly
 for your own sublime peace and pros
 perity. You do not think so Well,
 then a tea-cup, a glass are broken,
 or suddenly tea-pot, cup, and glass, all
 at once fall in pieces, and nobody has
 broken them and so on. The wile
 who has not her own purse, but who
 must replace the cups and glass, goes
 to her husband, relates the misfortune,
 and begs for a little to make good the
 damage. He scolds the servants, his
 wife, who ought to look after the serv
 ants. “Money, indeed!—a little
 money—money does not grow out of
 the ground, nor yet is it rained down
 from heaven—many small brooks make*
 a great river.” And such like. At
 last he gives a little money, and re
 mains often in a very ill humor. Again:
 if the wife have her own little purse,
 then such little vexations never come
 near him. Children, servants, mis
 fortune, remain the same but no dis
 order is remarked all is made right
 as at first all is in order and the
 head of the house, who, perhaps, with
 the greatest ease, could lay down a,
 thousand rixdollars at once, need not:
 for a few pence, squeezed out at differ
 ent times, loose the equipoise of his
 temper, which is as invaluable to the
 whole as to himself. And dost thou
 reckon as nothing thou unfeeling nabob,
 those little surprises, those little birth
 day and names-day pleasures, with,
 which thy wife can give herself the de- j
 light of surprising thee—those thousand
 small pleasures, weich, unexpected asj
 failing stars, gleam like them on the
 heaven of home, and which rauwt all 1
 come to thee from the affection of thy
 wjfe, though—a little money, which j
 thou must give to her in the gross, in
 order to receive again in the small,
 with rich interest of comfort and happi
 ness? Now, is it clear yet? To every
 true woman’s heart it is indescribably
 delightful to give—to feel itself alive
 in the satisfaction and happiness of
 others it is the suusUiue of the heart, j
 and is more needed here iu the cold,
 north perhaps than elsewhere. —Jiory
 Colo** or 30,000 Blacks is Cas
 io a.— This colony, settled in the fer
 tile country between Lakes Huron and
 Erie, seems to be flourishing. They!
 have a manual labor school—the Bri-!
 tish American Institute, at Dawn Mills,]
 the bead of navigation on the Syden
 ham river, sixty miles from Detroit, I
 with a tract of 900 acres attached,!
 and sev en buildings. Among the new t
 enterprises ia progress is a large steam
 mill.
 AorißTiou 09 CiMur PovrAea.—j
 Great Britain, with 90,000,000 of peo-,
 pie—sent through the mails last year
 eleven letters to each person, at two
 cent# per letter. The Unit* d Slates
 with 30,000,009 of people, only sent in
 the same time two and a half lctt«*i* i
 each, at five and ten cent* a letter. i
wi r
 JO i
WF'U
Tins YOVS6 SAITS COTIiSE.
 I
 I mw him first at a social parly.
 He look but a single glass of wine,
 ami that in compliance with the request
 of a fair young lady with whom he
 t conversed.
 1 hint »®*t, when he supposed
 e w unseen, taking a glass to satis
 fy the slight desire formed by his sordid
 f indulgence. He thought there was no
 i danger.
 1 saw him again with those of his
 own age, meeting at night to spend a
 i short time in convivial pleasure. He
 said it was only innocent amuse
 ment.
 i I met him neat, late in the evening.
 »n the straet, unable to reach home. 1
 assisted him thither. He looked
 ashamed when we next met.
 I I saw him next, reeling in the street;
 a confused stare was on his coun
 tcnance, and words of blasphemy on his
 I tongue. Shame was gone.
 1 saw him yet once more—he was
 pale, cold and motionless, and was car
 ried by his friends to his last resting
 place. In the sraal’ procession that
 followed, every, head was cast down,
 and seemed to shake with uncommon
 anguish. His father's gray hairs were
 going to the grave with sorrow. His
 mother wept to think she had ever
 given being to such a child.
 1 thought of his future state. I
 opened the Bible,, and read—“ Drunk
 arris shall not inherit the kingdetn of
 heaven?”

 Colored Guests. —lt is well known
 that very few colored people belong to
 the Society of Friends. Natural tem
 perament, and tne influences of their
 i station in life, both tend to make tli* in
 i partial to more exciting forms of reli
 gion; and the Friends, being no more
 free from prejudice against color than
 t other sects, offer no additional attrac
 tion to draw them into their met tings.
 On this point, our friend Isaac T. Hop
 per once bore his testimony in a very
 characteristic manner. l)ai id Maprs
 and his wile, the only colored members
 of meeting, were a very worthy
 and respectable couple. r l hey enme,
 among other Friends, to share the hos
 i pitnlity of Isaac’s house at Yearly
 meeting. Some questions arose in the
 family whether or not the white Friends
 w’ould be offended to eat with them.—
 Leave that to me,” said Isaac. \Y he n
 the hour came, he announced it thus:
 Friends, dinner is now ready. David
 and his wife will come with me; and as
 I like that all should be accommodated,
 these who object to dining with them,
 can wait till they have done.”
 Several smiled, but none of the
 guests remained behind.
 A Ruffian in a Quaker Coat.—A
 correspondent of the Christian Citizen,
 writing from Harveysburg, Ohio, under
 date of Feb. 23d, says:
 4 Our heretofore quiet village is now
 laboring under great excitement. We
 have a prosperous Academy, the Super
 intendent and Teacher of which is Mr.
 Wilson Hobbs, an Orthodox Quaker.
 A few weeks since a young lady, of
 wealthy and respectable parentage,
 entered the Institution as a student and
 t remained two days, when one of the
 j female teachers learned (by means not
 I known) that, by tracing her ancestry
 back through several generations, it
 j was found that her blood was slightly
 I tinctured with that of an African. Upon
 hearing this, Mr. Hobbs rushed into
 the female department for the purpose
 of expelling her, but not being able to
 distinguish her he retired in confusion.
 The next day, having her pointed out,
 he insultingly expelled her in the pre
 sence of the whole female department.
 Th^*Philosophy of Drowning.—
 Man is the only animal that drowns
 naturally. He does so because he is
 endowed with reason—that is to say,
 with a large spherical brain with a
 skull on it which rises above his nose.
 If he falls into deep water, in spite of
 his great brain, he has not presence of
 mind enough to stick his nos* out and
 keep it out, as he might easily do, but
 lets his heavy head, like a stone, press
 his nose under water. In this position
 he inhales and tilts his chest with
 water, so that he becomes on the
 whole so much heavier than water, an
 to sink. While the lungs arc filled
 with air, the body is lighter than its
 bulk of water, and and of course sniriis
 just as an iron vessel does. All, there
 fore, which is necessary to keep a
 person from drowning in deep water,
 is to keep the water out of the lungs!
 Do you ask how this is to he done
 Suppose yourself a bottle. Your nose
 is the nozle of the bottle, and must he
 kept rut of the water. If it goes
 under, don’t breathe at all till it comes
 out. f*hen to prevent its going down
 again, keep every other part under—
 head, legs, arms, ail under water, hut
 your nose. Do that, and you eannot
 sink in any depth of water, All you
 need to do to secure that, is to Hasp
 Joor hands behind your back, ami
 eep perfectly still. Your mne will
 never go under water to the end of
 time, unless you raise your brain,
 band, knee, or foot, high. r than it.
 Keep still, with your nose turned up in
 perfect impudence, and you art* safe.
 This will do in tolerably still water; m
 boisterous wafer, you will need s little
 of the art of awimming, which, if you
 don’t get, you deserve to be drowned.
 1/wrPiwjpr*
 PniNCir*.K*.— -A man without prin
 ciples ia tike a ship without rudder or
 ballast, having making to steer its
 course or keep it even. Hence arises
 hat variable and uneasy disposition—.
 that inconsistency and wavering ness so
 •meotably and injcnousiy prevalent.
