FREDERICK DOtftiLASS, i
 M R. DELANY, J Ewto**.
YOL. I. NO. XIX.
The NORTH STAR in |»blUkrd ever
 Friday, at No. $9, Buffalo street,
 (Oppmtt tkt Aremdt.)
 TERMS.
 Two Min per admim, uiw&amp;ys n W«wn. Ni
 eoboeription will I* received Iwr a Wsm leno tkoi
 &lt;it mnnllu.
 AdvertiaeiMewU not excredmf ten line* iooerte.
 three timse for one dollar; every twlecqneni ii»er
 tion, twenty-five cent*.
 The obiect of the North Star wilMw uisttad
 Rlavkrt in aH iu form* aod Mpert*; Rdvocnti
 Ueiveraal EvAJtcieATiOß; exalt die «tamiar&lt;
 of Pcrlic SloßAtirv; promote the mural*nd in
 tellectual impruveme.it of the CowttD I’IOPHI
 HTvj haeten the day of I REEDOM to the THRRr
 Mtt.Lto.vi i&gt;f our Evilaved Fellow Covk
 tetris.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fjCp AII communications relating E» tli# bunntju
 msrtrr* of the paper, names of nubs-riherv, remit
 taoee*. ..hcmlJ be addressed to W iIUAB C.
 Nell, PuWisher.
 Orp* A ;e-,t*, and all other* tending names, are
 requested to he accurate, and tfive the Po* Ofiet,
 tlie County, an 1 the Stott. Each Subscriiier U im
 mediately credite I for money received.
 Any per* m seoJinn in tiie payment for fonr
 auhserib -ri, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 {*y- All letters and coininimicßtions must be post
 paid.
 I,IST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—-R. F. Walcatt,2l,Carohill,
 Boston; Nathan Jolt is on. New Bedford; lloratio
 Foster, Inwall; James X. Biiffiim, Lynn; fJeorje
 Evan*, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 t.liarles 11. Sath, I David Rugbies,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 Mai nr.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vkruovt.—Row lan i T. Roliinson, North Fer
 risburg.
 f'ov vECTICCT.—Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 New Harts hire. —Weare Tappin, Bra i ford.
 New York.— Sydney 11. tiav, 112, .Nassau
 Street; Jane* M'Cu'ie S niili, 9S, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, W-*:lmr&gt;, fiieca (bounty; Mart Har
 per, Albany; Elias Ditv, Mace Ion; YVillctU Kecse,
 Peru, Clinton Couqtv; \Villiam S. Baltim-nv, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, tieneva; F.. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Ist. ami. —Atnaranrv Paine, Providence.
 I*K vs syi.v am a.—J. M. M’Ki n,31, North Fifth
 Street, I’hila IHphia ii. (Joines, 8, Exrha igc
 Place, Ditto; 11. Yaslion, B. Rown, Pittslmrg;
 William Wltipyer. C »lu nhia; Isaac R .Ivru, Jacob
 L. Paxm, V irristown, M out joinery County.
 Ohio.—Christian Dottal Ison, Cinrimuiti; C,. \V.
 A’siter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, llai'Veyslmr»h,
 Warren Con itv; Sa mtel Brooke, Salem.
 M touto .a s.—R iliert Banks, Detroit.
 I vin am a.—Joel I*. Davi*, Economy, Wavue Co.
Selections.
From Parker’s Letter mi Slavery,
 CONCEITS lON.
 Fei.low-Citizens of America:
 You sec some of the effects of sla
 very in your land. It costs you millions
 ,of d tllars each year. If there had
 ibcen no slaves in America for forty
 lyears, it is within hounds to say, your
 annual earnings would be three hun
 dred million dollars more than now. If
 has cost you also millions of men. But
 for this curse, Virginia had bccii as*
 populous as New York, as rich in
 wealth and intelligence; without this
 She free men of the South must have
 increased as rapidly as in the North,
 .nod at this day, perhaps five-and
 twenty million men w &gt;uld rejoice at
 their welfare in the United States.—
 Slavery retards Industry in all its
 forms; the Education of the people in
 all its forms, intellectual moral and re
 ligious. It hinders the application of
 those great political ideas of America;
 hinJcrs the development of mankind,
 the organization of the rights of man
 in a worthy slate, society or church.—
 Such effect* are the Divine sentence
 against the cause thereof.
 It is not for me to. point out the re
 medy for the evil, and show how it can
 be applied; that is the work for those
 men you dignify with place and power.
 I pretend not to give you counsel here,
 only to tell the warning truth. Will
 you say, that in the free Slates also
 there is oppression, ignorance, and
 want and crime? ’Tin true, llut an
 excuse, specious and popular, for its
 continuation, is this: that the evils ot
 slavery are so much worse, men will
 not meddle with the less till the greater
 is removed. Men are so wonted to
 this monstrous wrong, they cannot see
 the little wrongs with which modern
 society is full; evils which are little
 only when compared to that. When
 this shame of the nation is wiped off,
 it will be easy, seeing more clearly, to
 redress the minor ills ot ignorance,
 want crime. But there is one
 bright thing connected with this wrong.
 I mean the heroism which wars against
 it with pure hands; historic times have
 seen no chivalry so heroic.
 Not long ago, Europe and the whole
 {Christian world rung with indignation
 at the outrage said to he offered by the
 Russian government to some Polish
 nuns who were torn from their homes,
 driven from place to place, brutally
 beaten, and vexed with continual tor
 ments. Be the story false or true, the
 ears of men tingled at the tale. But
 not one of the nuns was sold. Those
 wrongs committed against a few de
 fenceless women are doubled, trebled
 iu America, and here continually ap
 plied to thousands of American women.
 I bis is no iiction; a plain fact, and no
 torious; but whose ears tingle? Is it
 worse to übusc a few white women iu
 Russia, than a nation of black women
 in America? Is that worse for a Euro
 pean than this for the democratic re
 publicans of America? The truth must
 be spoken; the voice of the bondman’s
 blood cries out to God against us; Jiis
 justice shall make reply. How can
 America ask mercy, who has never
 ahowu it there?
 Civilization extends everywhere: the
 Russian aud the Hotentot feel its influ
 ence. Christian men send the Bible to
 every island in the Pacific sea. Plenty
 becomes general; famine but rare.—
 The arts advance, the useful, the beau
 tiful,, with rapid steps. Machines begin
 to dispense with human drudgery
 Comforts get distributed through, their
 influence, more widely than ancient
 benefactors dared to dream. What
 *«rc luxuries to our fathers, attainable
m"■ W- I***' &gt;y frt _____ —J.
 THE NORTH STAR.
only by the rich, now find their way t
 the humble home. War—the old de
 mon which once possessed each etroo|
 nation, making it deaf and blind, bu
 yet exceeding tierce, so that no feeble
 one could pass near and be safe—Wa
 is losing his hold of the human race
 the Devil getting cast out by the tinge
 of God. The nay of Peace begins ti
 dawn upon mankind, wandering so
 in darkness, and watching for tha
 happy star. Science, Letters, Religion
 break down the barriers betwixt mat
 and man, ’twixt class and class. Tin
 obstacles which severed nations oncf
 now join them. Trade mediates be
 tween land and land—the gold entering
 where steel could never force its way,
 New powers are developed to hasten
 the humanizing work; they post o’et
 land and ocean without rest, or serve
 our bidding while they stand and wait.
 The very lightning cornea down, is
 caught, and made the errand-boy of the
 nations. Steamships are shooting across
 the ocean, weaving East and West in
 one united web. The soldier yields to
 the merchant. The man-child of the
 old world, young but strong, carries
 bread to his father in the hour of need.
 The ambassadors of Science, letters
 and arts, come from the Old World to
 reside near the court of the New, tell
 ing truth for the common welfare of all.
 The Genius of America sends also its
 first fruits and a scion of its own green
 tree, a token of future blessings, to the
 parent land. These thiugs help the
 great synthesis of the human race, the
 reign of peace on earth, of good-will
 amongst all men.
 Everywhere in the old world the
 poor, the ignorant, the oppressed, get
 looked after as never before. The hero
 of force is falling behind the times; the
 hero of thought, of love, is felt to de
 serve the homage of mankind. The
 Pope of Rome himself essays the re
 formation of Italy; the King of Den
 mark sets free the slaves in his domin
 ions, East and West; the Russian Em
 peror liberates his serfs from the milder
 bondage of the Sclavonian race; his
 brother monarch ofTuikeywill have
 no slave-market in the Mahometan me
 tropolis, no shambles there for human
 flesh; the Bey of Tunis cannot hear a
 slave; it grieves his Islamitish heart,
 swarthy African though he be.
 Vet amid all this continual advance,
 America, the tirst of the foremost na
 tions to proclaim, equality and human
 rights inborn with all; the first con
 fessedly to form a State on Nature’s
 Law America restores barbarism;
 will hold slaves. More despotic than
 Russia, more barbarous than
 laid of Barbary, she establishes feroci
 ty by federal law softeriog I
 enough amongst the weak and poor in
 the cities of the free laborious North.
 England has her misery patent to the;
 eye, und Ireland her looped and win
 dowed raggedness, her lean and brutal
 want. So it is everywhere; there is
 sadness amid all the splendors of mo
 dern science and civilization, though
 far less than ever before. But amidst
 the ills of Christendom, the saddest
 and most ghastly spectacle on earth
 is American slavery. The misery of
 the old world grows less and less; the
 monster-vice of America, to make it
 self more awful yet, must drag your
 camion to invade new lauds.
 I have addressed you as citizens,
 members of the State. I cannot forget
 that you are men; are members of the
 great brotherhood of man,
 the one and blessed God, whose equal
 love has only made to bless us all, who
 will not softer wrong to pass without
 its due. Think of the nation’s deed,
 done continually and afresh. God shall
 hear the voice of your brother’s blood,
 long crying from the ground; His Jus
 tice asks you even uow, America,where
 is thy brother? This is the answer
 which America must give: Lo, he is
 there in the rice swainps'df the South,
 in her fields teeming with cotton and
 the luxuriant cane. He was weak and
 I seized him; naked and I bound him;
 ignorant, poor and savage, and I over-:
 mastered him. I laid on his feebler'
 shoulders my grievous yoke. I have
 chained him with my fetters; beat him
 with my whip. Other tyrants had do
 minion over him, but my finger was
 thicker than their loins. I have branded
 the mark of my power, with red-hot
 iron, upon his human flesh. I am fed
 with his toil; fat, voluptuous on his
 sweat, and tears, and blood. I stole the
 father, stole also the sons, and set them
 to toil; his wife and daughters are a I
 pleasant spoil to me. Behold the
 children also of thy servant and his
 handmaidens —sons swarthier than
 their sire. Askest Thou for the Afri
 can? I found him a barbarian. I have
 made him a beast. Lo, there thou hftrt
 what is thine.”
 That Voice shall speak again:
 America, why dost thou use him
 thus—thine equal, born with rights the i
 same as thine?”
 America may answer Lord I!
 knew not that the negro had a right to*
 treedom. I rejoiced to eat the labors of
 the slave; my great men, North and
 South, they told me slavery was no
 wrong; 1 knew no better, but believed
 their word tor they are great, O Lord,
 and excellent.” V
 The same Voice may answer yet
 again, quoting the nation’s earliest and*
 most patriotic words: ‘“All men are!
 created equal, and endowed by their
 Creator with unalienable rights —the
 right to life, to liberty, and the pursuit
 of happiness.’ America, what further
 falsehood wilt thou speak
 The Nation may reply again: “True
 Lord, ail that is writtea in the nation’s
 creed, writ by my greatest spirits in
 their greatest bour. But since then,
 why, holy men have come and told me
 in thy name that slavery was good'
 was right; Thou thyself didst once
wght is of wo sex—troth is of no coum-ood is the father of os all, and all we are brethren.
 r i T* lt ’i-
establish it oa earth, and He who spoke
 tbjr wards, spoka naught against this
 thing. 1 have believed these men, for
 the/ are hoi/ men, O Lord, and excel
 lent.
 Then nnv the judge of all the
 earth take down the Gospel from the
 pulpit's desk, and read these few plain
 words; Thou shah love the Lord thy
 God with alt thy heart and thou shah
 love thy neighbor Us thyself Whatso
 ever y« would that others should do to
 you, do also even so to them.
 further might be speak, and say:
 While the poor Mussulman, whom
 thou call'st Pagan and shuts’t oat from
 Heaven—sets free all men, how much
 more art thou thyself condemned; yea,
 by the Bible which thou sendee! to the
 outcasts of the world?
 Across the Stage of Time the nations
 pass in the solemn pomp or their his
 torical procession; what kingly forms
 sweep by, leading the nations of the
 past, the present age! Let them pass
 —their mingled good and ill. A great
 people now comes forth, the newest
 born of nations, the latest hope of man
 kind, the heir of sixty centuries— the
 bridegroom of the virgin West. First
 come those Pilgrims, few and far be
 tween, who knelt on the sands of a
 wilderness, whose depth they knew not,
 nor yet its prophecy, who meekly
 trusting in a their God, in want and war,
 but wanting not in faith„laid with their
 prayers the deep foundation of the sfate
 and church. Then follow more majes
 tic men, bringing great truths for all
 mankind, seized from the heaven of
 thought, or caught, ground-lightning,
 rushing from the earth; and on their
 banners have they writ these words:
 Equality and inborn rights. Then
 comes the one with venerable face,who
 ruled alike the Senate and the Camp,
 and at whose feet the attendant
 years spread garlands, laurel-wreaths,
 calling him First in War, and Frst in
 peace, and first in his Country’s Heart,
 as it in his. Then follow men bear
 ing tho first fruits of our toil, the wealth
 of sea and land, the labors of the loom,
 the stores of commerce and the arts.—
 A happy people comes, some with shut
 Bibles in their hands, some with the
 nation's laws, some uttering those
 mighty truths which God has writ on
 man, and men have copied into golden
 words. Then comes, to close this long
 historic pomp,—the panorama of the
 world—the Negro Slave, bought, brand
 ed, beat.
 I remain your fellow-citizen and
 friend,
 'THEODORE PARKER.
 Boston, Dec. 22, 1847.
 u
 Prejudice against color! Pray tell
 us ir/i«&lt; color? Black? brown? copper
 color? yellow? tawny? or olive? Nat
 ive Americans of all these colors every
 where experience hourly indignities at
 the hands of persons claiming to be
 white. Now, is all this for color's
 sake If so, which of these colo'rs ex
 cites such commotion in those sallow
 skinned Americans who call themselves
 white? Is it black? When did they
 begin to be so horrified at black? Was
 it before black stocks came into fashion?
 black coats? black vests? Mack hats?
 black walking canes? black reticules?
 black umbrellas? black-walnut tables?
 black ebony picture frames and sculp
 tural decorations? black eyes, hair and
 whiskers bright black shoes, and glos
 sy black horses? How this American
 colorphobia would have lashed itself
 into a foam at the sight of the celebrated
 black goddess Diana, of Ephesus! how
 it would have gnashed upon the old
 statue, and hacked away at it out of
 sheer spite at its color! What exem
 plary havoc it would have made of the
 most celebrated statues of antiquity.
 Forsooth they were black! their color
 would have been their doom. These
 half-white Americans owe the genius
 of sculpture a great grudge. She has
 so often crossed their path in the hated
 color, it would (are hard with her if she
 were to fall into their clutches. By
 the way, it would be well for Marshall
 and other European sculptors to keep
 a keen look-out upon all Americans
 visiting their collections. American
 colorphobia would be untrue to itself
 if it did not pitch battle with every
 black statue and bust that came in
 its way in going the rounds. A
 black Apollo, whatever the symmetry
 of his proportions, the majesty of his
 attitude, or the divinity of his air, would
 meet with great good fortune if it es
 caped mutilation at its hands, or at least
 defilement from its spittle. If all foreign
 artists, whose collections are visited by
 Americans, would fence off a corner of
 their galleries for a negro pew/' and
 straightway colonize in thither every
 specimen of ancient and modern art
 that is chisgelled or cast in black, it
 would be a wise precaution. The only
 tolerable substitute for such coloniza
 tion would be plenty of wkiteuxuh, which
 would avail little as a peace-offering to
 brother Jonathan unless freshly put on:
 in that case a thick coat of it might
 sufficiently placate bis outraged sense
 of propriety to rescue the finest models
 of art form American Lynch-law: but
 it would not he bast to presume too for,
 for colorphobia has no lucid intervals,
 Uu fits on all the time. The anti-block
 feeling, being a law of nature, wut
 have want; and ml— H be provided,
 wherever it gone, with a sort of porta
 ble Liberia to scrape the offensive
 color info it twitches and jerks in con
 vulsions directly. But stop—this pnti«
 black passion Ul we are told, a law
 of nature,” and not to be trifled with
 Prejudice against color” a law o!
 nature!” Forsooth! What a sinnei
 against mm fare old Homer was? He
 gees off In oertneiee is his description,
 Zr t. d.l:
 Ol mo ■smew- wowpins, praises intii
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1848.
beauty, calls them the favorites of the
 i gods, and represents all the ancient
 r divinities as selecting than from all the
 nations ef the world as their intimate
 coMopameM, the objecUUf their pecu
 lmr complacency. If Homer had o«iy
 s been indoctrinated into this lav ef
 i nature,” he would never have insulted
 his deities bjr representing them as
 t making negroes their ctesen associates.
 What impious trifling with this sacred
 i law** was perpetrated by the old
 Greeks, who represented Minerva,
 their favorite goddess at Wisdom as an
 i •Afncan princess, Herodotus pro
 i nounces the Ethiopians |he most majes
 tic and beautiful of men. The great
 father of history was fitted to live and
 die in the dark, as to this great law
 of nature!” Why do so many Greek
 and Latin authors adorn with eulogy
 the beauty and graces of the black
 Memnon who served at the siege of
 Troy, styling him, in their eulogiums,
 the son of Aurora? Ignorsmuses! They
 knew nothing of this great law of na
 ture. How little reverence for this
 sublime “law” had Solon, Pythagoras,
 Plato, and those other master spirits of
 ancient Greece, who, in their pilgrim
 age after knowledge, went to Ethiopia
 and Egypt, and sat at the feet of black
 philosophers to drink in wisdom. Alas
 for the multitudes who flocked from all
 parts of the world to the instructions of
 that negro, Euclid, who three hundred
 years before Christ, was at the head of
 the most celebrated mathematical school
 in the world. However learned in the
 mathematics, they were plainly num
 sculls in the law of nature!”
 How little had Antiochus the Great
 j the fear of this law of nature” before
 his eyes, when he welcomed to his
 court, with the most signal honors, the
 i black African Hannibal; and what an
 impious perverter of this same law was
 i the greafeonquerot of Hannibal, since
 he made the black poet Terence one of
 his most intimate associates and con
 fidants. What heathenish darkness
 brooded over the early ages of Chris
 tianity respecting this divine law ot
 nature,” when Philip went up into the
 chariot of the Ethiopian eunuch and
 sat with him, and when the Spirit of
 God said to him, “Go near and join
 thyself to this chariot.” Both grossly
 outraged this law of nature.” What
 a sin of ignorance! The most cele
 brated fathers of the church, Origen,
 Cyprian, Tertullian, Augustine, Cle
 mens Alexandrinus, and Cyril—why
 j were not these black African bishops
 colonized into a “negro pew,” when
 attending the ecclesiastical councils oi
 their day Alas, though the sun of
 r|gh||oo^3a css. had risen on primitive
 ask the age of this law. A law
 ture, being a part of nature, must be
 as old as nature: hut perhaps human
 nature was created by piecemeal, and
 this part was overlooked in the early
 editions, hot supplied in a later revisal.
 Well, what is the date of the revised
 edition Wc will save our readers the
 trouble of fumbling for it, by just say
 ing, that this law of nature” was
 never heard of till long after the com
 mencement of the African slave trade;
 and that the feeling called prejudice
 against color,” has never existed in
 Great Britain, France, Spain, Portu
 gal, the Italian States, Prussia, Austria,
 Russia, or in any part of the world
 where colored persons have not been
 held as slaves. Indeed, in many coun
 tries, where multitudes of Africans and
 their descendants have been long held
 slaves, no prejudice against color has
 ever existed. This is the case in Tur
 key, Brazil, and Persia. In Brazil
 there are more than two millions of
 slaves. Yet some of the highest offices'
 of state are filled by black men. Some
 of the most distinguished officers in the
 Brazilian army are blacks and mulat
 toes. Colored lawyers and physicians
 are found in all parts of the country.
 Besides this, hundreds of the Roman
 Catholic clergy are black and colored
 men, these minister to congregations
 made up indiscriminately of blacks and
 whites.
 A SKETCH FROM REAL LIFE.
 On one of those calm moonlight
 nights in'the month of August, when
 the sun for a while had bid adieu to
 this side of the globe, the evening had!
 closed in all the calm serenity of a|
 summer’s night, the trembling
 had commenced her nightly task, and,
 was beautifully wending her way j
 through the still smiling firmament
 above; all was still, save the occa
 sional cry of the caty-dids, or the
 mournful croak of the old frogs. Ex-j
 tending the eye over the field of na
 ture’s beauties, it rests upon a solitary
 hut, but almost covered with trees; and
 at a distance of a hundred yards is a
 stately mansion. Striking is the con
 trast between the former and the latter,
 and equally different are the circum
 stances of both. In the former sat an
 aged man, and by bis side, the com
 panion of bis loneliness, bis wife. Upon
 an old chest, for they had no table,
 stood a glimmering lamp. The only
 furniture they possessed was a mattra**
 of straw with a slight covering, one
 chair and an old bench, on which sat
 old Susan, listening with profound, but
 painful attention to something related
 by her husband, not very pleasing to
 either. To he brief, old John and
 Susan were riaves. For fifty-five long
 yearn they ted toiled on the very fiehb
 yrhirh surrounded them, and bv the
 sweat of tbetr brows they had' pur
 chased for the owner that elegant
 domain, and he, with his foimly, were,
 at the price of the tears, the groans,
 and the bloodshed of the poor Africans,
 enjoying It.
 But John and Susan were not alone
 in this scene ef tritetetk*. God ted
bleated them with daughter, aa only
 daughter. Unfortunately for her, the
 possessed a more than ordinary grace*
 fa laces of person, and comeliness of
 lace; aba had a tall easy figure; her
 feature* inclined much toward the Eu
 ropean; hut her eye! her dark expres
 sive eye,• told the gaaer a lofty spirit
 dwelt within; but her aka was slightly
 tinged with the African, and this was
 enough for the prejudiced world, if she
 had an intellect like Socrates, or a
 spark like Joan of Arc; still she was a
 slave, and therefore unworthy of notice.
 Time passed on, and the girl was
 called from the field to the polished
 dressing-room of her mistress. Her
 brain was of that kind which needs
 but little cukivatfrm, and in course of
 time, she managed to gather a good
 deal of what the world calls refine
 ment; and this improvement did not
 pass unnoticed by her mistress, and
 she began to dread that her maid
 might excel her. The consequence
 was, that envy, jealousy and hatred,
 took possession of her mistress' mind,
 and fell without mercy on the head of
 the unfortunate victim.
 I shaj! sell her,” said she in a
 9tcm voice to her husband; she is en
 tirely too interesting for a nigger. I
 shall sell her, and let her take her
 chance in the southern market.” Did
 the proud spirit of that girl quail under
 this awful sentence? Not a nerve was
 unstrung, not a muscle distorted; but
 a tear gathered in her keen eye, and
 fell upon her work.
 She knew the face before her; she
 knew she must be torn from her aged
 parents, which was worse than death.
 This was a dreary prospect, a dark
 picture to look upon.
 All retired, and she to her lonely
 bed, but not to sleep; and before an
 other sun had risen, she had vowed
 she would be free.
 It was necessary to see the com
 panions of her suffering, her father and
 mother. Could she leave them to the
 mercy of her enraged pursuers? Could
 she bear the thought to have them sus
 pended between heaven and earth,
 with all the infirmities of old age, to
 endure the infliction of the cruel whip,
 for being accomplices in her flight?
 This was a test she could not stand.
 ‘Twas past midnight, and all was still!
 Site crept from her bed and slowly
 wended her way along the dark passage
 which led to the outer door. At last
 she reached it, and it was not long be
 fore she stood in the open air, and in a
 few moments more she stood at her
 father's door. Mother,” said she in
 a low voice, trembling w.th emotion,
 mother, open the door,” and in trem-
 Miog ike doorw* opened, but
 the young girt was unable to speak;
 feelings which no pen can write, choked
 her utterance, and she sank upon their
 bed of straw and wept aloud. The aged
 pair seemed panic struck, to see her
 at such an untimely hour; but when
 the young girl had gained her self-pos
 session she told them her determination
 to fly with them to some place of shel
 ter bef &gt;re she should be separated from
 them forever. Who would sooth your
 dying pillow when lam gone? No, my
 father, my mother, you shall not die in
 this, dark, damp hovel, but I will by
 the work of roy hands procure you
 comfort.
 Finally, it was arranged; she should
 meet them at midnight, and a small boat
 would bear them on the bosom of the
 great waters at least a distance of 25
 miles.
 She left them and reached once more
 her bed in safety. But no sleep closed
 her eyes till the signal for rising was
 given, and she heard the angry voice
 of her misstressgive her orders, but she
 heeded it not, and consoled herself with
 the idea that to-morrow she should be
 free. It was a dark cloudy day, unu
 sually so for that season of the year.
 Night closed in with all the appear
 ance of a storm, but she was not dis
 couraged. Accordingly she rose, took
 no clothing save those she wore; listen
 ed attentively, ail was still save the
 howling tempest; the hour had nearly
 come, when slowly and cautiously she
 descended the stairs, groped her way
 along the dark passage; a thousand
 apprehensions crossed her mind; would
 they expect her on such a night? would
 the little boat ever live on such a trou
 bled water? who would shelter them if
 they should ever reach the shore This
 was a trial, but she conquered it, and in
 a few moments more stood in the pelt
 ing rain, and she reached the but in
 safety. But what was her dismay when
 she found nothing prepared. They
 had never dreamed she would venture
 on such a night; but she urged and en
 couraged them, and in fifteen minutes
 they were on the beach. By the time
 the fugitives got a little distance from
 the land, the thunder reared louder
 tbau ever, sod the awful gleam mgs of
 lightning seemed to threaten ire at
 every stroke; every wave seemed to
 drive them nearer and nearer the shore.
 In vain labored their weary oars; the
 boat lay and suffered k rsetf to be toss
 ed to and fro at the pleasure of the rest
 less water.
 The inmates of the great house were
 aroused from their slumbers by the
 bowling of the tempest, and die mis
 tress of that house called her maid to
 bring a fight, but she answered not.
 She procured n Kght, when to het
 amazement and hnrrur the gtrt lot
 fled. In flve minutes every sari is flu
 had hidden tram the rage of her mis
 treat. An instant search was made it
 the hovel of old John, bat they had fie&lt;
 also, and the eye of the mistress w«
 instantly on the water, and by the belt
 of the vivid flashes offigbtniag espied
 feeble bent occupied by the three.
 There they art,** said she, k
 fiendish light now to the heal
aa4 we shall sow slap their trouble
 some joui ocy
 Fhre stout hearted men stood and
 trembled on the beach to enter that
 awfb! conflict. None dared to venture.
 The/ returned and told the at or/ it
 was impossible to take them. But the
 order was to bring them or perish with
 them—According!/ three in one boat
 aad two in another left the shore; the
 former straggled until within one hun
 dred feet of that little boat, and another
 plunge would blast all the hopes of that
 brave girl. But a strange commotion
 of the element shook aad shattered the
 armed boat till two of the persons
 sank to rise no more, and tbs rsinntn
 ing one left them to their fate.
 Finally, the/ reach a shelter, sod
 that daughter, by her amiable dispo
 sition and industrious habits, found
 man/ friends, who enabled bar to sup
 port her aged parents, proved a bless
 ing to the society in which she stood,
 and will very likely, in the day of ac
 counts, stand among those who have
 come out of great tribulation. —.Vctr
 Jtrety Freeman.
 A SCENE IN CONGRESS.
 THE CArTURED NEGROES.
 On Sunday morning, the captain of a
 wood-boat, the Pearl, left the wharf in
 this city, taking with him about eighty
 slaves belonging to persons in Wash
 ington and Georgetown, in this District.
 On Monday morning at two o'clock, the
 fugitives, black and white, were captur
 ed at the mouth of the Potomac, a hun
 dred and ten miles from the city; and
 this morning the steamer Salem, which
 went in pursuit, brought them into port.
 They are now lodged in jail to await
 judicial proceedings.
 After the transaction of preliminary
 business, Mr. Giddings of Ohio, arose,
 holding in his hand a resolution, which
 he was extremely anxious to offer.—
 “Read it, for information," cried one;
 “No, no," said another, and “1 object,"
 said Mr. Mead, of Virginia.
 The Clerk cleared his throat pre-i
 paratory to reading the resolution.
 The S|&gt;eaker —The Clerk will for-j
 hear until the House come to order.—
 Members will be good enough to take
 their seats. (Knock, knock.)
 Mr. Mead—l object to the resolution.
 Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina—
 Let’s hear it read.
 Mr. Mead—l don't want to hear it
 read. W'bat is it about
 The Speaker—-The gentleman from
 Virginia object*. He has a right to
 do this, in accordance with'a strict rule.
 By the uniform courtesy of the House,
 however, when a member has asked for
 permission to have a resolution read,
 general consent has been given, for in
 formation merely. But if the gentle
 man persists, the resolution cannot be
 read.
 Mr. Mead—lf the resolution has no
 relation to slavery (laughter), then it
 may be read. (Ha! ha! and a voice,
 “Oh! Mead, let it be read.")
 The Speaker—ls the objection with
 drawn? Yes," no.")
 Mr. Mead—At the suggestion of
 friends, I will withdraw the objection,
 merely that the resolution may be read,
 nothing more. That's right.")
 The Clerk then read as follows
 Whereas, more than eighty men,
 woipen, and children are said to be now
 confined in the prison of the District of;
 Columbia, without being charged with
 crime, or of any impropriety other thanj
 an attempt to enjoy that liberty for which i
 our fathers encountered toil, suffering,
 and death itself, and for which the peo-;
 pie of many European governments are
 now struggling.—Apd whereas said
 prison was erected and is now sustained j
 by funds contributed by the free as well
 as the slave States, and is under the
 control of the laws and officers of the
 United States. And whereas such
 practice is derogatory (o oar national
 character, incompatible with the duty
 of a civilized and Christian people, and
 unworthy of being sustained by an Ame
 rican Congress. Therefore, be it
 Resolved, That a select committee
 of five members of this body be appoint-
 ed to enquire into it and report to this
 House, by what authority said prison j
 is used for the purpose of confining per
 sons who have attempted to escape from
 slavery, with leave to report what leg
 islation is proper in regard to said prac
 tice.
 Resolved, further, That said com
 mittee be authorised to send for per
 sons and papers."
 The Speaker—Unanimous consent isj
 asked to introduce the resolution. (“1!
 object.")
 Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina, (was
 understood to say) l would propose an
 amendment, whether the scoundrels
 who helped the negroes to escape ought
 not to be hanged? Oh, no.")
 Mr. Giddings^—Mr. Speaker—
 The Speaker.—The gentleman from
 Ohio is not in order.
 Thus endetb the morning’s lesson on
 the charming boys.
 An hour was appropriated to reports
 fa™* rtunding committees.—A*. Y. Her
 Law*stive's Resemblance to Bv
 «wr.—ln appearance, Lamartine has
 something that recalls Byron; the same
 beauty of feature aad expression, the
 sama habits of elegance and dandyism;
 carriage. If yen add to this, to com
 toe resemblance, the retinue of a
 hfivtifallrhiiisi qm^ ww g aaaU!^* on&gt;
 you will eoaelude, cSuSTiSimetbe epoch
 of Tasso and Cssmsss, times have
 svmewhm changed, aad that k m fea
 sible now a days, to he an eminent
 poet, without dying in the hospital.—
 text eg ChmrmcUrt of Front*.
WILLIAM G. SELL. Pnuau.
 JOHN DICK. PftmTCft.
WHOLE NO—XIX.
WO* OLD ALT AMO XT I
 J*»«hiagtoo Saturday K«ai
 baa the following artier of a vary ia
 tercsrmg reKe ot a past age:
 l&gt;M»d, in this city, on the £2d teal.,
 Altamont, a colored man, in the Mth
 year of his age. During the old man's
 long life, his character was proverbial
 for stern integrity and fidelity; and
 there is something romantic in bis his
 tory He was oiiginaily the property
 of Lawrence Washington, of Kina
 George county, Virgin, nephew 3
 General Washington. When the Rev
 olution broke out, Altamont was gives
 to Colonel George Washington, and
 wgs with bis young master ui ail tha
 leading battles in the South, ending
 with the scige of Yorktown. Subse
 quently be became the property of Dr.
 Barry, and went with that gentleman tc
 Tennessee, where he was liberated foi
 his good conduct. Having lost ht&lt;
 wile and children, he expressed a de
 sire to go hack to Virginia to see hit
 former friends and relations, from whoa
 he had been separated upwards of hall
 a century. The family of Dr. Barry
 gave the old man an outfit, and Gen.
 Jackson and other gentlemen of Ten
 nessee gave him kind letters, certificates
 of moral worth, and with these ha
 sought the home of his childhood; hut
 when he reached it, he found himself
 like the poor prisoner liberated from
 the Castile—there was not one human
 face, white or black, that recognized
 him, or whom he remembered. Ha
 turned from there to visit Mou t Ver
 non, in whose halls he had been an in
 mate and attendant. There the scene
 was no less distressing. Instead of
 familiar faces and joyous hilarity, that
 were wont to mark the spot, all was
 sad, dreary and desolate. The estate
 had gone to waste, and nothing seemed
 respected but the tomb of Washington.
 This was a cruel blow to the old man,
 and his spirits sunk under the idea that
 he alone, of all he had ever known in
 his youth, was left alive. He next
 came to this city, where, by accident,
 he met with a grand-daughter of his
 old master, with whom he never tailed
 to spend one day in each week, to talk
 of Auld Lang Syne—the only consola
 tion left him. Until within the last few
 weeks, the old man might have beco
 seen sitting out at the base of the
 Treasury building, with a basket of
 apples and cakes, by the sale of which
 he aided in eking out a scanty subsist
 ence; but then he had some staunch
 friends here and in Tennessee, who
 appreciated his worth, and whose
 kindness lie remembered in his dying
 moments.
 “Tribute tor the N o o.”— Re
 ferring to the advertisement on last
 page of our cover, it affords us plea
 sure to learn, that so much interest has
 already been manifested in the work,
 as evinced by the numerous list of Sub
 scribers which we have seen; many of
 them conspicuous characters in tha
 walks of benevolence and philanthropy.
 The esteemed author, we understand,
 has just received, in MS., for insertion,
 a very interesting account drawn up
 expressly for the work, by a Friend in
 London, ot an African Prince who
 sometime resided under h s roof, as also
 with another Philanthropist in tha
 Metropolis. It is written in a very
 interesting manner from notes made at
 the time of his visit. Amidst tho
 various attempts which have been mado
 to depreciate the African character, by
 exhibiting it as incapbic of improve—
 itent, this narrative atfords a striking
 evidence of an opposite nature; aud
 ihows, that whether their influence be
 ;ood or evil, circumstances operate no
 ess powerfully on the sable inhabitants
 if a tropical clime, than on the natives
 if more temperate latitudes. He has
 ilso received a letter from Captain
 Wauchope, R. N., who, in 1«37,
 commanded the Queen’s Frigate,
 Thalia, on the West Coast of Africa;
 tending for insertion in the Tribute,”
 tome account of a negro of remarkable
 intelligence, whose conduct and coo
 vernation much surprised him. Ten
 pears previous to tho time of Captain
 Wauchope’» seeing him, this very
 N’egro was in the Hold tf a slater.
 Captain W. concludes his letter by
 taying, I believe few European intel
 lects would have made such a stride, in
 to short a space of time.” We trust
 Friends will promptly forward their
 names to the Author, and tbercbv
 promote the success of his laudable
 effort to vindicate the negro chancier.
 British Friend
 The Tex Hour Bm..—This bill,
 which has been under discussion for
 some time in tlie legislature, was de
 feated in the House on Thursday. As
 general thing, there should be in this,
 as in almost everything else, fret trade,
 letting the number of hours be a ape
 cial agreement between employer and
 workmen. There should, however be
 aoroe limit, where no such agreement is
 made, so that the needy may not be
 compelled to submit to the exactions of
 selfish taskmasters. Ten hours' faith
 ful labor in the twenty-four is eoougb
 for any man; the remainder should be
 devoted to sleep and study. Give our
 mechanics and working men geoerallv
 an opportunity of cultivating ike aW,
 as well as exercising the muuUs, in
 in order that the nation may becease
 store virtuous end enlightened# No
 MS should be required to work more
 than ten bones, except to extraordinary
 cases.— B. D. Alt.
 Ncwtrsreas.—The newspaper as a
 law-book for the ignorant, a sermon
 for the thongfafteea, a library for the
 poor; it may rtimeUte the ax* iod.f
 foraat, and instruct the most learned.
