Notices.
 C3-NO IXIOX WITH SIAVEHOLDERSt-CG
 FOrSITEEXTtt ANNIVERSARY
 Of the Amcrlf a» UU-siavcrj Ssekt).,
 T'n F ‘otutucmli Amend Meeting of the
 Am*ricvi Ami-Slavery Suctety. will b« held,
 th* ffroileny Tabcmieb, New York, pnj
 Tu*s-**y, th* Ninth Day of May, al 101
 o clock, A. M.
 Tn&gt; present aspect of public affairs in this'
 country. ehvuli make this meeting one ol
 r&gt;&gt;T3 thut i&gt;nl importance sml interest. The
 ftoutbars boundary of American Slavery,!
 w htdi, eljcu that Society was formed has
 b&gt;ea re naval from the Sahtne to the Nueces,'
 it is now proposed by tu guardians to nsmore
 s’.tli farther into the fata territory of a mster
 Republic. W c hwo Imlc re»*ou to expect
 a itw'3 favorable to the two years*
 war wag-jd&gt; at an enormous expense of blood
 ntri treasure, fir thos*iie purpose of extending
 tit want system of human bondage by con
 ■vjusut. Whrthir t‘l3 Abolitionists of the
 nr^wat ry cm arrest the perpetration of this
 fctnpj.i lo is national crime, or not, it is no less
 thsir duty to mak; the effort. The last
 public protest th*y may have the opportunity
 it record agou&amp;t it, should be earnest and
 ucav.mon*.
 1 u moccssity of the moment should also
 om.aJ go of how much of the work is still to
 •b) Jj te, which this Son *ty, fourteen years
 nr i. resolve 1 to do. Since its formation, Sla
 v,*r: has not been in a single Stab*
 ot the Futon. A million more of our coun
 try .ti': h ire h.oc.i b »rn to the lot of slaves.—
 Cut t ut this 3 _&gt;:;.oty aud its auxiliaries have
 xnusr.l, to a certain degree, a universal Aiiti
 ?!av&lt;jrv sentiment at ths North, and have
 male the to,.ic o.io of absorbing interest
 throughout the eouutry, is the best evidence
 of wisdom of th n ir measures, and should
 bj tit? strong jst incentive to still more strenu
 ous and self-denying toil.
 Tin oil and triod finnds of the cause,
 and thoja who Iriva but recently
 arousal to tin necessity of the overthrow of
 t'n felon system of American Slavery, are
 tirged to make of this meeting a grand rally
 fcr freedom.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Pres t.
 Wendell Phillips, 0
 S. H. Gay, SocretinM.
 National Convention of the Liberty
 League*
 Tin un brsigmd committee appointed at
 M ic io:i Lacks in June last to call a Na
 tional Carve itioa some lime in the year 184 b,”
 do invite Those who \yish to provide equal
 civil smiriiies for tin rights of all men,” to
 mj it in Convention at the city of Rochester,
 cm tii d Ist day of May next, at 10 o'clock
 A. M., for me purpose of nominating a can
 dJ ite for the Vice Presidency, and the trans
 jntio.i of such other business as may come
 bjf &gt;re the convention.
 Tite convention will be held two days.
 E. S. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. 11. Smith,
 A. Penxel,
 llrtt vM Pitts,
 National Cam. of the Liberty League.
 Yloxecve, Feb. -9, 1643.
 N iricE. Vgrenblyto the rccommenda
 tio i of th Liberty Party Convention, held in
 Auburn, January 12th and 13th, 1318, a Na
 tion il Lihjrt: Party Convention will be held
 thi city of 11 iffiio, on the Hill and 15th
 do /s of J un 1316.
 Tni-i Convention, from the fact that it is ex
 ported to nominate candidates fi»r President
 *i i-l Viec Pr .sideot: and to take high and cf
 f*.nitre ground i.i behalf of personal liberty,
 i r i-tridu, fret-soil, exemption from the bur
 den an 1 cars j of war, and from other viola
 te* is of the equal rights of all men, will proba
 b; i attract a large concourse of persons and
 ba of a deeply interesting character.
 State League Convention.
 A m iss convention fur the nomination of
 Z. l. j o heirs, to he supported by the Liberty
 Lojgui at tho ensuing fall election, will be
 bold mi at Roeii isteron the second day of June
 next, at 10 o‘cl'*ck A. M.
 Lei our friends see to it that the various
 pans of the State are well represented.
 K. 3. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. It. Smith,
 Hirvm Pitts,
 A. Penxel,
 Cntr.rl Com. of th Liberty League.
 Jlcneote, Feb. 29th, 18-18.
 Notice. —M *ssrs. E. R. Dunlop and S. 11.
 Dty, are not agents for the Colored people of
 T r. &gt;r Can ula, as is generally supposed and
 :f: ;'-y h ive collected money in their name, it
 fas been done on tlieir own responsibility,
 a ai not of the British American Abolition
 Society in the city of Toronto. Mr. Dunlop
 is dis’h’ssc'i from bis agency for said society,
 r i tuj first dry of December, 1847. Mr.
 Da tl.ip was sent out with Mr. Day, for the
 ea’.a purpose of getting signers to jcstablish a
 pa &gt;?r in the city of Toronto.
 Inbthalfof the Executive Committee of
 the B. A. A. Society,
 CHARLES FREEMAN, Sec.
 April 21, 1317.
 Lectures b&gt; the Editor.
 r.acas.tK K Douglass w ill lecture on Ame
 nuan Slavery in the following places
 S n **a Falls, Thursday even. May 4.
 Syra *use, Friday, 5.
 Pica, Saturday, ti.
 A .bant, Sunday, 7.
 The Itunnwnv Slaves.
 The following vivid description of the
 scenes attending the recapture of the un
 f ,rtraa*e seventy slave s is from the pan of
 thr Washington corr. «j»ondcnt of the Boston
 W’hig. H aJ it Amarieaus and remember your
 loai shouts for Liberty, Equality and Frater
 nity.
 Washington, April 18.
 Geevi Excitement—The Smvw taken
 t o 3 Violence TnariTENui. —It is as I
 CT lusted, thj po*&gt;r uegror* are taken, with
 ,'.i srairi. cr 'W. vessel and all. 'J’hts morning.
 r»* I I •ft tuy boiniing bouse, I saw coming
 fra ii*Jt&gt;S sir et that leads lo ibe landing, a
 long proc 34»ion of colored people, ami quiL&gt; a
 na «»f «oulle«s looking white mon, marrh
 :,l tu tit 3 direction of the P.mnayLan.a Ave
 .,aV I I.XAtuncd to meet them, and as tin y
 -a na in font of th» FnitcJ States Hotel, the
 r.v.dS 'vns srtd.-osc that it was ui*xt to
 i n t«si ilc for them to proceed. The captain
 ml ii.s crew were with tl«n. with then
 ■Ui i.ls O.vudc.l. As noon o» the former
 hoca.;r.‘ -rally known to tiro erowd, the
 i iw i r :s exi’ilemmt was mantfestod by
 tii; :ii.’ t i'i.*. Oatlts, that would have loajt
 j ;a d *U trembl'*. were poured fbutli, and
 jMg; se&gt;-iu'vd to l»e 4e k *tr*ted upon their
 cviuaU* ia ufi'is.—l)ras ium on/.'” cried eotur/
 d brain* im:‘ cnad tAkccA r
 iL/' 'v'* 1 *}ioM (fa ft- u h'j,tnd lu h/Atl
 A, Cm til'll*ft? VVf K Eo;LA
to the paigjfcll•#*» relief, aad ht was hasUfrj
 Ml iiho t carriage, and Wn to tha jaiLi
 The prfifiteNutt then went to hm«4a tha mill
 of the Strict, find 1 haahMed in advaoceiol
 gti a fear view of the whole. Th« »eo weyej
 tied together with n*pes, by couple*. Some
 uf them wen fine looking fefiows, but their
 countenances wore aa npreahua of sadness.
 There were about thirty women hi the truia,
 but these were permitted to march in double
 file, with out being haodrufibd or tied. Some
 of them carried baton, otbera lei children,
 and many were weeping over their sad fate,
 while eret and anon the bra tea who drove
 them would order «*»**q to Jhttft their mindb
 mg; and to make their order more imposing,
 would raise their eodgeb over their beads aa
 if about to atrike. At they catered the gate
 that opcuo into the jad, 1 moated them, and
 found there wen in all eighty-five. Some of
 them were whither than the wretches who Lad
 them in custody, and looked hr more iniel
 lectunl and worthy of liberty. The throng
 around the jail was immense, and I could hear
 the moat bitter improrations against the
 abolitionists and the abolition paper (National
 Era) of the District.
 The vessel in which they were taken, was
 boarded by the steamer at the mouth of the
 river, where she Was lying at anchor for a
 favorable brrece to take them up the bay. As
 the steamboat hove in sight, the negroes
 wished to fight and defend themselves, hut
 ware not permitted to by the captain. They
 than suffered themselves to be quietly taken*
 and are in jail by virtue of lavra sanctioned by
 the American Congress; and yoa, soos of ihe
 Pilgrims, will be under the necessity of con
 tributing your might to sustain this system of
 oppression. Oh! this is a glorious country.
 L?t the star spangled banner be flung to the
 breeze; let peals of victory rend the hea
 vens let cheers go up; for slavery has tri
 umphed over liberty, the oppressed are reta
 ken, and are now in chains to await their
 doom. It is said that most of them will be
 sent down the river. So let rt lie —the work
 of missions will thereby be promoted. Many
 of tho downtrodden will to poiuted to the
 North Star, and be bid God speed.
 Mr Giddinga this morning asked the un
 animous consent of the House, to introduce
 I the following preamble and resolutions, which
 i of course, was not granted, but they were
 read at the Clerk's desk. Mr. Holmes, of
 South Carolina, arose immediatly, and moved
 that they be amended, so that the rascals who
 i sympathized with those negroes, should be
 hung. The excitement was intense, but Mr.
 G. weathered it, and gave them to understand
 that he feared not their threats.
 Whereat, more than eighty men, women,
 and children, are said to be now confined in
 the prison of the District of Columbia, with
 out being charged with crime, or of any
 impropriety, other than an attempt to enjoy
 that liberty for which our fathers encountered
 toil, suffering, and death itself, and for which
 the people of many Europeau governments are
 now struggling;—
 And whereas, said prison was erected, and
 is now sustained by funds contributed by the
 free, as well as the slave States, and is under
 the control of the laws and officers of the
 United States;
 And w/ur-MS such practice is derogatory to
 our national character, incompatible with the
 duty of a civilized and Christian people, and
 unworthy of being sustained by our American
 Congress;—Therefore.
 lie it resolved that a select committee, of
 five members of this body, be appointed to
 enquire into and report to this House, by
 what authority said prison is used for the pur
 pose of confining persons who have attempted
 to escape from slavery with leave to report
 what legislation is proper in regard to said
 practice.
 llr$olc«d, further, that said committee be!
 authorized to send for persons and papers.”
 After Mr. Holmes offered his amendment.
 Mr. G. went over to his seat and asked him
 if he intended it is a pcisonal insult to him,
 and laughingly told him, that he had hoped t 0
 gain his influence in the passage of the
 resolutions, as he had lalxircd so long' and
 ardently with him in the cause of slavery..
 Yours, North.
 I
 The Iliot in Washington.
 The follow ing will give our readers some
 idea of the spirit and proceedings of the
 cowardly and disgraceful mob in Washington
 who attempted to destroy the Era office, and
 compel Dr. Uaiky, its editor, to remove from
 the District. What a commentary on our
 free institutions The course of Dr. Hailey
 1 in refusing to remove his press, was noble,
 and deserves great praise; though we are
 sorry to hear him making a show of respect
 for laws which assert property in man. Such
 laws ought never to be respected or obeyed by
 anybody. The slaves had the law of God to
 justify them in tlieir flight, and no sin was
 committed in assisting them to escape. There
 is no more sin in aiding a slave to escape
 a slaveholder, than would be to aid a child
 out of the fangs of a tiger.

 (From the New York Herald.)
 i Mr. Lenox, the President of the Board of
 Aldermen, took a stand on one of the wings
 of the steps, and spoke to his fellow-citizens,
 lie told them he was reared in the District,
 that he had an interest in the city, (he is a
 large property holder,) and that, in his view,
 it would lie disreputable to accomplish by
 force what could be effected by law. It is
 i too late cried out a man in the crowd. Ah,
 j replied Mr. Lenox, it is not too late to pre
 serve our character as good citizens. It is
 too late,” was exclaimed in the Chamber of
 I Deputies, w hen an attempt w as made to place
 the crown of France upon the head of the
 infant Duke. It is not too late for us to
 i act as becomes freemen—as citizens of the
 metroopolis of the American Union.
 j It is too late, shouted another of
 the sovereigns and there were responses
 t “Ah! that's the sort!” Down with the
 Era!'’ Mr. Lenox said that the Mayor of
 the city (Mr. Seaton, of the National Intelli
 gencer,) was sick; and, after consultation
 with him, he had consented to address liis
 fellow-citizens. “Down with the Eia!”
 again went up with a shout, and thee cries for
 “Bradley,” one of our most intelligent and
 influential citizens. Mr. Lenox contended
 i that no good could result from the demolition
 of the office and if tins w ere done, we would
 have to award damages. Damn the ex
 jiense exclaimed a hard-fister, with a club
 1 in his hand. Thai s the sort!” That's
 the talk, &amp;c., were expressions of frequent
 occurrence.
 Kolunson Robinson was loudly
 called for. “Bull come out!” So Mr. E.
 B. Robinson took the rostrum. He said the
 feeluigs of the public had been outraged
 (“Ay, ay An insult had been offered to
 the community. The public authorities had
 been derelict in duty. Why did noi the
 trrond jury indict the Era as a nuisance
 (“Down with it!”) Why didn't they treat
 it as they did Garrison's paper here, years
 ago They made him pock up and be off.
 Down with the Era These moderate
 scoundrels are the worst kind of scoundrels.
 &lt;‘Ha! ha! That's it Giro it to ’em!”)
 The press should not be suffered to exist.
 No, no!”) I’d give them fill to-morrow
 to decamp, Now uow Every feel
 ing has hern outraged. Down with the
 I'm!”) If the law will not protect us, we
 must take the remedy into our own liands
 Give it to ’em, Bot!!” Ha ha!) He
 concluded his remarks, and
 Mr. U ufehffe, of the Washington bar, in
 response to the loud caiMor him. deiiverudaa
 fiddreas. Every one knew that lie had always
 *-*.&lt;*Hf by the rights the South. He had
tom m it* the Wert—in Olus. CHurrak!)
 •«t. Geutlremn, Wbat ctD you do (“lew it
 |»wt”) pi* fnt of mdact fuu 4c-;
 •pale Wbv aifwitli sorb Inale lrt»
 lijom now,. taf call meet inf to-womnr
 og* or RMly, and deliberate. It's too
 Ihte! H»! ha!» Wb«t will yoa do*—
 P‘ Trar dawn the siUk-e wnr Tear down
 me office under the uarkneas of night! (“No,
 ike mooa ia shining!” l!a! ha f) Why do*
 wait uta lo wwtrtoarf Meet in the daytime.
 Now or never!”) 1 know you hare been
 acyrieved 1 knew that if the mad schemes of
 deluded people are persevered in, oar boooe*
 may be gives to the Same*. (“Ay, that** it;
 apply the dame to the Em I wiM meet
 you at another tune. (“Now! now Lei
 us reflect upon the matter. It is too late.”
 “Do it oowT*!s Weeaa meet to-morrow, or
 the day after, and appoint a committee to see
 what eaa he dnoe m the premises. Let
 Baker out!**) Why, gentlemen, we voald
 entitle ourselves to n* credit. Release Ba
 ker!” who was taken ap far being drank be
 fore the Era office, and placed in limbo.) Let
 a*, I ref eit, go home, and isrembh. to-mor
 row, if yoo chouse, and take measures for the
 abatement of the nuisance. No!” “No!”
 “Act now Now! Now! rung
 through the crowd.)
 At li&lt;t it was decided that a committee
 should be appointed forthwithe, and five
 from each snud was auggrrted. 14 And
 Georgetown!” said several voices. “Agreed!”
 “Agreed!” “And Teunallytown!” ex
 claimed another. “Agreed!” Agreed!
 Mr. RadcliSe proceeded to read the names
 of (he committeemen. Some of them were
 disagreed to, and the majority aeqaiesced in.
 Finally, the committee was declared to he
 filled. “Go now!” Instanter And
 they left the scene for the residence of Dr.
 Bailey, the editor of the Era, who lives near
 the General Poet office Department, and a
 stone’s throw' from the patent office. After a
 short absence, cries were heard, The com
 mittee ate coming Here they are and
 the gentlemen resumed their place on the
 wing of the potent office steps. Mr. Rad
 cliffe reported tiiat they wai.ed upon Dr. Bai
 ley, and that the Doctor was very respectful
 to them, and began to talk of constitutional
 rights. (Hisses.) But the committee in
 formed the Doctor that it was too late.—
 That's it!” The whole amount of the
 matter was, that the editor said that he
 would give oo pledges, or promise anything.
 (“Down with the Era!”) Mr. Rad
 cliffe endeavored to check the duqiosiiion,
 too evident to be mistaken, to tear down the
 office.
 We could not hear his remarks distinctly
 but we saw a sudden movement round the
 corner, towards the doomed establishment.
 We ran, to be in at the first smashing of
 forms, galleys, and power presses. We
 wanted to see how it could “be did.” A
 stone was thrown at (he window, and ting-el
 li.*.g went the glass. Another strike, boys,
 and the day is ouis!” and bang went a brick
 bat at the door. Fight Fight!” Tin;
 crowd began to retreat, and leave the com
 batants the field. It appeared that Captain
 Gitddard and his guard had rolled back the
 human tide that was setting in against the
 passage door, and were, like the Spartans at
 tlie pass of Thermopylae, disputing the way.
 Bang, bang, again went the brickbats.—
 Is there no one to lead?” cried out a man
 in a blouse. You’re nfeared Who
 will follow me Let's get in at the back
 way
 Mr. Key, the United States District Attor
 ney, and the son of the deceased author of
 the Star Spangled Banner,” ascended tlie
 horse-trough in front of a grocery, and asked
 the crowd what they were doing there, and
 what they wanted. Sit down Was it
 to destroy property —to attack an unoffending
 house? (“The press; we want to destroy
 the press!” Gentlemen, fellow-citizens, you
 know that lam no abolitionist. You're a
 hypocrite—you are!”) I was raised here
 and I call upon you as freemen, as friends of
 law and order, to forego your designs. The
 law will remedy any existing evil. The con
 stitution' of your country will give you jus
 tice. It haaa’t done it!”) 1 wish to he
 heard. That's the right way to talk;
 we'll stand by you.”) This gentleman made
 an earnest appeal to the assembly to separate,
 and said that those who were instigating tlie
 disturbance were the least interested in the
 property of slaves.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 5, 1849.
 To the Friends and Readers of the
 North Star.
 Dear Friends, —We arc reluctantly com
 pelled to call upon you for pecuniary assist
 ance. We have succeeded in publishing our
 paper nearly five monlhs, without running in
 debt to any man, and we desire to continue
 its publication free from such embarrass
 ments. But in order to do so, we are under
 the necessity of calling upon you for imme
 diate ]&gt;eeuniary aid. It must be evident to
 all who haVe any knowledge of the expense
 of publishing a large weekly newspaper,
 that something more than the bare subscrip
 tion list is required to sustain it during the
 first year of its issue. We have exerted
 ourselves to obtain subscribers, and have suc
 ceeded to an encouraging extent; but it is
 impossible in our circumstances, commencing
 as we did with but a small number of sub
 scribers, to obtain a sufficient number to float
 unencumbered from week to week. In the
 confident hope that you will come to our
 assistance, we make uo further appeal.
 N. B. All donations in aid of the paper,
 will be most thankfully received, and prompt
 ly acknowledged through the oolumns of the
 North Star.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. R. DELANY.
The Captaii u 4 Crew of the Sckooner
 Peart.
 We are informed, that an effort will be
 made to bail out Captain Sayres, Chester
 English, and Daniel Drayton, the three white
 men on board the Schooner Pearl, the vessel
 in w hich the slaves attempted to escape;
 though the enormous sum of seventy thousand
 dollars is required for that purpose. With
 our whole heart we say let the money he rais
 ed, let it be raised at uoee—at least let the at
 tempt be made to raise it. Let Committees
 lie appointed, and men be at once selected
 who have the heart and the bead to make the
 people see and feel on the subject of this great
 outrage and to solicit subscription not only
 far the purpose ofbailing these generous, but
 unfurtnnate men out of priron but for the
 vastly more important matter of testing the
 law of slavery in the District of Colombia.—
 Such a trial in the Sapreme Court of the Uni
 ted States, with the present power of the sa
 lt-ala very parse, the general aori-ehvery seoti- 1
 meat at the North/had the great tide of moral
 influence setting ia apaa us (tom all parts o V
 the rivßmrd world, aright be made instrumen
 tal in the utter overthrow of slavery in the 1
 District of Colombia. Sane of (he most in-J
 flucatxa! presses ia Beat os are ia fever of the
 measure. We hope kwifl be carried oat.—!
 last it cammeocr Breton, and (ha North.
 East oiml West, will terond the areoua. i
A cAoa i* the Aau-M*very |»v«—|jW
 •Lm a k 1 rtl WmnA TW iMfllf ll
 miß (vunVIT|M ftMfflllv 1
 and teHgioon, a» hssa than the paffitical flMto
 oomta, North and Snath,* boa* and abroad,
 are studded with brilliant aod mart sigmflnnt
 indications, pointing directly to a aeuktneniot
 this aU-coatmanding adject Slavery m
 doomed to dertraetioa; and of this abve
 or encouraged, the grand movement far in
 overthrow ban, under God, attained a paint
 of pragma* when its devoted advocates may
 press its claims in the full assurance that sne&gt;
 cess will aoos crown their righteous endeav
 ors. We have labored long and hard. The
 prospect has at tunes been gloomy, if not
 hopeless. At present, we feel hopeful. Is
 our humble judgment, these is na power within
 reach of the slaveholder, with aJI their arts,
 camring and depravity, which can uphold a
 system at once aa dark, fool and bloody as
 that of American slavery. The powei
 which they have derived from the unconrtilu
 tional and perfidious annexation of Texaa to
 the United States; the vast territories which
 they may acquire by our atrocious war with
 distracted and enfeebled Mexico; the sacrile
 gious support which they receive from a cor
 rupt church and degenerate priesthood; the
 character and position they secure by a slave
 holding President, are all transient, tempo
 rary and unavailing. They are powerful,
 j but must give way to a mightier power.—
 Like huge trees in the bed of a mighty river,
 they only await the rising tide which, without
 effort, shall bear them away to the vortex of
 destruction. The Spirit of Liberty is sweep
 ing in majesty over the whole European con
 tinent, encountering and shattering dynasties,
 overcoming and subverting monarchies, caus
 ing thrones to crumble, courts to dissolve, and
 royally and despotism to vanish like shadows
 r before the morning sun. This spirit cannot
 be bound by geographical boundaries or na
 tional restrictions. It hath neither flesh nor
 bones; there is no way to chain it; swords
 and guns, armies and ramparts, are as impo
 tent to stay it as they would be if directed
 against tlie Asiatic cholera. We cannot but
 ,be affected. These stupendous overturnings
 throughout iho world, proclaim in the ear of
 American slaveholders, with all the terrible
 energy of an earthquake, the downfall of sla
 very. They have heard the royal sound—
 witness their reluctance on the floor of Con
 gress to pass resolutions congratulating the
 French on the downfall of royalty and the
 triumph of republicanism witness the course
 of that prince of tyrants, John C. Calhoun
 witness the mean and heartless response given
 by the misnamed Democrats of the country.
 These friends of 4he hell-born system of
 slavery are painfully aware that the cause of
 liberty and equality are one the world over;
 and that its triumph in any portion of the
 globe foreshadows and hastens the downfall
 of tyranny throughout the world.
 Not among the least important and signifi
 cant signs of the times, are the recent debates
 and occurrences in Washington. A combi
 nation of events has within a few days traus
 pi red there, which may well be regarded as a
 Providential interference in behalf of the en
 slaved and plundered of our land. The bold
 attempt of more than seventy slaves to escape
 their chains their unfortunate arid mor
 lifying recapture —the wild clamor for the
 blood of the men who were willing to aid
 them in their escape—tlie mobocratic demon
 i strations against the Era office—the violent
 and assassin speeches made in both branches
 of Congress—their utter failure to intimidate
 the noble-heartd Giddiug*, Palfrey, and
 Hale—the sovereign and increasing contempt
 with which these gentlemen treat the bullying
 speeches of these bowie-knife legislators, are
 not only signs,but facts,fixingattention on sin
 very, and progress in public
 opinion, directly pointing to the speedy over
 throw of slavery', or a dissolution of our un
 hallowed Union. Should the latter! coinc,
 the farmer must come; slavery is doomed in
 cither case. God speed the day Nevei
 could there have been a better place, or more
 fitting opportunity for such facts, than at the
 place and time which they transpired. Slaves
 escaping from the Capital of the model Re
 public What an idea! —running from the
 Temple of Liberty to be free! Then, too,
 our slaveholding Belshazzars were in the
 midst ot feasting and rejoicing over the down
 fall of Louis Philippe, and the establishment of
 a republic in France They were all pleasure
 and joyous delight; but pleasures are like
 poppies spread.” Their joy was soon turned
 into moaning, their laughterinto fury.
 The hand-writing on the wall to these joy
 ous congratulationists, was the fact, that more
 than seventy thousand dollars’ worth of their
 human cattle had made a peaceful attempt to
 gain their liberty by flight. At once these
 thoughts of glorious liberty abroad gave way
 to the more urgent demands of slavery at
 home. These worthless” negroes are val
 uable. These miserable creatures, which we
 would gladly get rid of, must be brought
 back. And lo and behold these very men
 who had been rejoicing over French liberty,
 are now armed kidnappers, and even oo the
 Sabbath day have gone forth on the delcctible
 business of man-hunting. Well, they have
 succeeded in overtaking and throttling their
 victims; they have brought them back before
 the musket's mouth, and doabUesa most of
 them have been scourged for their temerity,
 and sold into Louisiana and Texas, where
 they will be worked to death in seven years;
 but as sure as there is a God, this will not be
 the last of it. Slavery in the Districtt of Co
 lumbia will receive a shock from this simple
 event, which no earthly power can prevent or
 i cure. The broad eye of the nation will be
 opened upon slavery in the District as it has
 never before the North aod West will feel
 keenly the damning disgrace of their Capita]
 being a slave mart, aad a deeper hatred of
 slavery will be ecgcrdeied in the popular
 mind throughout the Union.
 ID* A portion of one of the burial grounds
 ai Nashville, T«m., is devoted to (he black
 population. One of their preachers, who was
 |a slave, is buried there, aad on a very aeat
 monument erected to his larenmy »this in
 scription “He was faithful in all things till
 his Heavenly Master snid, man* wp-’
 A Nrw^Bsnxir.—At the last meeting of
 the Council, aa ordinance was passed, upon
 petition being made fee the construct ioa of a
 bridge across the river en State street. It ia
 to ha coommctoA by property holders, and
 without expense in the cay.
to a. satin*. tUi coantry neenpfoe »w tb«
 rycooftlm gNpenf ihenM world aa euviabk
 i iwjfiwo. Cforhbmy was Inag Mace achiered;
 waftm free femn the yoke of despot hm, and
 hate a gi*e»t&gt;mciit»« would at change: wv
 atk ao fundamMrtM ■huißinmsfiuai fOUt
 Bn. —HenrdMtl fib country, if iutaw* art
 «id| iJmiaiNrrrl, will mnm a higher P»
 Mtioo ia the eyes of the people of Europe
 than ever before. Aa the jaeaarduee^e^
 that of the United Stanlawtaoiel repah
 fie, instead of being, an it was loaf termed
 aa experiment.
 IT~P The above little extract ia fro* tb«
 iaerrai of this city. M Eaviable peMtm!'
 Liberty long since achieved!** No there
 tioo of the eoastitatioß u Model Repah
 he!** This b laerre brag, humbug and hfpoe
 nay. A model republic with eae sixth a
 iu people ia chains! Shame oa the fie.-
 The tea thousand slave-whips which daily
 plough ap the kviag flesh of American wo
 mea, piodaim the hollow mockery of our re
 publican prafiemknw. Go lean of France
 go and ha taught by aa iahot the first princi
 ples of rcpobfieanisni, before yon utter tin
 foul lie that our liberty is achieved, and thai
 this is a model republic. North Star.
 The above compound of foul language h
 from the pen of Frederick Dougbaa, who cor
 tainly has no personal leasoo to assail this pa
 per with disgraceful abase. Since the estab
 lishment of the North Star, we have endeav
 ored to speak of it and its editor in terms o(
 respectful courtesy, snd with feelings not at
 mil influenced by that prejudice which too gen
 erally attaches to his race. So for as his la
 bors may tend to the destruction of slavery
 we wish them all success, even though we
 may not be able always to approve his pru
 dence or his spirit. The above extract fur
 nishes an additional argument against a sys
 tem which leaves a man incapable of the de
 cencies of language or the courtesies of life.—
 American.
 The reply to the above is, we are neither
 wood nor stone, and without any desire to he
 either personal or disrespectful, we must never
 theless speak out the sentiments of an outrag
 ed heart. We remember with emotions
 amounting to agony, that four endeared sisters
 and one brother ate now held in the horrible
 condition of slavery; that millions of our fel
 low countrymen are now toiling under a burn
 ing sun and a driver's lash, and their heart
 rending appeals for deliverence from chains,
 are answered on the part of Northern men and
 presses with laudations- of the very instru
 ments and institutions which doom them to
 slavery. With such facts before us, and such
 emotions within us, we have little disposition
 to use any other than foul language. Th«
 deeds which we characterize are foul and in
 fernal, and language is too weak to give anj
 adequate expression of our own feelings, 01
 to convey a just idea of the enormity of th&lt;
 crimes which we would with our whole hear
 condemn. We look upon the Editor of th&lt;
 American, as we do upon all others who g&lt;
 for maintaining the constitution as it is ant
 the Union as it is, to be by position if not per
 sonally our sworn enemy. Our standing poin
 and that of the American, is essentially dif
 ferent. It is with the tyrant, wc are with tin
 slave. It is with the white, we are w ith th&lt;
 black people of this country. He may tliinl
 this a “*model republic,” that no altcratior
 of the constitution is desirable,” that liber
 ty achieved,” and all lhat; but w&lt;
 look on the other side—the side whicl
 we think all men ought to look upon; and
 he must not be surprised if we shall sec ant
 speak of things differently. We have no de
 nim to detract one jot from the statement 01
 the Editor, that since the establish
 ment of the North Star, he has endeavored t&lt;
 speak of it and its Editor, in terms of respect
 ful courtesy.” On this score the Rochestei
 press have shown a generosity and magna
 nimity far above the customs and sentiment;
 of tferir cotemporaries at large. What then
 shall we withhold a dree expression of our im
 pressions and convictions of the real charactei
 of America and American institutions, becaust
 we have been personally treated with respect
 ful courtesy by those who are upholding s
 system, that lives at the expense of the righti
 and liberties of millions of our enslaved breth
 ren? God forbid. We shall be as respectful U
 our cotemporaries as the nature of their posi
 tion and our relation to the cause of justici
 and liberty will allow us to be.
 Sympathy Demonstration.
 The meeting to congratulate France opoi
 revolution in that country, will take place ii
 this city, on Monday, 2 o’clock, P. M. Then
 will in all probability be a general “turn-out,’
 and the meeting in point of numbers will be i
 grand one. We hope the demonstration wB
 be in reality all that it professes to be in form
 A meeting in full sympathy with the glori
 ous motto of Franco—“ Liberty, Equality
 Fraternity” —would be most grateful tooui
 own and the hearts of thousands in thiseoen
 uy, who arc every day proscribed and losultec
 for no other crime than that God has clothed
 os with a akin a few shades darker than moo
 of our feflow-cttiiena. We however regiel
 to sav that, judging from some appearances,
 we fear the meeting will be in much greatei
 sympathy with American slavery than with
 French liberty, and that it will be a for bettei
 exponent of American partiality than ol
 French equality. The Courier, an old kvnka
 print ia this city, is already alarmed lest wc
 should appear on that occasion, and thereby
 give an nfiimatve coloring to the pure white
 sympathy which may be there expressed fin
 France. It seems to be greatly fearful ol
 seeing something dork on the occasion. Vi t
 advise him not to be alarmed; he may meei
 with a personage several shades darker that
 ourself if he pursues the path at pnaenl
 ■narked out for his feet.
 IE? M. R. Delajiy ia reqocNed an l®
 shape his appointments as to reach Rochestei
 by the let of June. The intense of tbs
 North Btax will require his peceence by that
 Resist axcr it a. Blsyx.—-A start nl
 Mr. Matthew Cnenßn, ef New Orlmes. as
 mmm. while the Idler wee attempting tc
 chastise Mm. The sieve gashed Mi. C.’i
 bee badly, and subsequently made aa oaeac
 cearful attempt to eel aa officer who was try
 ing to aneet him. He then cat Ms owr
 threat with the mm which he diß heM is
 hie hand; hot* wan aufpnnad that bo wonld
 live leag weagh ta be fmngtad aeeowlmg is
 the statute ia tech ease made bad provided.
Wbr««e fir* Earned tin thid claw oC
 •efarmeflr kad renohred «poa *•**t to brute
 Jbree, tv matt the gweattinent of that
 •ountry, we went satisfied that the wild and
 tricked nmro Wrreld be defeated. It was
 therefore a» expected as it erae gratifying, to
 lean by oar last advices, that they bad wisely
 abandoned the mischievous and useless pro
 ject. Ia all circumstances, we are inflexibly
 opposed to a retort to violence, as a means of
 eftetug reform; and of all violence, we
 regard sene with more absolute horror, than
 that attending civil war. Whatever may be
 the evils, sad however inveterate the forms
 of oppression and t&gt; ranoy ia continental
 Europe, and whatever pretexts may esfert
 these for assailing those farms of oppression
 with brute force, we are confident that no
 such causes or pretexts can be properly cited
 is Grert Britain, as justifying a resort to
 violence. While the liberty of speech is
 allowed—while the freedom of the press is
 permitted, and the right of petition is res
 pected, and while men are left free to origin
 ate refoana without, and Members are foil
 free to propose and advocate them within the
 waflS'Of Parliament, —no excuse can be valid 1
 for resorting to the fearful use of brute force
 and bloodshed. When words will accom
 plish, as they certainly will, all righteous
 measures, ft is wild,, irrational and wicked to
 resort to blows.
 Under no government in the wide world is
 there more respect shown, or encouragement
 offered to reform, than underthat of England.
 During the last thirty years, some of the
 most important reforms ever achieved under!
 any form of government, have taken place in
 Great Britain; so that now, that country may
 be justly regarded as far in advance of all
 other European governments, and in some,!
 and very important particulars, for in advance
 of our own. The passage of the Roform
 Bill in ’33, tl»e Emancipation Act in '34, and
 the repeal of the Com Laws in '46, arc
 reforms which are still fresh in the memory
 of all, and afford ample proof that that coun
 try may be as effectually ruled by opinion as
 our own. No reform need fail there-with
 patient, earnest and persevering efforts for
 its success. Within the walls of the House
 of Commons—aye, the Commons, the clearly
 expressed will of the people, through that
 body, whatever the lords spiritual and tem
 poral may be pleas.'d to say of it at the first,;
 is as certain to become the law of the realm,
 as that manhood follows infancy. On the
 floor of that House,, may b.* seen Richard
 Cobden, John Brif*Ui, Dr. Bowring, Sharman
 Crawford, W. J. Fox, and the peerless
 orator aud philanthropist, George Thompson,
 ready to advocate and defend justice and
 liberty, encouraged or assailed by whom Urey j
 may be. With such advocates in P*.irliament,
 how absurd, monstrous and wicked it is fur
 Chartists or any other class of reformers in
 that country, to dream of bloodshed as a
 means of furthering their cause! To do so is
 !to deserve defeat. Wc are, if wc under-'
 stand Chartism, a Chartism; and we are
 even in favor of more radical reforms than
 they have yet proposed and still, for the
 time being, we rejoice that they have failed
 in their 10th of April demonstration. A
 victory gained by such means would be far
 worse in the sequel than all the pain and
 mortification they must have experienced in
 J their present signal failure. Away widi all]
 I mobs and all violence as a means of reform
 we have experienced too much of this species l
 l of tyranny already. There is a more excel-!
 lent way. With free speech, an unshackled
 press, awl the right of petition, we can defy!
 error, whether in the church or in tire state—
 whether sustained by prescription, or defended
 by the sword—in any case truth shall tri
 umph. War, slavery, monopoly, aud the
 whole train of inequalities that spring from
 the demon selfishness, must fall and expire
 in the presence of those mighty agents. j
 The pen •u|&gt;rriie&lt;le the •word.
 And right n»t might shall be adored,
 In the good time coining.”
 JO* The Looking Glass a new anti-slavery I
 paper wiih this nfirrtivt title, has just been'
 started in Newark, N. J. It aims to he the me- 1
 dium of communicating to the public the views
 and sentiments of the Newark Anti-Slavery
 Society, in relation to the great questions
 which now have influence with the American
 people.
 Communications and orders may be sent
 post paid to William Larison, Corresponding
 Secretary of the Newark Anti-Slavery Socie- j
 *y-
 The Black Laws.—We understand that
 t the British Charge d’Affaires at Washington 1
 has, under instructions from his government,
 remonstrated in very decided terms, to the
 Department of State, against the enforcement
 by the authorities of Mobile, of the laws of
 this state, regulating the arrival of persons of
 color at this port —said laws having been
 enforced last January against free nog rocs
 brought here by the British ships Queen and 1
 Portland. He pronounces such laws to he 1
 1 gross viola!ions of the enmity of international
 i intercourse, iu conflict with the treaty stipu-
 j lations between the two nations, and subver
 sire of the harmony and commercial recipro
 -1 city which it is desirable to establish and
 maintain.
 We understand that the facts and cireum-!
 stances attending the cases referred to, are I
 j now undergoing investigation, and we are j
 confident they will be found to be lean lie mo us,
 than has been repressoted to the British j
 government. Moreover, our State legislature 1
 at the last session, modified the Taws in!
 question to such a degree that we apprehend I
 the objectionable features are removed, and
 no cause of complaint will occur in future.—
 AfcfcJe Tribune.
 Western Hew York Anti-Slavery Society* I
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, May 9th, at the
 Anti-Slavery Office, 95, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance ia requested at 7 o'clock pre
 cisely.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. See.
TO CQ&amp;&amp;EKFO.N UKNTS.
 w. It It, OuKeothe —Favor &lt;i the 17th ah.,
 •wired, lM too iMe far this uoraUr.
 8. B. t Wiim.»We m putld for Ui cnatiit
 ■ed efforts. The direetoowi vo caWullj ob
 serve.
 W. H. O.r-VmmroMHy deferred.
 A. i. A., Betas, O.—We are sorry (hut nor firiead
 hM«ol nwetved Us paper. Wstre* the ntri ti&lt;
 mmr part til hi hwt he ncmdU,
 t W., Boefam.— 29th dt„ metisd. The
 «sw wiH hs fesvrerded lo C\ C\, lo whole Xe.
 stata &lt;d mar arAmmm hes psewMed uesth that tee had
 ■■taeihi t fcr thfe i—h ir.
gomtmtnuations.
Tie Morning Dawn* i
 The times are I’evolutHmary; bockit
 prgressirig the theme is freedom for all t t^e
 problem for nations to solve is, How shall
 Republics become truly free the question of
 man's redemption, recently settled by France
 her almost bloodless struggle and triumphant
 victory; the consistent boon of liberty u,
 colonial subjects, blend in one noble offerin'*
 upon humanity’s altar, constituting a hopeful
 tribute for the negro.
 While tyrants the world o’er tremble m
 view of freedom’s advancing legion, let th«
 bondmen of Republican America lull the
 Freoch demonstration as a bright, emphatic
 omen of their complete enlargement. &lt;;«*i
 is for the oppressed, and no human arm can
 withstand his potency.
 The struggle between freedom’s antes atM j
 freedom’s foes, is now waxing warm on the
 battle-ground, on American soil. The apical
 in rung out, Shall Republican America he&lt;‘&lt;l
 the lessons imparted by Manarchical F.urape
 To the combatants m this moial warfare
 may be applied the terms of Conservative and
 Reformer. The first is satisfied with tilings
 as they are; the second is characterized by
 the freest investigation of all subjects con
 nected with the progress of humanity, and
 longs to make a practical application of ti t
 knowledge thus obtained to the various insti
 tutions of the community in which he lives.—*
 The Conservative fails to appreciate the truth
 stamped on every page o! history, that re
 forms once begun among an injured but de
 termined people, have never retrograded and
 taking counsel of h s fears, instead of Ins
 hopes, holds himself aloof from the labors of
 those who are actively engaged in the eleva
 tion of the weak to an equality with the
 strong while on the contrary, the Reformer,
 animating his courage by a glance at the
 past, his heart encouraged by such a const (il
 lation of glorious examples, yields obedience
 to that inspiration, and despite the com
 bined influences of all- that would impede
 his progress, fearlessly pursues Ins noble ca
 reer, making his life a mission of usefulness
 on earth* the surest hope of an immortal
 crown hereafter.
 Thus inspired ars tbssc intrepid pioneers
 in the American Congress—Joshua R. (*id
 dings, John G. Palfrey, and John P. Halo
 all honor to the noble trio for their vigilance
 and devotion at this trial hour a turning
 point in the nation’s history.
 Courage, Fries* of Freedom The fires
 of liberty now gleaming on the vine-clad hills
 of France, will not only shed light, but heat,
 o'er th*c frozen surface of American pro-sla
 very, animating the bleeding captive yet to
 hope, and impelling the Reformer to press
 onward.
 Colored men of America you wl o
 are the victims of Southern despotism
 or Northern treachery—be awake No man,
 or hotly of men, have a claim upon your
 liberty, but yourselves to God alene are you
 responsible lor the use or abuse of all your
 power. Let no honorable means, then, be
 lost of reclaiming your just rights; for
 though tyrants may frown, "tis your Father
 who smiles. So indeed thought those
 seventy-seven victims of this nation's wicked
 ness and hypocrisy, who vainly attempted a
 peaceful escape from their republican task
 masters. The papers tell us that many col.
 ored men and slaves assembled at the Wash
 ington meeting of sympathy with the French.
 They heard quotations from Hymn on liberty,
 and Senators glorifying a revolutn n which
 had made all the people in France free; and
 in proof of their identity w ith the human fami
 ly, the spark of freedom ignited their hearts,
 and behold their declaration of independence
 But Argus-eyed slavery, true to its own evil
 instincts, pounced uj&gt;on them, dashing the
 cup of nectar from their grasp, even before a
 draught had passed their lips.
 Colored Americans have ever been readr
 to worship at Freedom's shrine in every
 struggle for their country’s cause, hare they
 zealously engaged. They have contributed
 to the support of government as loyal citizens
 —sen ices, alas! which have been liquidated
 only by insult and persecution.
 The page of impartial history bears testi
 mony to the fact, that the first martyr in tho
 American Revolution was a colored man by
 the name of Attucks, who fell in King street,
 Boston. The seven years’ conflict, and also
 the war of 1812, were both dotted by in
 stances of the loyalty of colored soldiers—
 a fact which is of at least significance enough
 to claim for their descendants treatment equal
 to those of a paler hue.
 It is recorded in the history of our country's
 independence, that on the memorable 10th of
 April, 1775, as the patriots Hancock and
 Adams were retiring from the dangers of tho
 field, the latter, enraptured whh joy, ex
 claimed, Oh, what an cver-gloriousp.orning
 is this!” considering the contest at Lexing
 ton a* the prelude of events that were destined
 to secure the happinecs of his country. So
 indeed may the late stirring scenes at Wash
 ington be regarded as fraught with the ele
 ments of triumphant success to the cause of
 freedom. Though John C. Calhoun would
 award to the negro a tribute of chains, a
 symbol of hate, there is an increasing num
 ber extending the tribute of freedom, a token
 of human brotherhood
 And Moa skill we rejoice,
 At the mumuMl ruin we aer,
 Ami million* freer, with heart and Votes,
 The day of jubile*-!”—w, c. a.
 The Ohio Iliack Laws.
 The recent agitations in the National le
 gislative bodies on the question of extending
 slavery over newly acquired territory, the dt
 velopmeuu made as to ita influence ou law
 and murals, its prejudicial effects upon the
 interests of the free white laborer, as well as
 the cruelty inflicted by it upon the helpless
 and unresisting black— a ward, m power
 over society and the general interest of the
 country, have all bad a tendency to arouse a
 spirit of inquiry in the minds of Northern
 men as to what extent h has tainted the insti
 tutions of their own so-called free State*.
 In the pursuit of these investigations, they
 find in the present older of things, the doc
 trine no ofuimes advanced by slaveholders and
 their apologists, that certain races or classes
 Ike exclusive and recognised right Ux
 govern whilst other members of the same
 onsnsaity, hut of a different race or class,
 have those privileges withheld from litem.
 The stability of free institutions, 8 is said,
