Poetry.
Fwc th* North Star.
 SONO.
 Ari! the aowg of the ftw r
 Fron tlte hill* to the m,
 the work! roll#i-
 Etirj ihtt qpiu Im chain*.
 From the hit rmtkm ph«r
 To the far potea.
 Freedom's light has gtme fcrth r
 From the Slv of tl» North.
 With a wakening ray;
 And the dark night of mot
 Uu all TatiiheJ kke ■tom.
 In the glad day.
 Strike the W chorus high,
 Let it *onnJ through the sky:
 Ail the omU h free!
 Troth and Right, lung umiH,
 Now at laat bare prevailed,
 Otrer ala very!
 LiicEiTha. (Eng.) F. i. IL
 THE NORTH STAR.
 JF«:!, Ikon Slight giori ns Star of the North,
 S'.:i &gt;e f &gt;rth in t.v'rrol poi ity and worth.
 An I in thy rtdi.iaee of sober light,
 Gil,l tlie arch of Slaver)'a darkest night,
 An! let thy Seams of freolora shine :410a
 The drear aid long-beel.ni led Isnrisuo,
 la nvl 1 and purest ray*, seen from afar,
 I'U .u cliaate aaJ lovely modest little Star.
 M iv thy bright bmios (lie I warm ever gaw,
 t&gt;! Chi islian brotherhood and holy love.
 To gii lc th** w mderer along tlie road
 From pile despair and misery’# drear abode,
 To that West a;)-:, wh r; slat .try's unknown.
 Each freeborn bring fscLs himself hi* own;
 Sliin* on in brightest rave, then, from afar,
 Tikis chaste an 1 lovely molest little Star.
 Tin evi*; on which thy purest rays are siicd.
 Is love 11 all, however lowly bred;
 r.s k rca.lom’s cans? —it recognizes then
 The wretched an I degraded sons of men,
 Wkats’er their hue, wher’er may be llie zone,
 U vie* Is it# ai I, and calls them all its own:
 Saine on in biighteet ray:*, then, from afar,
 Th »u chaste and lovely modest little Star.
 31 iv thy chaste lieanis, of purest love benign,
 O’er Freedom’# (lag in glory ever shine,
 Till every slave be ransomed from that bitter curse
 of hell,
 An I every one in bondage with swert Liberty shall
 dwell;
 So sh ilt thou be hailed, the bright Star of freedom’s
 dawn,
 To usher in the sacred day of Freedom’s happy
 morn:
 Shine on, then, thou sweet harbinger, in brightness
 fr-&gt;m afar,
 T light the cause of Liberty, thou nrxlesi little Star.
 HIM ANITAS.
 SPM!«or ieli&gt;, April 20th, IS4B.
 SPRING.
 BT ELIZA COOK.
 Welcom?, all hail to thc^,
 Welcome young Spring!
 Thy sun-ray is bright,
 On the Imttci fly’s wing;
 Beauty shines forth
 In the blossom-robed trees;
 Perfume floa's by
 Oa the soft southern breeze.
 Music, sweet music,
 Sounds over the earth;
 O.ir. glad choral aong
 Greets the primrose’s birth;
 The latk soars aliove.
 With its shrill matin strain;
 The shepherd-boy tunes
 His reed-pipe on the plain.
 Music, sweet music,
 Cheers meadow and lea,
 In the song of the blackbird,
 The hum of the bcc;
 Th loud happy laughter
 Of children at play,
 Proclaims how they worship
 Spring’s beautiful day.
 The eye of the hale one,
 Willi joy in its beam,
 Looks up in the noontide,
 And steals from the beam;
 But the cheek of the |&gt;alc one
 Is maiked with despair,
 To feci itself fading,
 When all is so fair.
 The hedges, luxuriant,
 With flowers and balm,
 Arc purple w idi viok-t#.
 And shaded with balm;
 The zephyr-kissed gras#
 la beginning to wave;
 Fresh verdure is decking
 The garden and grave.
 Welcome! all hail to thee,
 Heart-stirring Slay!
 Tluu hast won from my wild harp
 A rapturous lay
 An I the last dying murmur
 That sweeps o’er (lie string,
 IV, Welcome—all hail to thee,
 Welcome, young Spring!
 mw verjiow or
 THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER.
 BT E. A. ATI EF.
 Oh say, do ye hear, at the dawn’s early light,
 The sliri* ki of those Bondmen, w hose blood is
 now streaming,
 From the merciless lash, while our banner in sight,
 With it# stars mocking Freedom, i# fitfully
 gleaming?
 I)o ye see the barks Imre, do ye mark every score
 Ol the whip of the driver trace channels of gore;
 Ail say, ‘loth r.ur Star Spangled yet wave
 O’er the laud of the free and the home of the brave!
 On the shore dimly seen thro’ the mists of the deep,
 Where Africa’s race in fal-x- safely reposes;
 What is that which the breeze,o’er tiic towering
 steep,
 Ai it heedlessly swo ps, half conceals, half dis
 closes?
 Tis 3 Slaveship that’s seen, by the morning’s firsi
 beam,
 And its tarnished reflection pollutes now the stream:
 ’i'is our Star Spangled B-imer, oh, wlien skall.il
 wave
 O’er the land of live free and tlie home of the brave 1
 An I where is that band, wbo so valiar.tly lure
 The havoc of war, and tlie battle’s contusion.
 For Liberty’# sweet#? We siiall know them no mure’
 'I heir fame i# eclipsed by fool slavery *s pollution.)
 No refuge i* fou wl on our uubuUowed ground.
 For the wretched in Slavery’# ruauaeks I stand,
 While our Star Spangled Banner in vain boost# u
 wave
 O’er tilt land of the free and the bone of (be brave
 Shall we ne’er hoi) the day, when as freemen shall
 stand.
 The millions who groan under aatcUew opprer
 riuot
 Shall Liberty’s shout#, in aw hewv©a-reward land,
 Ne’er be #liared by the slave in our
 nation?
 Oh, let u# be just, e’er It God we date trail,
 F.Le the day w iU OVI take w, when perish we must
 And oar Star Spangled Banner at iialf-uust aboil
 wave,
 O'er the death-bad of frn lorn— the Uumc of the
 ftiate.
Selections.
fnm the X»i— I Gnu
 •T. ftOMltaO*
 ((MM.)
 A NEW ELEMENT.
 The stares had hitherto beet pat*
 fectljr tranquil. The struggle bad not
 touched their rights; bo claim was
 act up for them.* But now the noise of
 the conflict ail about them attracted
 their attention. Their matters, too,
 apprehensive that their discussions
 about rights; and the general disorgani
 zations of society, might tempt them to
 revolt, doubled the pairoles. This ex-
 S cited the amazement of the negroes.
 One of the best works we hare con
 sulted, is that of Brown, an American.
 His history seems to have been written
 without any design to sustain a theory;
 but his sympathies are with the plantr
 era. The Amis dts Aoirt” he styles
 fanatics, and the African, he says, is
 j more inclined to idleness and pillage
 than anything else. A quotation from
 his work will show the state of things at
 this time:
 The astonished slave, who had for
 a long time shamed his betters by con
 tinuing in peace to follow the routined
 his industry, now sought to learn the
 cause of this inquietude, and became
 every day more filled withr amazement,
 a :d an undefined restlessness; the whites
 might have discovered evidences of ap
 proaching rebellion; but this was not the
 real source of their anxiety. They had
 higher game in view; and, to counter
 act the designs and hopes of the mu
 lattoes, they were willing to incur the
 hazards of a servile war. Though they
 despised the blacks too much to dread
 the utmost they could do, yet the outcry
 w as ceaselessly spread, that the natural
 operation of the decree tended to pro
 duce discontent and insubordination
 among the slaves. The petits blanct, in
 honest zeal to guard against danger, or
 w ith a recklessness of purpose truly di
 abolical, were more than ever lavish of
 their cruelty to the negroes, and of
 their insults and outrages toward the
 mul&amp;ttoes.”
 Is it wonderful that, when society
 appeared to be in a state of dissolution,
 and civil war raged on every side, the
 slaves being sometimes armed by their
 masters in their bloody conflicts, that
 the bonds of so unnatural a system as
 slavery began to give w r ay?
 In 1791, a few insurrectionary move
 ments took place in different sections,
 but were suppressed by measures of
 unheard-of cruelty.
 General Lacroix gives an extract of
 a letter, characterizing Caradeux, a
 desperado who had usurped the func
 tions of Governor, as follows:
 Si Ton est embarasse par couper
 les tetes, on appelera le citoyen Gene
 ral Caradeux, (Commandant des dis
 tricts du Port-au-Prince,) qui en a fait
 sautcr unc cinquantaine sur I’habitation
 Aubay, et qui, afin qu’on n’en ignorat
 les fiche ait sur des piques le lang des
 hates de son habitation, cn gcncre de
 palmiere.”
 If any one be wanted to cut off
 heads, you can call for the Citizen
 General Caradeux, who caused fifty
 heads to fall on the Abbaye plantation,
 t and, that no one might be ignorant of
 it, stuck them on poles along the hedg
 cs of the plantation, like palin trees!
 What could be expected? On the
 night of the 22d of August, 1791, the
 slaves in the Northern province rose
 upon their masters, and in four days
 one-third of the province was a smoking
 heap of ruins. This was the beginning
 'of the horrors of St. Domingo.
 From that time till order was re-es
 itablished by Touissaint, the island was
 a hell, in which all the furies seemed to
 be let loose. Every man’s hand w r as
 against his brother. The petit blancs,
 the European residents, the creole
 t planters, the mulutloes, now turned
 j their weapons against each other, and
 I then united for a time in beating back
 the black hordes which pressed upon
 them. At first, the whites in Cape
 Francois began to murder the free peo
 ple of color, suspecting that they had
 1 instigated the revolt, but at last accept
 ed their assistance in saving the town
 from the slaves. It was soon discovered
 that the movements of the insurrection
 ists, who styled themselves “Gens du
 Roi,” were influenced toa considerable
 extent by the French loyalists and
 i Spanish emissaries, who were acting
 with them!
 This insurrection was chiefly con
 fined to the northern province, and, as
 the reader at once sees, Emancipation
 had nothing to do with it. The strug
 gle between the Colony and the Home
 Government had all turned upon the
 question of the political rights of the
 mulattoes, a large portion of whom
 were slaveholders; and no proposition,
 much less a decree, had been intro
 duced to emancipate the slaves. These
 revolted, not because they were eman
 cipated, but because they were en
 slaved; and their revolt was sustained
 and directed by French loyalists and
 the counsels of Spain.
 The dreadful event tended to bring
 the white planters to terms in the west
 and south. October 23d, 1791, in
 these sections, the mulattoes were ad
 j niitted to the enjoyment of some politi
 cal rights; but, at this very moment,
 j intelligence arrived that the Constituent
 Assembly of France, on the 21th Sep
 tember, had repealed its decree of 15th
 May. The old quarrel was at once re
 opened with more bitterness than ever;
 and the whites announced that they
 would not concede the privileges se
 cured by tire concordat lately formed
 w ith the colored party, until it had put
 i down revolt among the blacks. Civil
 I war was the result; but Commissioner!
 from France arriving at this moment,
 proclaimed a general amnesty. The
 i Assembly at Port-au-Prince was infuri
 ated at this measure, and an order wai
 given to disarm the free people of color,
 who,” says a French historian, “had
 to that moment fought against the
 blacks with all the zeal that the inter
 ,ests of property can inspire.” The re
 sult was, that many of them, driven tc
 desperation, threw themselves into the
 negro camp, and the work of death wai
 resumed with new horrors.
 Again the National Assembly, whicl
 seemed to be laboring under absolute
 j derangement in regard to the colony,
 passed a decree, dated April 4th,J1792,
 j repealing that of September 24th, 1791
 i
This appeased the w&gt;wt4 ptrtjr, fart
 grown incuiaMf Mraatfii) of the
 white*, whom (hoy saapoctcd of biofag
 procured the disfraaclising act of Sep
 tember tilth, while nt the wry moment
 they were professing amity, it did sol
 manifest its asaal seal in warring
 against the black* It feared another
 act of treachery.
 The planters at Capa Francois were
 infatuated. By yielding In the decree
 of the National Asaembly, and prompt
 ly recognizing the rights of the mu
 lattoes, they had it still in their powei
 to pot down the insurrection in the
 plain. But they were unrelenting, and
 those of the free people of color wbow
 they did not drive into the ranks of the
 insurgents, they alienated.
 AMSSU UMBOS.
 September 16, 17P2, arrived the
 three French Commissioners, Santho
 nax, Polverel, and AiMmude, with au
 thority to carry into effect the decree o
 April 4tb. and with general authority t&lt;
 regulate the affairs of the Colony.—
 The old white proprietors labored t&lt;
 unite the mulattoes with them again*
 the Commissioners, but they would d&lt;
 nothing against a revolution that ac
 knowledged their rights. The patriots
 consisting chiefly of the lower classei
 of whites, of course affiliated with thi
 Commissioners. Jacobinical Clubi
 were formed at the Cape, in imitation o
 those in the mother country, and th&lt;
 aristocrats were proscribed. San
 thonax stationed himself at Cape Fran
 Ccis, Polverel at Port-au-Prince, an&lt;
 Ailhaude at Aux Cayes. The last
 named Commissioner soon abandonei
 his charge in despair, and returnee
 home.
 Santhonax, by uniting the forces o
 all classes of freemen, was making
 head against the insurrection, when wai
 broke out between England and France
 This arrested his success, and, to ad&lt;
 to his perplexity, a strife sprung uj
 between him and M. Galbaud, lately
 arrived from France, with the appoint
 ment of Governor. The commissioi
 was soon revoked, but he determined t&lt;
 hold on to his authority. A civil wai
 was the result. The streets of Cap&lt;
 Francois were drenched in blood.—
 Sunthonax pressed hard, and, on tlx
 point of Losing all, proclaimed liberty
 to the slaves in the city, (who had noi
 joined in the revolt of their brethren or
 the plain,) rallied them to his standard
 invited one of the insurgent bands t&lt;
 come to his aid, and then let then
 loose upon Galbaud and his sympa
 thizers. Galbaud’s forces were routed:
 the city caught fire in the conflict; the
 forces of Sathonax fell upon it anc
 pillaged it, and the citizens who es
 caped with their lives, took refuge
 aboard some ship in the harbor, which
 brought them to the United States,
 where the story of their sufferings com
 manded general sympathy.
 Hundreds of millions* worth of pro
 perty was destroyed, and the loss ol
 life was enormous; and this second
 horror of St. Domingo was attributed
 throughout this country, to Emancipa
 tion We have given the true account;
 and what does it sLow? That in s
 civil feud between the French Commis
 sioner, the lawful authority, and Gal
 baud, whose commission as Governoi
 had been revoked, the former called ti
 his aid slaves whom he liberal d, am
 slaves who had liberated themselves
 mustered them as soldiers, and thei
 gave them the command to wage morta
 battle. We have seen the result; ant
 to attribute this to the abolition of sla
 very, argues unpardonable ignorance
 or something worse, in any publit
 man.
 THE DECREE OF EMANCIPATION.
 It will be observed that no decree o
 emancipation had yet been promulgated
 But the time was approaching when thii
 would become necessary. The insur
 gent blacks in the North, who were ii
 the pay and under the control of thi
 Spaniards, were not to be appeased bj
 any offers of the French Commissioner
 They were the allies of Spain and o
 the King of France, they cried. Th&lt;
 Spaniards w ere pressing upon the fron
 tiers. Accounts were received of th&lt;
 great preparations of England to maki
 a descent upon the Colony. As a las
 resort, Santhonax, by a solemn act
 August -JO, 1793, proclaimed the aboli
 tiun of slavery throughout St. Domingo
 and the admission of the blacks to thi
 rights of citizenship. As the Colonist!
 of the North could not be worse of
 than they were, it produced but litth
 effect upon them; but, in the South am
 West, where the slave had not gene
 rally revolted, the proclamation excitei
 extreme alarm and indignation. Tki
 masters prepared to resist the act.—
 Polverel opposed it, and drew up i
 plan of gradual emancipation, which
 however, was soon abandoned as im
 practicable.
 At length a grand council of th&lt;
 Commissioners and planters was heh
 at Port-au-Prince, and the latter wen
 persuaded to submit. The stern ne
 cessity of the time would admit of littl&lt;
 reluctance in the planters,” says on&lt;
 writer, to this spoliation of their for
 tunes—and the same people who a fei
 months before would jield no privilegi
 to the free colored people of the island
 now, goaded by hard necessity, wen
 forced to subscribe their consent to tin
 emancipation of their slaves.’*
 The hard necessity was, the certaii
 loss of the Colony to the French, am
 its acquisition by the English, if sla
 very were not abolished; and the ob
 ject of the act was, to secure the co
 operation of the slaves in retainioj
 French sovereignty over the island.-
 How efficient was this co-operation w
 shall see presently. But what were th
 effects of this first act of immediat
 emancipation in St. Domingo Brown
 from whose work the foregoing extrac
 is taken, and who, throughout his work
 evidently leans to the planters, says
 j 44 the negroes of the Sooth were ap
 peased by this graciousness in thei
 masters, and returned to their labors o
 the neglected plantations. They be
 gan to plant provisions for their suste
 nance—to relieve the distresses of fa
 mine which were beginning to pres
 heavily upon them, from the failure c
 importation from abroad.** There i
 not the record of a single ifnntu fin
 c«u«d by thi. .ct or enuuKipalioiiTli
 did not recall the insurgent* of th
 north to the plantations, because the
 had liberated themselves by force
•hm, lad viva mow drilled li soldiers
 in the pey *f tk* SpuitHb.
 Bat though thi liberated negroes
 were contested, the plant*** were
 sullen and imperiled against France.
 Thi* disaffection extended to mmmjjtf the
 mulatto planters, who, like their white
 brethren, looked down spoe the blacks
 with biWer contempt. Proposals which
 both classes had made to Britain before
 hostilities betweea that cowrtry and
 France, were now eagerly accepted.—
 The planters agreed to aid the British
 ia taking possession, of lha island, and
 the British agreed to eaable them to
 reduce their negroes to thsis farmer
 slavery.
 THE ENGLISH INVASION.
 The English armament at length
 made its appearance. Jeremy was
 seized. The Mole St. Nicholas aad
 many other places fall into their bands,
 a large number of inulaltoes co-opera*
 ting with them for the restoration of
 slavery. The whole of the .western
 coast is occupied by the English.—
 Meantime, the Spaniards march upon
 the frontiers, and ft* Conmrissionerspwe
 obliged to concentrate their forces in
 Cape Francois, Port de Pans, and Port
 au-Prince. They erect the guillotine
 at the latter place, and blood flows iu
 streams, until the emancipated negroes,
 mastered in the French army, horror
 stricken, made such an outcry against
 (his cruelty, that Santbonax is obliged
 to remove it.
 Pbrt-au-Prince capitulates to* the
 English in 1794 The same year, the
 Commissisners are arrested, sent home
 to France, tried by the Constituent
 Assembly, which fully acquits them,
 sustain* th*ir whole course, and ratifies
 too unconditional emancipation of the
 slaves of St. Domingo.
 While the English are establishing
 themselves on the Western coast, the
 Spaniards and blacks are consolidating
 their power in the North. Another
 horror is now brewing. The Spaniards
 send out proclamations to the United
 States and all parts of the world, invi
 ting the fugitive planters to return and
 settle upon their estates, promising pro
 tection. Eight hundred of them accept
 the invitation, and land at Cape Fran
 cois. The Spanish troops, with their
 auxiliaries, the insurgents, march into
 the town, under the mask of friendship.
 The victims are deluded. High mass
 is celebrated. A low whistle is heard,
 the signal agreed upon, and, in an in
 stant, the knives of the Spaniards and
 their allies are sheated in the hearts of
 the unsuspecting Frenchmen, who are
 denounced as murderers and regicides.
 The whole plot had been laid by the
 diabolical cunning of the Spanish priest
 Vasquez. And yet this is one of the
 horrors ascribed to emancipation!
 The island seemed utterly God-for
 saken. Aristocrats treacherously but
 chered patriots, and patriots guillotined
 aristocrats. In St. Mark’s and Port-au-
 Prince, foul conspiracies to destroy the
 whole of the English forces at one blow
 were detected among the very planters
 who had been most urgent in invoking
 their assistance.
 The French were now driven to Port
 de Pai.v, their last foothold in the island,
 and their cause seemed desperate. But
 in 1795, the treaty of Basle not only
 relieved them from the hostility of the
 Spaniards, hut secured to them the title
 of the whole island, including the
 Spanish part of it: at this.opportune
 moment, the celebrated Touissaint
 L’Ouverture, goes over to the Commis
 sioners,and putting himselfat the head of
 the insurgent blacks, and the remnant of
 native troops,carries on the war against
 the English, until, in 1798, they are
 compelled to evacuate the island.
 Before this, Santhonax, having re
 turned from France, attempts, hastily
 and unwisely, to reduce the power of
 Rigaud, at Aux Cayes, a mulatto chief
 tain, who, by his skill and daring, had
 long made head against the English in
 the South. This gave birth to an in
 surrection, August 38, 179(5, at Aux
 Cayes—another of the horrors o£ St.
 Domingo—which was appeased the mo
 ment his delegates withdrew.
 May 5, 1797, Touissaint was declared
 General-in-Chief of the Colony. His
 influence over the liberated blacks was
 omnipotent. All authorities concur
 in representing, that civil feuds disap
 peared under his wise measures— the
 blacks went to work order was re
 stored—the whites enjoyed perfect se
 curity-commerce began to flourish—
 and all the arts were again taking root.
 But the Directory grew jealous of his
 power, and suspicious of his designs.—
 They gent agents to watch his course,
 and deprive him of hia office, but he
 baffled their cunning. He lived, he
 said, but for one purpose, the liberty ot
 his race; and though willing to ac
 knowledge the island as a dependency
 of France, be would not consent to
 measures looking towards the re-estab
 lishment of slavery.
 Bonaparte, having been relieved by
 the treaty of Amiens from his Euro
 pean enemies, ambitious to bring back
 all the colonies to their original state,
 and stimulated by the representations of
 the refugees from St. Domingo, fitted
 out a formidable expedition of 25,000
 veteran soldiers, and gave the command
 to general Lc Clerc, who arrived at
 Samana, January, 1802. The object
 of the expedition, although veiled by
 the habitiual dissimulation of Napoleon,
 was to restore the old order of things,
 and re-enslave the blacks. These were
 deceived at first, and the General’s ef
 forts were crowned with partial suc
 cess. The black chiefs were divided.
 Touissaint was entrapped, sent to
 France, and doomed to linger out the
 rest of his days in a dungeon. But the
 negres soon became apprized of the
 real design of the expedition. They
 rallied for liberty, and commenced the
 system of guerilla warfare disease
 helped them by decimating the French,
 who, on the 2Wth of November, 1803,
 evacuated the bland, and left it under
 the sovereignty of those who bad res
 cued it from England, aad would have
 rejoiced at its continuance as a depend
 ency of France, bad not the despotic
 Napoleon conceived the abominable de
 sign of repaying their services by re
 ducing than to slavery.
 We need not recapitulate the leading
 points in this brief sketch. Our two
 propositions are Sustained:
 1. Emancipation was not, in nay
 sense, the cause of the troubles and
 insurrections in Bt. Domingo.
vKuhihmli
 Emancipation, a* it ia caM.
 Fm U* V«kly CMtlt.
 Air BTUIM AT a. DB UJLUU
 TUB’S*
 14 u J^rt 1
 r.
 Oa Sunday imlog (the 19lk) f ac
 companied M. P. to ike Hotel
 des Capocinas, and wa» presented to
 M. and Madame da Lamartine.
 We ware received with cardial an&gt;
 plicity, and an satire absence of slake
 or pretension* in a handsome* bat not
 particularly sumptuous drawing-room;
 in which some eight or ten persons
 were bssembfcd, talking of the news
 just received front Vienna.
 Madame da Lamartine la an Eng
 lishwoman, very unaffected, easy, and
 simple m her mannsm; much inter
 ested, of course, in (be situation, in the
 present embarrassments, and glorious
 prospects of the republic; above all,
 in the vast amount of individual suffer
 ing which so sudden a convulsion has
 necessarily entailed; and which she
 makes it her especial province to alle
 viate. She dwelt, without any sort oi
 reserve, on the existing distress; men
 tioning amongst other things, that the
 ourrieres of Para ware one and alt out
 of employ; and that in a single aron
 disement (the first, if I remember
 rightly,) the application* for relief had
 exceeded hy upwards of 10*000 the
 average number.
 M. de Lamartine is a tall spare man,
 with features somewhat worn and
 eager; the nose aquiline and promin
 ent; the lips rather thin, slightly com
 pressed, and nervous. His eye, as it
 rests on you, has that peculiar expres
 sion which 1 have observed in men
 whose vision is perpetually gazing be
 yond the actual, the individual—fixed
 on futurity—ranging in die ideal, the
 universal. Had we been* talking in
 the open air, 1 should harve thought
 that he divided his attention between
 me and some star in the horizon. His
 utterance is rapid, his language fluent,
 his ideas ready, his imagery copious
 and striking. He is fond of walking
 up and down the room with his inter
 locutor; varying his pace with the
 varying current of his ideas. He
 speaks, I think, more than he listens;
 presenting, in this respect, the same
 contrast to our English statesmen, that
 the French initiative plan of govern
 ment bears to our cautious and merely
 regulative system. He apologised! for
 not speaking English, and asked* me,
 as an impartial observer, what 1 thought
 of their situation.
 1 said that the financial difficulties
 were the knot of the question.
 Yes, yes!” he replied, we have
 financial difficulties; but we shall gel
 through them perfectly well."
 “In time," no doubt, I rejoined;
 but ia six month*? in
 In a very short period,” he inter
 posed quickly.
 Can you increase your production
 of food sufficiently to fulfil your pro
 mises—your guarantees to the work
 men?” I inquired.
 “We shall increase it very largely
 and very rapidly," he replied; we
 have great facilities for doing so, and
 we shall take full advantage of them.”
 “To an English apprehension,” I
 observed, “it seems dangerous for a
 government to descend into the arena
 of commerce, and initiate enterprises,
 such as banks, workshops, and 90 forth.
 We think that this tends to defeat pri
 vate calculation, and to damp the ardor
 of individual enterprise. In short, to
 us, centralisation—”
 “Centralisation,” he cried, “is the
 sign of a «high and intense social life.
 In the animal kingdom, the lowest
 forms of life are the most diffuse; as
 you ascend through the scale of organ
 isms, you meet life in more and more
 centralised forms. It is the same with
 societies.”
 I think this is the snbstance of what
 he said; but he spoke very rapidly for
 several minutes; and, I own my atten
 tion was diverted by the secret care oi
 hunting up a suitable image ia support
 of my rejoinder.
 I accept your illustration,” said I,
 and 1 take the human body, gov
 erned by the brain, as the most per
 fect example of centralisation. Now,
 when bile is wanted, does the brain
 undertake to secrete it? Certainly
 not. It leaves that to the special
 organ appointed for the purpose. It
 stimulates the liver, if necessary, by
 sending it some vital impulse; and in
 1 this manner, no doubt, it indirectly pro
 motes the secretion; but the brain
 itself never furnishes bile. The more
 j the brain is centralised in an animal,
 I the more centralised and independent
 of interference is each organ of the
 body. Now, in the social body, take
 the banking system, and consider that
 I the aaalogue of the liver—the organ,
 so to speak, for the secretion of credit.
 We say, that the government, which is
 the brain, should never turn liver, and
 take to banking on its own account.
 It may stimulate, if necessaiy, the ela
 bo rat ion of credit through its natural
 organs; hot it should not assume the
 special functions of producing it. That
 is my objection to government compe
 titiou, and to discounts advanced by
 state. I should have preferred to oper
 ate through the hankers.”
 “But we applied to the beakers,”
 he returned, and found them inade
 quate to the crisis. We bad no choice
 but to act ourselves. Besides, you
 overlook the essential difference be
 tween our character, our system, our
 antecedents, and yours. If you place
 yourself in an exclusively English
 point of view, yon will never under
 stand France, her peculiar questions,
 her distinctive merits sod defects, and
 her social requirements, We do not
 appeal to exactly the same motives; w«
 we do not respond to peocisely the
 same desiree; cannot govern by abeo
 lutely identical means. Our material
 civilisation is lem advanced than yours;
 our commerce Icm certain and me
 chanical in its operation; our aego
 eianta lem enterprising. Our work
 ing population is animated by certain
 sympathies sad instincts on which ex
 perience shows that we can rely; sym
 pathies and iratiuola, Jam regular,
 perhaps, ia their individual manifests
 tiou, but not lem real nor lem norma
la their collective influence; than the
 m-nririir* principles on which your
 system h almost exclusively based.
 These are the qnaMlies which give
 .France her pec-eminence as an initia
 tive people; and which respond, with
 sensitive vibration, to every well-timed
 appeal. Neglect them, and France
 euflfiiu mm; trample on them, and
 thw result is explosion. They are
 accompanied, in the mam of our peo
 ple, w*h great patience, good sense,
 and droUwrt and their indications,
 conjointly with economical principles,
 util enable ns to work out the new
 destinie* of France.”
 Here the conversation was inter
 rupted by the arrival of a messenger,
 whose news calledM. Lamartine away;
 and I soon after took my leave.
 The above sketch readers, pretty
 accurately, the impression left on my
 mind by this conversation; I do not
 pretend to have retraced it phrase by
 phrase.
 Ebenexer Elliott and the Aris
 tocracy.— I found Ebenezer Elliott
 standing at his porch, with his huge
 Newfoundland dog beside him. 1 mere
 ly introduced myself as an admirer of
 bis poetry, who had a desire in passing
 to pay my respects to him. He gave
 me a very cordial welcome. We en
 tered his room, and were soon deep in
 conversation. And we were soon, too,
 high in conversation for our talk,
 amongst other things, turning on a cer
 tain class of society, 1 happened to say,
 Ant “spite of all their faults as a class,
 many of them as individuals, were very
 amiable people.” This was a little too
 much for him. The latent fire of the
 Cbwv-law Rhymer blazed up; he start
 ed from his cßair, and, pacing to and
 fro with his hands at his back, exclaim
 ed, “Amiable men! amiable robbers!
 thieves! and! murderers! Sir, I do not
 Kke to hear thieves, robbers and mur
 derers called amiable men! Amiable
 men, indeed! Who are they that have
 ruined trade, made bread dear, made
 murder wholesale, put poverty into
 prison, and' made crimes of ignorance
 and misery Sir, Ido not like to hear
 such terms used for such men!,’ I
 laughed, and said, Well, Mr. Elliott,
 you and I shall certainly not quarrel
 about any such people; and 1 ought
 not to sit talking thus as a perfect
 stranger: it creates a false position and
 false conclusions.” I then mentioned
 my name. He sprang across the room,
 caught hold of iny offered hand with
 both his, gave it a great shake, and
 then hastened out to call Mrs. Elliott,
 HowUt's Homes atui Haunts of the
 Poets.
 Good Advice to You.no Women.—
 Trust not to uncertain riches, but pre
 pare yourself for every emergency ii
 life. Learn to work, and not to be de
 pendant upon servants to make you
 bread, sweep your floors and darnyoui
 own stockings. Above all thing*, do no
 esteem too lightly those honorable
 young men who sustain themselves ant
 their aged parents by the work of theii
 hands, while you care for and receive
 into your company those lazy, idle pop
 injays who never lift a finger to help
 themselves as long as they can keep
 body and soul together, and get suffi
 cient to live in fashion. If you are
 wise you will look at the subject as we
 do—and when you are old enough to
 become wives, you will prefer the hon
 est mechanic, with not a cent to com
 mence life, to the fashionable loafer,
 with a capital of ten thousand dollars.
 Whenever we hear remarked, Such
 a young lady has married a fortune,’ 1
 we always tremble for her future pros
 perity. Riches left to children by
 wealthy parents often turn a curse in
 stead of a blessing. women,
 remember this; and instead of sounding
 the purses of your lovers, and examin
 ing the cuts of their coats, look into
 their habits and their hearts. Mark if
 they trade, and can depend upon them
 selves; see if they have minds which
 will lead them to look above a butterfly
 existence. Talk not of the beautiful
 cfoar skin, and the soft, delicate hand
 —the splendid form and the fine ap
 pearance of the young gentlemen. Let
 not these foolish considerations engross
 your thoughts.
 Arrest for Murdering a Slave.
 —The Mobile Herald of the 7th inst.,
 states that in that city, a man named
 James Paul, was arrested on Wednes
 day, as a fugitive from justice in Mis
 sisippi. He was committed to jail. It
 appears that some three years ago, the
 prisoner murdered his slave in Lowndes
 county, Miss. He was arrested, and
 before the examination was made, gave
 bail in the sum of $lO,OOO. He fled to
 Texas, and returning to Mobile, was
 arrested, as is stated above. The pri
 soner was formerly in business in that
 city, and is a man well to do in the
 world, as far a 3 property is concerned.
 The murder alleged against him, ac
 cording to the current story, was of a
 rare cruelty. After beating and other
 wise torturing his manservant to death,
 he cut the body into pieces and des
 troyed it by fire, for the purpose of
 concealing all evidence of his crime.
 Eulogies ox John Q. Abams.—
 The great men of our land, of all par
 ties, have vied with each other in pro
 nouncing eulogies upon the illustrious
 Ex-President, so lately deceased. They
 have recapitulated his public services
 i and honors—have said great and good
 things of him—have given him much
 and justly deserved praise; but among
 all the eulogies we have noticed, none
 1 has been so well expressed, none so
 1 well deserved, none so affecting, none
 that could be more grateful to the de
 parted, than what is contained in the
 following sentences The crowds
 who called to see Mr. Adams yester
 day and to-day, ware immense. Many
 coUrtd awn came to aee him in his
 coffin, and uetd —my mtnmg. They
 begged earnestly for a mat sight of
 him.”— Bmrriit’s Christum Citizen.
 Tub Pams* ix German r.—A greal
 change has come over the Press ia
 Berlin. Being now (res, they are very
 interesting, a surprising trail in them.
 News boysfor the first time appear ic
 in the atraeb, and scatter tbepages oi
 intelligence over the city. The pre si
 once free, the rights of the poople an
 soon established*
ißltnMC^j
 The wall of a building newly erected
 fell down daring tbo past week, crush
 ing four labormg men under an ava
 lanche of brick, stone, and mortar.— A
 gang of active laborers were immedi
 ately at work, with pickaxes, shovel*
 and crowbars, to dig them from beneath
 the immense mass of materials that con
 cealed them. The feet and hands of
 one man were discovered, knd he was
 soon raised and carried to the sidewalk.
 He gave no signs of life. Another was
 extricated, horribly mangled and
 speechless; the other two, with broken
 limbs and bloody faces, were not yet
 dead. There they lay, for the passers
 by to gaze upon, until they could be
 carried to their desolate families. One
 said, poor fellows!” and passed on;
 another cast a furtive glance at the
 shocking sight, and hastened to hi*
 place of business; while a third ex
 claimed, with a vacant stare—“ why
 they are Irish!”
 Sure enough they were Irishmen!—
 Who else could they be, who were la
 boring with zeal for their daily bread r
 in aiding to erect our dwellings and
 shelter our homesteads? We reflected
 fora moment on the hard fate of Ire
 land and ofths Lrisboieu: the home visit
 ed by gaunt famine, and their wives
 and children perishing for bicad—a fine
 fruitful country, although misgoverned!
 —with landlords who were pinching and
 severe—with all those riots and o«A
 breaks which scarcity and want never
 fail to produce, and a legal commission
 sitting in every tow n to hang and trans
 port criminals who, driven to despera
 tion, have committed murder, arson*
 and other crimes! Then we see them
 transported by the parish, and sent to
 America in emigrant ships, perishing
 with ship fever as they land on our
 shores. What as a people have they
 not endured, and do they not now en
 dure, and where are a people whose
 labor and whole services valua
 ble to the country? Look at that grand
 specimen.of enterprise, perseverance,
 and labor, the canul which unites the
 waters of the Hudson withJLake Erie.
 See the millions of property, of provis
 ions, of brcad-stufls, which float over
 its four hundred miles of serene, placid
 and limpid streams! See its numerous
 locks, feeders and brunches! Look at
 its immense revenue, and fleets of crafts
 which navigate its .waters! Look at tho
 miles of deep cuttings through moun
 tains of giauite rocks. See the large
 vessels now moored at our wharves
 pass up the Hudson into the canal, and
 debouche in the great inland sea at Buf
 falo! Whose labor has accomplished!
 that gigantic work? Irishmen’s! Theiir
 little shanties with their children, pigs„
 cows, and potato garden, lined the
 j banks of the canal, between villages
 and hamlets. Who grade our railroads,
 dig through tunnels, nail down the rails
 on sleepers, which enable us to travel
 from city to city with celerity and di?.-
 patch? Irishmen! Who plant the
 thousands of miles of posts, and suspend
 the wires which, like lightning, trans
 mit tidings of joy, sorrow, trade, com
 merce, and domestic affairs? Irish
 men! Who build our aqueducts, our
 high bridges, our churches and our
 dwellings? Irishmen! Who, when
 you ring the bell to bring in your meals
 —who cooks your dinner, nurses your
 child, makes your beds, and attends to
 all your domestic wants? Irish-woincn!
 And in our late war, who marched up
 to the cannon’s mouth uud, amidst fire
 and balls, planted the star-spangled
 banner on the ramparts of the enemy?
 Irishmen! In every position they arc
 the most valuable, and, when propci ly
 guided, advised, and tempeiutc, the
 most useful of any class of people in the
 country. We could not get on with
 out them. Yet they arc but little cared’
 for as a people. It’s only an Irish
 man!” say the callous, on looking at
 the casualties which befal these valua
 ble people. About the time of election*
 it is true, they are very useful and
 sought alter. They have votes, and
 they plunge into the heated contest,
 get their heads broke and their coats
 torn to pieces to secure the election of
 some person who probably cares noth
 ing more about them than to secure
 their votes.
 Look at the sunny parts of their char
 acter. See the poor servant girls sav
 ing up a few dollars of their wages to
 send to their friends at home! See
 them going to church early in the morn
 ing, in all weather, and how strong is
 their religious faith and abstemiousness!
 On land or water, in peace and in war,
 in useful employments, indomitable per
 severance, uniting industry and cheer
 ful willingness, they are a people above
 all others to be prized, and if their
 children are educated and brought up
 in temperance, aa an affirmative pre
 cept they will prove the most useful and
 valuable body of citizens that our re
 public can boast of.
 Very k bench—y.—We have read
 nothing about the revolution so exceed
 ingly 1* rench as the following incident,
 narrated in a letter from Paris, w ritten
 by a lady:—
 1 am told that in the midst of the
 rush of the people into the palace of the
 Tuileriee when they were so much ex
 cited, that on entering file saloon of
 the Q.oeen, they found a piano, and
 that they forced a young man to sit
 down and play for them, and they all
 went to dancing the polka. This is *o
 French that I can believe it without snv
 trouble.” 7
 Eablv Death.— We should never
 mourn for one who dies at fifteen.—
 There die the first dawning of love with
 the spring flowers in He little heart. I
 would visit the grave of such an one in
 to* »pruig, merely that 1 night be glad.
 Resemblances.— Some philosopher
 has remarked, that every aniinsl, when
 dressed in human apparel, resembles
 mankind very strikingly in features.—
 Put a frock, bonnet and spectacles on a
 pig, and il looks like an old woman of
 A bull dressed in an overcost
 would resemble a lawyer. Tie a few
 ribbons round a eat, put a fan in its
 paw, aadg boarding miss is repress ot
 «d. A cockrel in uniform is a general
 to the life. A hedgehog looks like a
 I miaer. Dress a monkey in a frock-coat,
 cut off his tail, trim his whiskers, and
 'you have a city dandy. Donkeys rc
 rcsoinble a good many persons.
