FREDERICK DOUGLASS, I
 M R. DELANY, j Emnun.
YOL. I. NO. 20.
The NORTH UTAH hi published ever]
 Friday, at If a, S 3, IKafals Htiwt,
 (OpftmSt dm Arndt.)
 TERMS.
 Tfro dollar* per annum, W»ijh m tdr*net. N'
 lUt-riptioo sill He received (or a (r*e *er» U*
 •is month*.
 Aiirmieemsate «ot csrmdisf Urn line* rawr**
 ihtut tian for one dollar every *oliw|aeal »«*er
 lion, twenty-lire cent*.
 Tmk. «bj of the Nastm Sr*n wilMie toattarl
 (St.arKRT all it* imn* a»l aejirct*; */lvor*L
 UstVKStAL E»*selfATio*; esaH the rtawfcur*
 of Pcatic NoßUirr; promote die moral awl
 tellectonl t;«jw'&gt;vrmeni of the CotollD ProPLr.:
 ami iKu.teo On &lt;l*y of FREEDOM to i\k Thuxi
 Mu.mom of our Emlavzd Futow Coes
 vbtnk*.
 TI BUSKER’S NOTICES.
 Tyv All e xn-mwiration* rrlatinc to the hutintm
 mJtrr, o( the paper, «-*e* remit-
 Ufic.w, fcr..**h «dl bs acklre**ed t* WILLIAM C.
 KKi t., PoMioher.
 fKf~ Aervit*. ani all other* sending name*, an
 leriuealcd to l«e »rc;irat&lt;*, an*l ?ive the Pom Ofirt,
 the f.Wy, and the Stmt. Each Sui.acrilter u »ui-
 MeJiately ere lite l tm money received.
 ro&gt; Xov per* m xemlwg in the [wjiieiit for fan
 •ulncriW*, to lie firtvanled to one aildrc**, ma\
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 frs* AH I •tier* and ctMiiuiunWtion* imtut be po*(
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M toinivuTT*. —R. K. W’alentt. 21, Conthill,
 n .no i; Nat.ian John* m, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Fost r, Lowell; Janie* N. Buffimt, Lynn; George
 Fran*, Woreester lUiine Sjioowr, Flvtiwntli 1
 Charles 11. S -ti», RpriittfeH David iUigjlc*,
 Northampton; 11. Oarpe.itcr, I |Hon.
 Maim.—Oliver D-nett, Portland.
 Vi.aao.fr. —lt miaul T. Kolriaaon, North Fcr
 risbnr?.
 CoJO KrTict’T. —Jonathan I/Ninarl, Morhlrn.
 N►:vv fltsesHinr..—Were Ta|ipan, Bra Iford.
 Nr w York. —Svlnev 11- Gav, 112, Nassau
 Street; J.I Ills M •CnV* Smith, 9X West Broadway;
 Jos?[ill Post, WVsthorv, &lt;ine-m Comity; Marr llar
 jmt, A! bain; Klin* Macislun; W ilk’ttn
 Peru, Clint on County; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F. PUtl, Penn Yan; J. Jo Trey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Riiour. Isi.t'in. —Amaraney Paine, Providence.
 Pr.NSSVi.v v i —J. M. AT Kim, 31, North 1 iftli
 Stre -t, Phil* ielpiiin; G. W. Gt.it* 8, F.xrhanj*
 l’l.i-e, Ditto; 11. Vasli ui, U. Bmvn, PittsUirg;
 William Whipyer, C iktoibia; Isaac Robert*, Jarol
 L. Pax ia, Norristown, M mt-j mien Conntv.
 Ohio.—Ciiri-ti.ui Dmal ison, 1 ineimuiti; G. W
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine NichoLson, Harvey*hurgh
 Warren Uou tty; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MioHKitx.— Holjert Bunks, Detroit.
 IxtilAS v.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
0 elections.
 TIIK SENATE.-April 20.
 PROTECTION OF rROPERTV IN THE DIS
 TRICT OF COLUMBIA.
 Agreeably to notice, Mr. Hale
 asked leave to introduce a bill for the
 Protection of Property in the District of
 Columbia—making any city, town, orj
 corporate place liable for injuries done
 by mobs.
 Mr. Hale —l wish to make a single
 remark*’ iti order to call the attention of
 4lie .Senate to the necessity of adopting
 ihe legislation proposed by this bill.
 The bill itself is nearly an aostract of at
 similar law now in force in the adjoin
 ing State of Maryland, and also in many
 otuer States of the Union. The neces
 sity for the passage of the bill will be;
 apparent to the Senate from facts which
 are probably notorious to every mem
 ber of the body. Within the present
 week, large and riotous assemblages of j
 the people have taken place in the
 District, and have not only threatened
 to carry into execution schemes utterly
 subversive to all law, with respect to
 the rights of property, but have actual
 ly carried these threats into execution,
 after having been addressed, upheld
 and countenanced by men of station in
 society, whose character might have
 led us to suppose that they would have
 taken a different course, and given
 wiser councils to those whom they ad
 dressed. It seems to me, then, that we
 have approached u time when the
 decision is to he made in this Capitol,
 whether mob-law or Constitutional law,
 is to reign paramount. The hill which
 I now propose to introduce, simply
 makes any city, town, or incorporated
 place within the District, liable for all
 injuries done to property by riotous or
 tumultuous assemblages. Whether
 any farther legislation on the part ot
 Congress will be necessary, time will
 determine. But I may be permitted to
 sav, that at the present in &gt;ment, we
 present a singular spectacle to the peo
 ple of this country and to the world.
 'File votes of congratulation which this
 Senate sent across the Atlantic to the
 people of France, on their deliverance
 from thraldom, have hardly ceased,
 when the supremacy of mob-law, and
 the destruction of the Freedom of the
 Press, arc threatened in this Capital of
 the Union. Without farther remark, I
 move that this hill he referred to the
 Committee on the Judiciary.
 Mr. Bagby —l rise for the purpose of
 giving notice that whenever that bill
 &gt;«hull he reported by the Committee—if
 it ever should be—l shall propose to
 amend it by a section providing a suffi
 cient penalty for the crime of kidnap
 ping in this District. 1 was struck by
 a remark made by the Senator from
 Ncw-Humpshirc. He adverts to the
 rejoicing of the people of this country
 at the events now in progress in Eu
 rope, and thence infers that the slaves
 of this country arc to be permitted to
 cut the throats of their masters. I shall
 certainly, Sir, attend to this subject.
 Mr. Hale—To avoid misapprehen
 sion 1 purposely abstained from saying
 a word in regard to anything that might
 even be supposed to lie beyond the case
 which it is the object of this bill tc
 meet. 1 did not make the most distant
 allusion to Slavery. 1 refrained from
 it purposely because 1 wanted to pre
 seul to the consideration of the Scuate
 the simple question of the integrity ol
 the law and the rights of property
 unembarrassed by considerations of the
 character alluded to by the honourable
 Senator from Alabama. 1 shall ac
 cordingly unite with that honourable
 Senator in favour of a law agaiuat kid
 napping. Because, if I am correctly
 iiformed by individuals upon whose
THE NORTH STAR
testimony {dace the most implies
 credit, that one of the moat ovtrageoui
 cases of kidnapping was commute!
 within sight of this Capitol, no longei
 ago than yesterday, and that too in tht
 i case of an individual having in hit
 pocket an injunction issued by thi
 highest judicial authority in this Dm
 trict to restrain all persons from molest
 ing him. Yet, in violation of tht
 injunction, be was forcibly seised, n&lt;»
 only without law, but against law—noi
 only in utter neglect, but in flagrant
 contempt of the most sacred guarantee
 jof the Constitution. This outrage wai
 perpetrated within the limits of the city,
 I in the very neighbourhood of the Capi
 tol.—l will, then, go with the Senatoi
 from Alabama, heart and hand in the
 adoption of any legislation for the pre
 vention of such outrage but I mint
 say that that is very foreign to tbs ob
 ject of the bill which I have introduced.
 Mr. Benton —There is some very
 pressing business awaiting the action ol
 the Senate, and Ido not know that
 the remarks whitch have been made
 arc applicable to any motion pending
 at present. May 1 ask if there be any
 question pending?
 The Presiding Officer —The question
 is, shall the Senator from New Hamp
 shire have leave to introduce his bill?
 Mr. Calhoun —What is the bill
 The Presiding Officer —The bill will
 he read.
 The Secretary then read the bill,
 which is as follows;
 ['Die nature of the bill has been stat
 ed above.]
 Mr. Calhoun —l suppose no Senatoi
 can mistake the object of this bill, anc
 the occurrence which has led to iti
 introduction. Now, Sir, lam amazee
 that even the Senator from New Hamp
 shire should have so little regard foi
 the laws and the Constitution of the
 country, as to introduce such a kill ai
 this, without including in it the enact
 ment of the severest penalties againsl
 the atrocious act which had occasionec
 this excitement. Sir, gentlemen ii
 would seem, have at last come to be
 lieve, that the Southern people anc
 Southarn members have lost ail sensi
 bility or feeling upon this subject.
 know to what this leads. I have knowi
 for a dozen of years, to what all this ii
 tending. When this subject was firs
 j agitated, I said to my friends, there ii
 •but one question that can destroy thii
 Union and our institutions, and that is,
 this very slave question; for I choose
 to speak of it directly. I said further,
 that the only way by which such a re
 sult could be prevented, was by prompt
 and efficient action—that if the thing
 were permitted to go on, nnd the Con
 stitution to he trampled on—that if it
 were allowed to proceed to a certain
 point, it would he beyond the power ot
 any man or any combination of men,
 to prevent the result. We are ap
 proaching that crisis, and evidence ol
 it is presented by the fact, that such a
 hill upon such an occurrence, should
 he brought in, to prevent the just indig
 nation of our people from wreaking
 their vengeance upon the atrocious per
 petrators of these crimes, or those who
 contribute to them, without a denunci
 ation of the cause that excited the in
 dignation. I cannot but trust that Idc
 not stand alone in these views.
 I have for so many years raised my
 voice upon this subject, that I have
 been considered almost the exclusive
 defender of this great institution of the
 South, upon which not only its prosperi
 ty, but its very existence depends. 1
 i had hoped younger members who have
 coine into this body, who represea
 portions of the country at least as mucl
 interested as that from which I come,
 might have taken the lead and relieved
 me from the necessity of ever agaii
 speaking upon this subject. I trus
 we will grant no leave to introduce thii
 hill—that we will reject it, and if any
 t ring be referred to the Committee oi
 the Judiciary, it will be to make pena
 enactments—to prevent these atrocitiei
 —these piratical attempts on our owi
 rivers (these wholesale captures) these
 robberies of seventy odd of our slave!
 tat a single grasp. Delay is dangerous
 ,on this question. The crisis has come,
 and we must meet it—and meet il
 directly—and I will add we have ample
 means to meet it. We can put the
 issue to the North, if they disregarc
 the provisions of the Constitution it
 our favor—-it their sea-going vessels
 cannot safely come up into our porta
 i we can prevent them from coming here
 and thus make the issue at once 1
 j the stipulations in the Constitution it
 our favour are not to he respected
 why should we respect those in others:
 1 do not intend to make a long speed
 on this occasion, but I would here fee
 myself to be lacking in my duty j 0 tht
 people of the District, to the people o
 the South, and to the people of tht
 United States, had 1 nit raised mj
 i voice against the introduction of such i
 bill on such an occasion.
 Mr. H estcott I am not going t&lt;
 make a speech on this bill, for the sim
 ple reason that 1 intend, after a fee
 observations, to move to lay this mo
 tion for leave to introduce the bill, upor
 the table, and ask for the yeas an&lt;
 nays.
 Mr. Calhoun —The bill is not yet in
 i! troduced.
 Mr. If ..toft—The Senator from Nei
 ■I H»mp*iire ulu k„e to introduce tht
 i bill, and I move to lay it upon tht
 table.
 j Mr. Calhoun Better reject it. i
 trust we will meet it directly and re
 ject it.
 Mr. Westcott- I did not understand
 the Honorable Senator from Soutl
 Carolina; but, now that I do, 1 an
 pretty willing to adopt the suggestion
 Mr. Calhoun I would greatly pre
 fer to meet the motion directly and re
 ject it.
BIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
Mr. WesUstt —l have no objection to
 that, and bad taken hat another mode
 of attaining that object. In answer to
 the suggestion of the Honorable Sena
 tor from Sooth Carolina, that it was
 the doty of other Senators representing
 the South, to speak on this matter, 1
 will state one reason only why I could
 not do so. I could not trust my own
 feelings when I heard the Senator flum
 New Hampshire introduce this bill.—
 Sir, there has been no outbreak, so
 violence in this District There has
 been no disturbance except on the part
 of a set of men wo, it seems, have come
 into the District for the purpose of as
 sailing slave owners in the peaceful en
 joymept of their property, secured to
 them by the Constitution which we have
 allswqgp to support. There baa bcea
 public indignation manifested by an
 assemblage of those who have been
 thus wronged; but has there been any
 violence as yet?—any destruction of
 property? No. 1 wonder that there
 has not been. And when the Senator
 from New Hampshire proclaims that
 there is danger of this, I call upon him
 for his testimony in relation to this mat
 ter. Where does be get evidence that
 any portion of the property of citizens
 of this District is to be burned down or
 destroyed? I was present last night,
 as a spectator, at a large assemblage of
 the citizens of this District. I heard
 law officers of this District and other
 gentlemen speak on the occasion, but 1
 heard nothing by any means so incen
 diary as I have heard since the Honor
 able Senator took his seat upon this
 floor. It is true, indignation was ex
 pressed, but leading citizens of this
 District and slaveholders declared that
 they were averse to any act bf overt
 violence. Indeed, this assemblage,—
 which has been called a tumultuous
 mob—peaceably appointed a committee
 of fifty citizens to wait on the editor,
 and request him to remove his incen
 diary publication, which had provoked
 this excitement. I have only to say,
 sir, that I readily yield to the sugges
 tion of the Honorable Senator from S.
 Carolina.
 Mr. Daris, of Mississippi —The Sen
 ator from South Carolina has remarked
 that he expected that some younger
 member of this body would notice the
 motion of the Senator from New Hamp- 1
 shire to introduce a bill, the purpose of
 which is the protection of incendiaries
 and kidnappers. I have only to say,
 that it is from no want of accordance in
 feeling with that Honorable Senator,
 but from deference to him who has so
 long and so nobly stood forward in de
 fence of the institutions of the Scnth,
 that I remain silent. It was rather
 that I wish to follow him than that I did
 not feel the indignation which he has so
 well expressed. The time has come
 when, if this District is t 6 be made the
 theatre of such contests, Congress
 should interpose the legislation neces
 sary for the punishment of those men
 who come within our jurisdiction, act
 ing in fact and in morals as incendia
 ries—coming here to steal a portion of
 that property which is recognized as
 such by the Constitution of the United
 States. Why is it that in this body,
 looked to as the Conservative branch of
 the Government—once looked to as so
 dignified that it stood above the power
 of faction—that wc find the subject of
 this contest so iusulting to the South
 so insulting always when it is agitated
 and introduced on such an occasion
 Is this debatable ground? No! It is
 ground upon which the people of this
 Union may shed their blood, and that is
 the first result, if it be pressed any
 farther; and if this Senate is to be made
 the theatre of that contest, let it come
 —the sooner the better. We who re
 present the Southern States are not
 here to be insulted on account of an in
 stitution which we inherit. And if civil 1
 discord is to be thrown from this Cham-:
 her upon the land, let it germinate here,
 and I am ready for one to meet it with
 any incendiary who, dead to every
 feeling of patriotism, attempts here to
 produce it.
 Mr. Foote Ou the 4th of March,
 1636, the American people of all par
 ties assembled at the Capital for the
 purpose of witnessing the inauguration
 of the President of the United States.
 The President was a Northern man. I
 had the honor of listening to his inau
 gural speech, and in it he wisely and
 patriotically asserted a principle of
 which I approved at the time, which I
 still admire, and which has a close af
 i Unity to the question so suddenly pre
 sented to this body. Martin Van Bu
 ren dared to declare in his inaugural
 speech, that though it was his opinion
 aqd it certainly is not mine that
 Congress has the power to' abolish sla
 i very in the District of Columbia, yet
 he conceived that it could not be done
 without the most odious and uupardon
 able breach of faith towards the slave
 States of the Confederacy, especially
 Maryland and Virginia. This declara
 tion, not altogether unexpected, gave
 1 temporary quiet and satisfaction to tke
 South. I had thought until recently that
 there were very few men in the republic
 claiming anything like a prominent
 standing among their fellow-citizens,
 who entertained a different opinion
 jfrom that thus expressed, or who, if
 entertaining it, would uxdertake to ex
 arena it in the national councils of thin
 Republic. But the abolition movement
 has not been quite so successful a* some
 desire it to be, and now we see plain in
 dications that individuals (for I cannot
 conscientiously call them gentlemen,)
 i asserting themselves to he champions
 of freedom, have resolved to carry into
 execution n scheme an attempt to re
 move, by ear meins whatever, all tke
 slaves now within this District, an that
 those who have been in the habit of re
 taining rinvna in their possession, will
 be disc waged from bringing others
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1848.
here; and that dtmenn who may hero
 after settle hers, will, of noaim, an the
 principle of obvious pecuniary policy,
 deckee bringing sack property with
 them; and that then, in this covert sad
 insidious manner, the abolition of sla
 very in the District of Columbia may
 be accomplished.
 The attempt to legislate directly upon
 this subject in the national councils, is
 at war with the Constitution, repugnant
 to all principles of good faith, and in
 violation of all sentiments of patriotism.
 With whomsoever k originates, this
 movement, made directly or indirectly,
 within Congress or out of it, which has
 been so quietly denounced by my col
 league, is simply a nefarious alteiujt to
 commit grand larceny upon the owners
 of slaves in this district. I undertake
 to any, that (here is not n non who bos
 given hi countenance to this transac
 tion in any shape, who is not capable of
 committing grand larceny; or, if he
 happened to he a hero, as such men
 are not, of perpetrating highway rob
 bery on any of the roads of this Union.
 He is not n gentleman. He would not
 be countenanced by any respectable
 person anywhere. He is amenable to
 the law. I go farther, and I dare say
 my sentiments will meet the approbation
 of many who do not live in slave States,
 and I maintain that when ihe arm of the
 law is too short to reach a criminal, he
 may justly be punished by a sovereignty
 not known to law. Such proceedings
 have taken place, and there are cir
 cumstances which not only instigate,
 but justify such acts. I am informed,
 upon evidence on which I rely, that this
 very movement, out of which the bill
 originates, has been instigated and
 sanctioned by persons in high station.
 It is even rumored, and it is believed
 by many—l am sorry for the honor of
 this body to say so—that a Senator of
 the United States is concerned in tbe
 movement. Certain it is, that a mem
 ber of another body, not far distant
 meeting in a certain Hall, was yester
 day morning engaged in certain repre
 hensible contrivances, and but for his
 abject flight from tbe place of bis infa
 mous intrigues, he would have been
 justly punished, not by the mob, but by
 high-spirited citizens, convened for the
 purpose of vindicating their rights so
 unjustly assailed.
 Why is it that this question is con
 tinually agitated in the Senate of the
 United States—that it is kept here as
 the subject of our perpetual discussion?
 Is it simply that gentlemen wish to be
 popular at home? I suppose so. Is it
 because of their peculiar sympathies
 for that portion of the population which
 constitutes slavery as recognized in the
 South? What is the motive? Is the
 object to attain popularity? Is it to
 gain high station? Is it to keep up lo
 cal excitement in some portions of the
 North, with a view of obtaining politi
 cal elevation as the reward of such fac
 tious conduct? But I care not for the
 motives of such acts. I undertake to
 say, that in no country in which the
 principles of honesty are respected,
 would such a motive as that now at
 tempted be proposed, or even counte
 nanced for a moment. I feel bound on
 this occasion to say, that the hill pro
 posed could not have any good object.
 What docs it declare It declares that
 any attempt on the part of the people
 of this District, though the only means
 which they may have in their power, to
 protect their property, and prevent it
 from being taken from them either by
 stealth or open robbery, shall subject
 them to be mulcted in heavy pecuniary
 damages! It amounts, then, to this,
 that if hereafter any occurrence similar
 to that which has recently disgraced
 the District should happen, and the
 good people of the District should as
 semble and proceed to the vessel in
 which their property had been placed,
 and the Captain of which had become
 the agent in the nefarious transaction,
 and should then and there use the only
 means to prevent that vessel from sail
 ing, and their property being taken
 away before their eyes, they would be
 compelled to pay very heavy pecuniary
 damages. It is a bill, then, obviously
 intended to cover and protect negro
 stealing. It is a bill fox the en
 couragement and immunitity of rob
 bery. That is its true character, and
 whatever opiuion the gentleman's own
 self-sufficiency may induce him to en
 tertain of his own conduct on this occa
 sion, I only tell him now the judgment
 which every honest man will pronounce
 upon it. If tbe object of the Senator
 was as 1 have described it, and is ap
 parent on the face of the bill, he is as
 guilty as if he had committed highway
 robbery. I regret that I am obliged
 to use harsh terms, but they are true.
 Tbe Senator from South Carolina as
 serted with great truth, that the time
 had come when the South should not
 only let her voice be beard, bnt disclose
 to all her enemies that she not only
 knows her rights, but knowing, dare
 fH*ji|i*iß them —maintain them by all
 constitutional means—by all legal expe
 dients— necessary, by bloodshed.—
 The Senator from New Hampshire is
 evidently attempting to get op a sort of
 civil war in the country, and is evident
 ly filled with a «»nf of insurrection and
 incendiarism. He may bring about an
 ovent which wifl end in the spUtiag ol
 1 human Mood. I to ham, however,
 let him come forward boldly, and take
 the proper respoasibdtfy. Let kirn
 say, “Now I am ready to do battle in
 behalf of my friends, the blacks, tke
 slaves of the District of Columbia.
 Let Mm buckle oa his armor; let Mm
 mnheath Me mwi and at once com
 mence tbe contest, and I have no doubt
 he will have a feir opportunity of shed
 ding Ms btood ia this holy cause ou the
 sacred sod of the Dhtrict of Columbia.
 If be is really m eatnc*, he is bound,
 w a conscientious ana, to pursue this
cowrie, which cannot he persevered it
 without those awful scenes of bloodnbec
 and desolatioß long anticipated by good
 men m every pert of this Republic.—-
 When, I ask, was it that Soothers mi
 ever undertook to invade the quiet and
 happiness of the North? I hope I may
 be pardoned in making the suggestion.
 I do not wish to insinuate any invidkxM
 comparisons. I thsnk Hearea I hare
 an abiding confidence in the good sense,
 the virtuous patriotism, and regard fix
 the rights of property, of my Northern
 brethren; end I believe that there are
 many of them, of both parties, who are
 perfectly sound on this question, and
 who will condemn the set of this morn
 ing. The South has been forbearing.
 She has exercised more than complais
 ance— more than forbearance. But
 when, I ask, has any Southern man,
 occupying a seat in cither House ol
 Congress, attempted to interfere with
 any local interests in the North?
 AM must see that the Courts of the
 Senator from New Hampshire is calcu
 lated to embroil the confederacy to
 put in peril our free institutions to
 jeopardize that Uuion which our fore
 fathers established and which every
 pure patriot throughout the country de
 sires shall be perpetuated. Is he so
 enlightened friend of freedom, or even
 a judicious friend of those with whom
 he affects to sympathize, who adopU
 such s course? Who does not know
 that such men are practically the worst
 enemies of the slave? I do not be
 seech the gentleman to stop; hut if he
 perseveres, he will awaken indignation
 everywhere, and it cannot be that en
 lightened men, who conscientiously be
 long to the faction at the North oi
 which he is understood to be the head,
 can sanction or approve everything that
 he may do, under the influence of ex
 citement, in this body. I will close by
 saying, that if he really wishes glory,
 and to be regarded as the great libera
 tor of the blacks if he wishes to be
 particularly distinguished in the cause
 of emancipation, as it is called let
 him, instead of remaining here in the
 Senate, or instead ot secreting himself
 in some dark corner of New Hamp
 shire, where he may possibly escape
 the just indignation of good men thro’-
 out the Republic—let him visit the good
 State of Mississippi in which I have the
 honor to reside, and no doubt he will
 be received with such shouts of joy as
 have rarely marked the reception of
 any individual in this day and genera
 tion. I invite him there, and will tell
 him beforehand, in all honesty, that he
 could not go ten miles into the ioterior,
 before he would grace one of the tall
 est trees of the forest, with a rope
 around his neck, with the approbation
 of every virtuous and patriotic citizen,
 and that, if necessary, I should myself
 assist in the operation.
 Mr. Hale —l beg the indulgence ol
 the Senate for a few moments; though
 I did not exactly anticipate this dis
 cussion, yet I do not regret it. Before
 I proceed further, as the honorable
 Senator from Mississippi has said
 it has been asserted, and he thinks on
 good authority, that a Senator of the
 United States connived at this kidnap
 ping of slaves, I ask him if he refers
 to me?
 Mr. Foote —l did.
 Mr. Hale —l take occasion, then, to
 say, that the statement that I have
 given the slightest countenance to the
 procedure is entirely without the least
 foundation in truth. I had nothing to
 do with the occurrence, directly or in
 directly, and 1 demand of the honora
 ble Senator to state the ground upon
 which he lias made the allegation.
 Mr. Foote —lt has been stated to me,
 and I certainly believed it, and believ
 ing it, I denounced it. I did not make
 the charge directly. My remarks were
 hypothetical. I am glad to hear the
 Senator say that he haa had no con
 nection with the movement; but whether
 he had or not, some of his brethren in
 the great cause in which he was en
 gaged no doubt had much to do
 with it.
 Mr. Hale —The sneer of the gentle
 man does not affect me. I recognize
 every member of the human family as
 a brother. 'Once for all, I utterly deny
 that either by counsel, by silence, or by
 speech, or in any way or manner, bad
 any knowledge, cognizance, or suspi
 cion, of what was done, or might be
 done, until I beard of this occurrence
 as other Senators have beard of it. And
 1 challenge any one who entertains a
 different opinion to the proof, here,now
 and forever. I go farther than that.
 I never have counselled, advised, or
 aided in any way, and with my present
 impressions, I never shall counsel, ad
 vise, or aid in any way, any encroach
 ment upon the Constitution in any of its
 provisions or compromises. If the Con
 stitution be not broad enough for the
 protection that I claim, I will go without
 it. I trust that on this subject I have
 been sufficiently understood. I deny,
 in general and particular, not only con
 nivance, hot all knowledge of any such
 movements.
 Whilst I am op, let me call the at
 tention of the Senate to the ease of a
 man whom 1 am proud, here and else
 where, to call my friend, the editor of
 the National Era. This gentleman, in
 a card published in the National Intelli
 gencer of this day, declares:
 A rumor having been circulated
 that the office of the National Era was
 concerned, dirctlr or indirect!y, m the
 recent attempt of a cumber of slaves to
 escape on the schooner Pearl, it is doe
 to the respectable citizens of this place
 and to ayaetf; to giro a plain, M, and
 unequivocal denial to the import
 yioM no r£ht to
 which no true hearted American will be
 ungenerous enough to demand—l fry]
 it to he my duty to do all I can to re
morm a uriww nusapprebenston, ctk«*
 lated to provoke unpltutiil excite-
 The position which be lies take* is
 tkee laid doers is the first ooraber ol
 his paper, and he republishes it is his
 card:
 “Believing that the extinction of sla
 very can be effected in accordance
 with the Constitution and law, and that
 this is the better way, no unconstitu
 tional or illegal measures will find in us
 a supporter. We cannot work with
 contradictory means. Whenever con
 vinced (hat such measures as the laws
 sanction or do not prohibit, are insuffi
 cient tor the accomplishment of the
 great object we aim at,we shall frankly
 say so. The magnitude of the cause
 in which wa are engaged, justice to our
 feDow-citrzens of the South, snd sound
 policy demand tint no movement be
 made in relation to this important ques
 tion, except with the utmost openness,
 frankness, and fair-dealing.
 The declaration I then made, em
 bodied the principles upon which I had
 always uniformly acted in relation to
 slave™; and in not a single instance
 have I, or any one in my office, as far
 as ray knowlede extends, violated it. 1
 cannot, consistently with my views of
 what honesty and fair-dealing dictate,
 to say nothing of sound policy, engage
 in any way, directly or indirectly, take
 part in any movement which would in
 volve the necessity of strategy or trick
 ery of any kind.
 “My paper has been published six
 teen monts in this city. Its columns
 are open to inspection. Those who
 have taken the trouble to read it, will
 testify that I have counselled no mea
 sures repugnant to the foregoing; that
 I have abstained from invective and de
 nunciation; and addressed myrelf to the
 reason, the conscience, the patriotism,
 and sense of honor of the slaveholders,
 many of them being near relatives and
 personal friends. Not one of my nu
 merous exchanges in the South, how
 much soever opposed to my view's, has,
 |at any time imputed to me ill temper,
 or a clandestine policy.
 With this plain exposition of my
 course, it is hardly necessary for me
 jto say, that in the recent transaction:
 which has excited so much feeling,
 nsither myself nor any person connect
 ed with me, had any share whatever—
 that the transaction, in fact, became
 known to me only through the general
 report.
 I write this to disabuse the public
 mind, so that those who do not person
 ally know me, may not be imposed
 upon by any misrepresentation of my
 position. Certainly I feel a great re
 pugnance to being assailed for w'hat I
 have never done or dreamed of; but if
 legal violence be inflicted upon ine for
 writing and printing freely about Sla
 very, or any other subject which it
 may suit an American to discuss, then
 I will suffer cheerfully, in the confi
 dent hope that when passion and pre
 judice shall have been dispelled, jus
 j tice will be done to my character.
 But I will not suppose that those who
 are rejoicing in the enfranchisement of
 the Press in Paris, will put fetters up
 on the Press in Washington.”
 Mr. Calhonn. (in his seat) Does
 he make any denunciation of the rob
 bery
 Mr. Hale —he had quite enough to do
 in defending himself, and it was no part;
 of his duty to denounce others.
 Mr. Calhoun, (ia his seat) —I under-;
 stand that.
 Mr. Halt— l appeal to the sense of j
 justice of the Senate, and ask what jus-
 tification there can be for assailing the i
 character and property of a man who
 knew no more of this occurrence than
 any of its members? I appeal to the;
 honorable Senator who spoke so elo
 quently of the high and chivalric ideas
 of right which are understood in this
 section of the country—
 Mr. Foote —l ask the Senator, and I
 beg to remind him that twenty millions'
 of people are listening to his answer, in
 the circumstance of the case, evidently
 known to him, does he suppose that this
 i occurrence could have taken place
 j without extensive countenance and aid
 from men of standing in thia District,
 whether members of Congress, or!
 others?
 Mr. Hale —l have no doubt that those'
 1 persons could not have got away with-
 I out some aid. It is enough that I have
 disclaimed all knowledge of it. I
 thought that when the honorable Sena
 tor was speaking, more that twenty
 1 millions of people were listening. He
 invites me to visit the State of Missis-
 sippi, and kindly informs me that he
 would be one of those who would act
 the assassin, and put an end to my ca
 reer. He would aid w bringing roe to j
 public execution—oo, death by a mob!
 Well, in return for his hospitable urn*
 I tat ion, I can only express the desire
 j that he would penetrate into some of
 the dark corners of New Hampshire,!
 and if he do, I am much mistaken if be
 would not find that the people in that
 I benighted region would he very
 happy to listen to his arguments, and
 ;eiq;age m an intellectual conflict with
 him, in which the truth might be elicit
 «d. I think, however, that the an
 nouncement which the honorable Sena
 tor ban made on this floor of the fate
 which awaits no humble an individual
 j« ray self in the State of Mississippi,
 j most convince ever y one of the pro
 priety of the high enlegimn which he
 pronounced upon her the ether day,
 when he spoke of the high position
 which aba occupied among the States
 of this confederacy. But enough of
 this personal matter.
 1 think, if I did net misunderstand
 the honorable Senator from South Car
 •oCna, that ha as snrpriaad at the temeri
 ty of the Senator frees New Hampshire
 in introducing this hill. Let me ask,
WILLIAM C. SELL, Tsstisesa.
 JOH.N DICK, rater ta.
WHOLE N 0.—20.
What is the bill? W'hat is this iacta
 disry bill that has elicited Mkh a tor
 rent of invective? Has it been saos
 hMUcil Abohtioa
 istsf W by t it is copied, almost void
 rar word, from a law on the statute
 book, which has bees in operation for
 years, in the neighboring State of Ma
 has no allusion, directly or
 indirectly, to the subject of slavery
 Yet 1 am accused of throwing it, as a
 firebrand, and in order to make war
 I U P°® the institutions of the South!—
 How? In God’s name has it come to
 this, that the American Senate, and in
 the year of grace, one thousand eight
 hundred and forty-eight, the rights of
 property cannot be named, but the ad
 vocates of slavery are in arms, andex
 claim that a*ar is made upon their in
 stitutions, because it is attempted to
 cast the protection of the law over the
 j property of an American citizen, who
 appeals to an American Senate!
 j It has long been held by yoa ibat
 your peculiar institution i»incompatibly
 with the right of speech; but if H be
 also incompatible with the safeguard*
 of the Constitution being throw n around
 property of American citizens, let the
 country kuow it! If that is to be the
 principle of your acli« n, let it be pro
 claimed throughout the length and
 I breadth of the laud, that there is an in
 stitution so omnipotent—so almighty
 that even the sacred rights of life and
 property must bow down before it!
 Do not let it lie said that 1 have in
 troduced this subject. 1 have simply
 i asked that the plainest provisions of
 common law—the clearest dictates of
 justice—shall be extended snd exer
 i cised for the protection of the property
 of citizens of this District; and yet tbe
 I honorable Senator from South Carolina
 1 is shocked at my temerity.
 Mr. Butler —Allow me to ask cno
 question with perfect good temper.—
 i The Senate is discussing the subject
 i with some feeling; but I ask him
 whether he w’ould vote for a bill, pro
 perly drawn, inflicting punishment on
 persons inveigling slaves from the Dis
 trict of Columbia?
 Mr. Halt —Certainly not; and why?
 Because I do not believe that slavery
 should exist here.
 Mr. Calhoun, (in his scat) If*
 wishes to arm the robbers, and disarm
 the people of the District.
 Mr. Halt— The honorable Senator is
 alarmed at my temerity—
 Mr. Calhoun, (in his seat) —1 did not
 use the word, but do not think it worth
 while to correct the Senator.
 Mr. Hale —The Senator did not usa
 the term?
 Mr. Calhoun —No. I said it was
 brazen in the Senator, or something like
 that.
 Mr. Hale The meaning was lha
 same. It was strange, then, that I
 should introduce a bill for the protec
 tion of property in this District—a bi 1
 perfectly harmless, but which was rot
 rtrued into an attack upon the ftouth,
 I ask the Senator from South Carolina
 and the country wherein consists the
 temerity 1 suppose in the section of
 the country from which it con oj. He
 says we seem to think that the S&lt; nth
 has lost all feeling. Ah! There is the
 temerity. The bill comes from the
 wrong side of a certain boundary.—
 Why, did the Honorable Senator from
 South Carolina imagine that wo of the
 North, with our feces bowed down to
 the earth, and our backs to the sun,
 had received the lash so long that we
 dared not look up? Did he suppose
 we dared not ask that the protection of
 the law be thrown around property in
 the District to which we come to legis
 late?
 I desire no war upon the institution
 of slavery in the seusc in which the
 Senator understands the term. 1 will
 never be a party to any encroachment
 upon rights guarantied by the Consti
 tution and the law—not at all. I wish
 no war, but a war of reason, of per
 suasion, of argument; a war that should
 look to convincing the understanding,
 subduing the affections, and moving the
 sympathies of the heart. That is the
 only war in which 1 would engage.—
 But it is said that the time is come, that
 the crisis has come, snd that the South
 must meet it. In all candor and hon
 esty, then, let me say, that there could
 not be a better platform on which to
 meet the question, than that presented
 by the principles of this bill. There
 could not be s better occasion than this
 to appeal to the couutry. Let the
 tocsin sound. Let the word go forth.
 Let the free North be b id that her
 craven Representatives on the floor of
 the Senate, are not at liberty even to
 claim the protection of the rights ef
 property!
 j The right of speech was sacrificed
 l° n g *S O Bst now it is to be proclaim
 ed (hat we earmot even introduce a bill
 looking to the execution of the plainest
 provisions of (he Constitution, snd tho
 clearest principles of justire, f/r tho
 j protection of human rights, because
 gentlemen choose to consti uc it into
 attack upon that particular institu
 tion
 I ask agsin, what is it that has pro
 i duced this step, called up there desun*
 i clarions, excited all this uivecrite which
 has been pouted out open me as if I
 had been guilty of all the cnm«» ia the
 decalogue I call upon the f* aate and
 the country to takjh notice of it. lack.
 s on wkat dv gentlemen of the booth re*
 j ly for the protection of any in* it wtiooo
 on which they place any value? It
 will be answered, Upon the Const it o
 *tioo and the law. Well, then, if the
 i safeguards of the Conetautimi are reo
 dered inadequate to the protection of
 one species of property, how emu it be
 aeppseed that there will he protection
 1 for any? ft is because I desire to main
 rain m all their strength and shifty, the
 C.*/«** V &lt;m /hrr
