FREDERICK DOUGLASS, J
 M R. DELANY, l E ,TO
VOL I. NO. 21.
The NORTH HTAR to pabli'hcd every
 Friday, at No, 34, Ha Halo Wreel,
 &lt;&gt;pp*tfr (V Aredt.)
 TERM*.
 Two doßm per annum, Wwajw w adrwnrr. No
 •übocription will be teeeired for a Im» term chan
 w\ axxith,.
 A(l*«ii(cafatii nor rxrredinj ten line# inaerted
 three time* for one dtlar; even »ul&gt;«*-*juent inner*
 lion, twenty-five cent*.
 Th k obj'.-t of the North Star will be to atlark
 St.tTKRT in all it* forma ami aeperte; alvorate
 I'wivr.RA »t. EMANCirATioN; exalt tlir Maivtortl
 «f |’vai.ir Moramtt; promote the moral and it»-
 rellertuil iin|&gt;r&lt;*»enwiit &lt;*f the Colored People;
 and liaetrn tie- -lay of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mili.iov 1 of our E&gt;*lavki&gt; Fellow Coun-
 TRY HER.
 I*l HI ISMEirS NOTICES.
 ryy- All eonwMitiirmtKiua rclatine U» the bunnrtt
 matter* of the {taper, name* of *ubarriber*, rrmit
 tancet, i!nnM I* addre*»eJ la WILLUR C. j
 Nell, PuWi#h*r.
 (y&gt;- A»enti, and all oilier* sending names, are
 reqneitrd to Iw* accurate, and girc the /ut (ffiiet,
 the C&lt;*im/y, and file Stutr. Each Sulwcnler is wi
 ll Hviiatrlv credited for money received.
 fy&gt;* Anv je-r- m sending in tlie payment for fottr
 enbscriltcri, to be firwanied to one address, may
 bare a filth copy for one year.
 All letter* and couimunicatious must lie |&gt;o»t
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MsssAntt’SKTTA.—lt F. WaWutt, 21, Coniliill,
 Boston; Natlwn Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio\V.
 F«*t-r, LowJI; James N. Butfum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, Worcester Bonnie Spooner, I’lvinouth;
 Charles 11. S.«h, Sprin«field David Rugbies,
 iVorthampton; H. Carpenter, I ptou.
 &gt;l*in k.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Per*
 risbtirg.
 Connecticut.—Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 New II a m r hi rk. —Weare Tapjian, Bradford, j
 New VoRK. —Svditev. 11. Cay. U 2, Nassau
 Street; Jam-* McCune Smith, Jrt, \Vr*t Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbnry, &lt;i«iecn County; Marv liar-j
 f*r. \lbtnv; Elia* Ditv, Mare Jon; Willetts Kecse,
 JVru, Clinto 1 County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt. Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. 1..
 J*l..tt, Bath.
 liHonr. I At. A N O.— Amaranry Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kiui, 31; North Fifth j
 Street, PhiUdeljiliia; \V. Goincs, S, Exchange
 Place, |)i;t 11. Vaelton, B. Bown, PituUirg;
 ilhain iiipper, t oliiiiibia; l.&lt;mc Rolierts, Jaeoli j
 L. Pax m, Norristown, Montgomery County.
 Ohio.—Chri-tian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. W. j
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, liarveysburgh,
 Warren C'.innty; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michyoan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co. 1
Selections.
THE SENATE.—ApriI 20.
 PROTECTION OF PROPERTY IN THE DIS
 TRICT OF COLUMBIA.
 Continued.)
 Mr. West coll —l should like* to know
 of the Senator from New Hampshire,
 if he can say that any non-slaveholding
 state in this Union has passed a law by
 which, in case of the abduction of a
 slave by an abolition mob,the country or
 town is to be made responsible for the
 act
 Mr. Hale —l do not know, sir.
 Mr. IVcstcolt —lt is time enough,
 then, when such a law is passed to
 protect the property of slave-owners,
 to talk of a law to indemnify for the
 destruction of property of abolition in
 cendiaries.
 Mr. Foote The Senator seemed to
 suppose that I wished to decoy him to
 the State of Mississippi. I have at
 tempted no such thing. 1 have thought
 of no such tiling. J have only chal
 lenged him to present himself there, o*
 anywhere, uttering such language, anti
 breathing such an incendiary spirit a.«
 he has, manifested in this body, aud J
 have said that just punishment woulc
 be indicted upon him for his enormous
 criminality. 1 have said further, that i
 necessary, I Yvould aid in the inflictiot
 of that punishment. My opinion is
 that enlightened rnen would sanctioi
 that punishment. But, says the Sena
 tor, that would be assassination!
 think not. lam sure that the Scnatoi
 is an enemy to the Constitution of hi:
 country —an enemy to one of the insti
 tutions of his country, which is sol
 cinnly guaranteed by the organic lav
 of the land, aud in so for, he is a law
 less person. lam sure, it he would g&lt;
 to the State of Mississippi, or any othei
 slave State of this confederacy, ant
 utter such language, he would justly
 be regarded as an incendiary in hear!
 and in fact, and as such, guilty of ar
 attempt, to involve the South in blood
 shed, violence, and desolation, and il
 the arm of the law happened to be toe
 short, or the spirit of the law too slum
 berous, I have declared that the duty
 of the people whose rights were thus
 put in danger, would he, to inflict sum
 mary punishment on the offender. But,
 says the Senator, victim* have been
 made, and there arc other victims
 ready. 1 am sure that he could nol
 persuade me that he would ever be a
 victim. 1 have never deplored the
 death of such victims, and 1 never shall
 deplore it. Such officious intermeddling
 deserves its fate. I believe that nc
 good tnan, who is not a maniac, as the
 Senator from New Hampshire is appre
 hended to be, can have any sympathy
 for those who lawlessly interfere w it!
 the rights of others. He, however,
 will never he a victim! He is one oi
 those gusty disclaimers —a windy speak
 er—a
 Mr. Crittenden If the gehtlcmar
 will allow me, I rise to a question o
 order. Gentlemen have evidently be&lt;
 come excited, and 1 hear on all sidei
 language that is not becoming. I cal
 the gentleman to order for his persona
 reference to the Senator from Nev
 Hampshire.
 Mr. Foote—l only said In reply to th&lt;
 remarks of the Senator from New
 Hampsnire—
 Mr. Crittenden —I did not hear whal
 the gentleman from New Hampshire
 said, but the allusion of the gentleman
 from Mississippi, I consider to be con*
 trary to the rules of the Senate.
 Mr. Foote —l am aware ol that; bul
 such a scene has never occurred in the
 Senate such a deadly assailment oi
 the rights of the country.
THE NORTH STAR.
Mr. Johnson, of Md. —has the Chai
 decided
 j Mr. Foote —Let my words be takei
 down.
 The Presiding Officer- —In tSe opinioi
 of the Chair, the gentleman from Miss
 issippi is not in order.
 Mr. Foote —What portion of mr re
 marks is not in order?
 The Presiding Officer The gentle
 man is aw are that the question of ordei
 is not debatable.
 Mr. ff'estcott —l ask whether tht
 words objected to are not, according
 to the rule, to be reduced to writing?
 Mr. Foote —l pass it over. But the
 Senator from New Hampshire has said
 that if I would visit that State, I wouli
 be treated to an argument. Why, J
 would not argue with him? What righl
 have they of New Hampshire to argue
 upon the point? It is not a mattei
 w ith which they gtand in the least con
 nected. They have no rights of pro
 perty of this description, and I rejoice
 to he able to say, that a large propor
 tion of the intelligent and patriotic peo
 ple of New Hampshire do not concur in
 the views expressed by the Senator this
 morning. They take the ground thal
 the people of the United States, the
 Constitution and the Union, have guar
 anteed the rights of the South, con
 nected with this property, and that the
 people of New Hampshire have nc
 right at all to meddle w ith the subject.
 Why, is it not a fact, that gentlemen,
 members of this body, among them the
 distinguished Senator from Massachu
 setts, whom I regret not to see in his
 place, arc known to be more or less
 hostile to the institutions of domestic
 slavery, but have never entertained the
 doctrine that the Congress of the Uni
 ted States had any jurisdiction what
 ever over the subject? They have
 held that any attempt, directly or indi
 rectly, to effect abolition or to encour
 age abolition by Congressional legisla
 tion, is at war with the spirit and letter
 of the Constitution.
 Mr. Halt Will the Senator allow
 me to inquire if he can point out o
 single instance, in which 1 have made
 any aggression upon the rights of pro
 perty in the South.
 Mr. Foote —That is the very thing I
 am about to show. hen the Senator
 from New Hampshire undertakes to
 assert that those Northern men who do
 not concur with him are “cravens,” he
 uses language of false and scurrillous im
 port. It is not the fact that his lan
 guage will be re-echoed in any respect
 able neighborhood in New England.
 His sentiments will find no response or
 approvals® any enlightened vicinage in
 New r HhqPgnd, and therefore he has no
 right to say that those who are piithful
 to the principles of the Constitution and
 foil to re-echo.the fierce, fanatical, and
 factious declarations of the Senator are
 “cravens” in heart, and deficient in any
 of the noble sentiments which charac
 terize high-spirited republicans.
 Mr. Hale—l did not use such lan
 guage.
 Mr. Foote —Did the Senator not use
 the word “craven:”
 Mr. Hale —lf the Senator will allow
 me, I will inform him that when the
 Senator from South Carolina remarked
 that he supposed it was thought that the
 South had lost all feeling, I replied by
 asking if it was supposed that the North
 had no sensibility—that we had bowed
 our faces to the earth, with our bucks
 to the sail, and submitted to the lash so
 long that we dare not look up?
 Mr. Foote —The declarations of the
 Senator from New Hampshire just
 amount to this, that if he ruet me on the
 highway and addressed me gravely or
 humorously—for he is quite a humorous
 personage—should say, I design to take
 that horse which is now in your pos
 session, aud then announce that he
 wishes to enter iuto an argument with
 me as to whether I should prefer that
 the animal should be stolen from the
 stable or taken from me on the road.
 How could 1 meet such a proposi
 tion by, I should say to him, either
 you are a maniac, or if sane, you are a
 knave. And yet this very case is now
 before us. 1 he Senator from New
 Hampshire introduced a bill obviously
 intended to rob the people of the Dis
 trict of their sluves. I will read and
 show that such is the import of the bill.
 I do not know anything about the paper
 to which reference has been made. It
 has been sent to me, as to other Sena
 tors during the winter, hut 1 always re
 frain from opening it. The editor of it
 may be an intelligent man. I have
 heard that he is. He is certainly an
 abolitionist. It may be that lie has not
 in his paper openly avowed, as the
 Senator from New Hampshire seems
 very plainly to indicate that lie has
 approved of the late attempt to gteal
 the slaves from the District. But the
 publication of such a paper has tended
 to encourage such movements.
 Mr. Hale —hen did 1 avow that I
 approved of this movement?
 Mr. Foote —l will show it f ro m this
 hill. I challenge the Senator to pro
 duce any such statute from the statute
 book of any State of this Union.
 Mr Halt— l have said that the bill
 is in substance identical with one of
 the statutes of the State of .Maryland.
 1 have that statute-book before me and
 will hand it to the Senator.
 Mr. Johnson, of Maryland Allow
 me to see it.
 Mr. Foote—H ow are we to under
 stand the Senator? He will not ac
 knowledge that his object is to encour
 age such conduct, and he shuns the re
 sponsibility. When we charge upon
 him that he himself has breathed in the
 course of his harangue this morning
 the same spirit which has characterised
 this act, he says most mildly and quiet
 ly, “By no means; I have only at
 tempted to introduce a bill correspond
 ing substantially with the law on the
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
statute-book* of most of the States of
 Ous confederacy” And the Senator
 supposes that all of us are perfectly de
 mented, or do not know the nature of
 the case, the circumstances, or the
 motives which have actuated the Sena
 tor. Will he undertake to assert, that
 he woul&lt;b ever have thought of such a
 bill if these slaves had not been ab
 ducted from the District, in opposition
 to the consent of their owners, by the
 parties engaged in this marauding ex
 pedition? He cannot deny it; and,
 therefore, I am authorized to come
 to the conclusion that he introduced the
 bill for the purpose of covering and
 protecting the act, and encourage simi
 lar acts in the future. What is the
 phraseology of the bill (The honor
 able Senator here read the bill.) Who
 doubts now that the object of the Sena
 tor from New Hampshire was to secure
 the captains of vessels and others en
 gaged in any attempts by violence to
 capture and steal the slaves of this Dis
 trict? No man can doubt it. Then, I
 ask, have I used language too harsh,
 and is it not a fact that the Senator is
 endeavoring to evade a responsibility
 which he is not willing to acknowl
 edge?
 Mr. Hale —Will the Senator give
 way for a moment. I will read an ex
 tract from the law of Maryland to which
 I referred. Will the Senator be good|
 enough to look at my bill while 1
 read?
 An Ad Relating to Riots.
 Sec 1. Be it enacted by the Gen-j
 eral Assembly of Maryland, That from I
 the passage of this act, if any oounty,
 or incorporated town, or city of this
 State, any church, chapel or convent,
 any dwelling-house, any house used or
 designed by any person, or any body
 politic, or corporate, as a place for the
 transaction of business,or deposit of pro- j
 perty,any ship, shipyard or lumberyard,
 stable, or other out-house, or
 any articles of personal property, shall
 be injured or destroyed, or if any pro
 perty therein or thereon shall be taken
 away, injured, or destroyed, by any ri
 otous or tumultuous assemblage of peo
 ple, the full amount of the damage shall
 be recoverable by the sufferer or suf
 ferers, by suit at law against the county,
 tow n, or city within w hose jurisdiction
 such riot or tumult occurred. [Provided
 however, that no such liability shall be
 incurred by such county, incorporated
 town, or city, unless the authorities
 thereofshall have had good reason to be
 lieve that such riot or tumultuous assem
 blage was about to take place,or having
 taken place, should have had notice of
 same, in time to prevent said injury or
 destruction, either by their own police,
 or ‘with the aid of the citizens of such
 county, town or city; it being the in
 tention of this act, that no such liability
 shall be devolved on such county, town,
 or city, unless the authorities thereof
 having notice, have also the ability of
 themselves, or w ith their own citizens,
 to prevent said injury: Provided, fur
 ther, that in no case shall indemnity be
 received where it shall be satisfactorily
 proved that the civil authorities there
 of have used all reasonable diligence,
 and all the powers entrusted to them for
 the prevention or suppression of gucli
 riotous or unlawful assemblies.
 Sec. 2. And be it enacted, That in
 any suit instituted under this act, the
 plaintiff or plaintiffs may declare gen
 erally, and give the special matter in
 evidence.
 The honorable Senator will surely
 now do me the justice to say, that the
 bill was not dratted with referenc to any
 particular case, such as that to which
 he refers. I had not the remotest re
 ference to the protection of individuals
 concerned in transactions of that char
 acter; but if 1 should undertake to say
 that 1 had no reference to demonstra
 tions growing out of this transaction, I
 should be saying what was false, for it
 was these demonstrations which in
 duced me to introduce the bill.
 Mr, Foote ln one breath, the Sena
 tor makes two directly contradictory
 assertions. He says he did not draw
 the bill in reference to the bill, and in
 the same breath declares that he did!
 He dis(4aiins in one moment that which
 he avows in the next! lam sorry that
 I have occupied the attention of the
 Senate so long. I have felt deeply on
 this subject. We have witnessed this
 morning the first attempt on this floor
 to violate the constitutional rights of
 the South, and I hope it will be the last.
 1 trust that the indignation of the coun
 try will be so aroused, that even in the
 quarter of the couutry from which hei
 comes, the Senator from New Hamp
 shire, although his sensibilities are not
 very approachable, will be made to feel
 ashamed of his conduct.
 Mr. Mangum —lt is now about four
 teen years, I believe, since the Senate
 very wisely, by the concurrence of the
 most distinguished men on both sides,
 came to the resolution to exclude dis
 cussion upon the inflaming topic &lt;&gt;f sla
 very; and that when abolition petitions
 were presented, upon the question of
 reception, a motion should be enter
 tained, which motioQ is not debatable, j
 and the vote taken upon it, to lay the
 motion for reception upon the table.—'
 Thera has been, ever since this rule
 wgs established, a steady and uniform
 adherence to it, but I am sorry to per-’
 ceive that there is latterly a disposition
 manifesting itself to depart fmmthe sa
 lutary rule of action which the Senate
 thus wisely prescribed fur itself. Upon
 this question of slavery we know there
 are different opinion* entertained in
 different quarters of the Union. I stand
 here representing one portion of that
 Union, but I could not, if I would, bring
 myself to a state of excitement and
 alarm in consequence of any menaces
 that may be thrown out 1 stand upon
 the Constitutional compromises; and
 while would not invade the rights of
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1818.
others, I am very sore that the bowk!
 portion of the community will not in&gt;
 vade our rights. Why should we
 pursue this discussion Is it believed
 that we are to he reasoned out of our
 rights? Are we te be reasoned out of
 oor convictions? No, sir. Then why
 discuss the subj ct? Why not stand
 upon our rights; upon our Constitu
 tional compromises? Why not stand
 thus perfectly passionless, but prepared
 to defend them when they shall be as
 sailed? But are they to be assailed?—
 Sir, nothing has occurred during this
 session that has afforded me more satis
 faction than to bear from some of the
 ablest and most distinguished men in
 this Union, the declaration, that, while
 they are opposed to the extension of the
 area of slavery, they are not disposed
 to trample upon the compromises of the
 Constitution. This is our strength. It
 is to be found in the patriotism of those
 who love the institutions of our country
 better than party. I believe the great
 body of the people are prepared to
 stand upon the compromises of the
 Constitution. It is upon this ground
 that I stand content and passionless,
 and if I know myself I shall continue
 to do so. Sir, no good can result from
 this discussion. 1 shall vote against
 the reception of the bill at this time.—
 And why? Because I think that the
 occasion which is selected for its intro
 duction is a very unhappy one. It
 seems to grow out of the occurrence of
 an unwarrantable trespass, recently
 committed upon the rights of the citi
 zens of this District, without being di
 rected to the prevention of such aggres
 sions in future, but on the contrary,
 having for its object the suppression of
 the inanifestatioas of the feelings of
 indignation which such acts naturally!
 create. We, who are the only legisla-,
 tors for the District of Columbia, are'
 not informed of their wants and wishes
 in regard to legislation upon this sub
 ject. If the people of this District re
 quire any other laws than they already
 have for the purpose of protecting their
 property against unlawful violence, let
 them indicate to us their wishes; and I:
 shall be ready to lend a willing ear to;
 their request, and to aid in passing such
 a law as in my judgment may be ne
 cessary for their protection. If, on the
 other hand, the citizens of this District
 should require other and more penal
 laws for the purpose of protecting their
 slave property, I shall be as ready to
 vote for a bill for that purpose. But I
 shall never vote for the one nor the
 other, when I find them pressed for
 ward by gentlemen of extreme opinions
 —gentlemen from remote poitions of!
 the Union, having few feelings in com
 mon with the citizens of the District.
 Sir, upon these subjects I am accus-i
 torned to look to the silent operation
 of the law for the protection of ail our j
 rights. In the State from which I came!
 there is no excitement in regard to
 these subjects. If I know anything ofi
 the character of that loyal, steady, 1
 fixed, and moderate State, there is no!
 State in the Union which will hold to
 her principles ami her rights with more
 firmness than that State. But we ap
 peal to the silent operation of the law;
 we know nothing of mob-law, or of
 Lynch-law; we know nothing of ex
 cesses of this description. Although
 I have lived to be an old man, most of
 the time in North Carolina, I have
 never seen anything in that State ap
 proximating even to a spirit of popular
 tumult.
 Mr. Foote Will the Hon. Senator
 allow me to ask him whether, in case of
 a conspiracy to excite insurrection
 among the slaves, it would not in his
 opinion justify mob proceedings?
 Mr. Mangum —Ob! my dear sir, in
 former years we had a compendious
 mode of disposing of such cases. We
 have now a mode equally certain,
 though not so compendious. Upon a
 matter of that nature we take a strong
 ground. But I am not driven hastily
 into legislation that is proposed by gen
 tlemen who entertain extreme opinions
 on either side.

 Mr. Douglass —l have listened to this
 debate w ith a good deal of interest.—
 But w hile I have seen considerable ex- j
 citcment exhibited on the part of a few’
 gentlemen around me, I confess that I
 have not been able to work myself into
 anything like a passion. I think that
 probably the Senator from New Hamp
 shire has done much to accomplish his
 object. His bill is a very harmless
 thing in itself: but being brought for
 ward at this time, and under the pres
 ent circumstances, it has created a good
 deal of excitement among gentlemen on
 this side of the chamber.
 Mr. Calhoun, (in his seat} —Not the
 bill—the occurrence.
 Mr. Douglass —On this occurrence 1
 desire to say a word. In the first place,
 I must congratulate the Senator from
 New Hampshire on the great triumph
 he has achieved. He stands very pro
 minently before the American people;
 and is, I believe, the only man who has
 a national nomination (or the Presi
 dency. I firmly believe that on this
 floor to-day, by tbc aid of the Senator
 from South Carolina, and the Senators
 from Mississippi, he has more than
 doubled his vote al th* Presidential,
 election, and every man in this Cham
 ber from a free State knows it. I
 looked on wit&lt;i amazement for a tune,
 te see whether there could be an un
 derstanding between the Senator from
 New Hampshire and his Southern;
 friends, calculated to give him encour-'
 agement, strength, and power, in the
 contest. Bat I know that those dis
 tinguished Senators from the South, to j
 whom I have referred, are incapable of
 such an undertaking; yet I tell them
 if they bad gone into a caucus with the
 Senator from New Hampshire, and af- j
 ter a night’s study and deliberation, had
devised the best means to manufacture
 abolitionism and abolition votes in the
 North, the/ would have fallen upon pre
 cisely the same kind of procedure they
 have adopted to-day. A few such ex
 citing scenes sufficed to send that Sen
 ator here. I mean no disrespect to him
 personally, but I say with his senti
 ments, with his principles, he could
 never have represented a free State of
 this Union on this floor, but for the aid
 of Southern speeches. It is the
 speeches of Southern men, represent
 ing slave States, going to an extreme;
 breathing a fanaticism as wild and
 as reckless as that of the Senator from
 New Hampshire, which creates aboli
 tionism in the North. The extremes
 meet. It is no other than Southern
 Senators acting in concert, and yet
 without design, that produces abolition.
 Mr. Calhoun —Does the gentleman
 pretend to say that myself and South
 ern gentlemen who act with me upon
 this occasion are fanatics? Have we
 done anything more than'defend our
 rights, encroached upon at the North?
 Am 1 to understand the Senator that
 wc make abolition votes by defending
 our rights? If so, I thank him for the
 information, and do not care how many
 such votes we make.
 Mr. Douglass —Well, I will say to
 the Senator from South Carolina and
 every other Senator from the South,
 that far be it from me to entertain the
 thought that they design to create abo
 litionists in the North or elsewhere. Far
 be it from me to impute any such de
 sign! Yet I assert that such is the only
 inevitable effect of their conduct.
 Mr. Calhoun, (in his seat) —We are
 only defending ourselves.
 Mr. Douglass —No, they arc not
 defending themselves! They suffer
 themselves to become excited upon this
 question—to discuss it with a degree of
 heat, and give it an importance which'
 makes it heard and felt throughout the I
 Union. It is thus that abolition de
 rives its vitality. My friend from Miss-J
 is.sippi, (Mr. Foote,) in his zeal and
 excitement this morning,made a remark
 in the invitation he extended to the;
 Senator from New Hampshire to visit.
 Mississippi,w hich is worth ten thousand
 votes to the Senator, and I am confident
 the Senator would not allow my friend
 to retract that remark for ten thousand
 votes.
 Mg. Foote —Will you allow me
 Mr. f)ouglass —Certainly.
 Mr. Moote If the effect of 'that
 remark will be to give to that Senator 1
 all the abolition votes, he is fairly enti
 tled to them. Had the Senator from
 Illinois lived where I have resided—
 had seen insurrection exhibiting its
 fiery front in the midst of the mcn,j
 women and children of the community
 —had he reason to believe that the
 machinery of insurrection was at such
 time in readiness for purposes of the
 most deadly character, involving life,
 and that dearer than life to every
 Southern man—had he witnessed suclij
 scenes, and believed that movements
 like that of this morning were calcu
 lated to engender feelings out of
 which are to arise fire, blood, and des-;
 elation, the destruction finally of the
 South, he would regard himself as a
 traitor to the best sentiments of the hu
 man heart, if he did not speak out the
 language of manly denunciation. I can;
 use no other language. I cannot butj
 repeat my conviction that any man who
 dares to utter such sentiments as those
 of the Senator from New' Hampshire,
 and attempts to act them out anywhere j
 in the sunny South, will meet death
 upon the scaffold, and deserve it!
 Mr. Douglass I must again con
 gratulate the Senator from New Hamp
 shire on the accession of five thousand
 votes! Sir, Ido not blame the Senator
 from Mississippi for being indignant at
 any man, from any portion of the Un-t
 ion, who would produce an incendiary
 excitement, who would kindle the flame j
 of civil war, who would incite a negro
 insurrection, hazarding the life of any
 man in the Southern States. The Sen
 ator has, I am aware, reason to feel
 deeply on this subject. But lam not al
 together unacquainted with the peculiar
 circumstances of the sections of the
 country to which he has alluded. 1
 have lived a good portion of my life
 upon the immediate borders of a slave
 State. I have seen the operation of
 such excitements as those of which he
 speaks, upon both sides of the line. I
 can well appreciate the excited feel
 ing with which gentlemen in the South
 must regard any agitating movement to
 get up insurrections among their negro
 servants.
 Mr. Doris, of Mississippi —l do not
 wish to be considered as participating
 in the feeling to which the Senator al
 ludes. I have no fear of insurrection,
 no more than I have of my cattle. I
 do not dread such incendiaries. Our
 slaves are happy and contented. They
 sustain the happiest relation that labor
 can sustain to capital. Ii is a paternal
 institution. They are rendered mis
 erable only by the unwarrantable inter
 ference of those who know nothing
 about that with which they meddle. 1
 rest this case in no fear of insurrection;
 and I wish it to be distinctly understood
 that we are able to take care of our
 selves, and to punish ail iaceudiaries.
 It was the insult offered the institutions
 which we have inherited that provoked
 my indignation.
 Mr. Fools —Will the honorable Sen
 ator allow me to (fiake a remark
 Mr. Douglass —With a great deal of
 pleasure.
 Mr. Fools —lf it be understood that
 I expressed may fear of insurrection
 which might grow out of this movement
 it is a mistake. X said that such an au
 dacious movement as this could not be
 tamely submitted to without encouraging
 ita authors to proceed; and in that I
think all who have spoken on this side
 1 of the Chamber conear.
 Mr. Dmti», of Mississippi l did net
 intend to imply that my colleague hac
 taken any such course as that which 1
 disclaimed.
 Mr Dong last-A\] that I intended to sa\
 was, that the effect of this excitement,
 of all these harsh expressions, wil
 be the creation of abolitionists at the
 North.
 Mr. Foots —The more the better.
 Mr. Douglass —The gentleman mn&gt;
 think so; but some of us at the Nortb
 do not concur with him in that opinion
 Ofcourse the Senator from New Hamp
 shire will agree with me, because he
 can fan the dame of excitement so as tc
 advance his political prospects. And I
 can also well understand how some geit
 i tiemen at the South may quite compla
 cently regard all this excitement,if they
 can persuade their constituents to be
 lieve that the institution of slavery rests
 upon thei^shoulders; that they are the
 men who meet the Goliath of the North
 in this great contest nbout abolition. It
 gives them strength at home, but we
 of the North, who have no sympathy
 with abolitionists, desire no such ex
 citements.
 Mr. Calhoun —l must really object
 to the remarks of the Senator. Wc
 are merely defending our rights. Sup
 pose that we defend them in strong
 language; have we not a right to do so:
 Surely the Senator cannot mean to im
 pute to us the motives of low ambition.
 He cannot realize our position. Foi
 myself, and I presume I may speak for
 those who act with me, we place this
 question upon high and exalted grounds,
 Long as he may have lived in the
 neighborhood of slaveholding States, he
 cannot have realized anything on the
 subject. I must object entirely to his
 course, and say that it is at least as of
 fensive as that of the Senator from New
 Hampshire.
 Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts —l wish,
 before the vote is taken, to say a word
 or two for the purpose of placing my
 self right with regard to this matter. 1
 am not very apt to be carried away by
 any of the excitements that sometimes
 have existence in this Chamber, and 1
 cannot say at this moment that 1 parti
 cipate at all in the excitement which
 seems to exist in the minds of manv
 gentlemen here. What is the question
 that is presented for this body to decide?
 A stranger coining info this Chamber
 would suppose that had some meas
 ure under consideration which con
 cerned the deepest interests of slavery
 that we were about to pass judgment
 upon some question affecting that great
 interest; that we were about to legis
 late upon the subject in some way that
 would affect it in a manner injurious to
 the rights of those who own property ot
 this description. Now, I think whoever
 has listened to the reading of this bill,
 must he satisfied that there is no such
 thing contained in it. If I understand
 it, it proposes nothing which has any
 special reference, under any construc
 tion that can be given to it, to that par
 ticular description of property. We
 have laws which make municipal cor
 porations liable for damages done to
 property by popular tumults, where
 such corporation is remiss in its duty in
 enforcing order and obedience to the
 law. If I understand the proposition ol
 the honorable Senator from N. Hamp
 shire, he intends nothing more than to
 give security to property. He pro
 poses nothing beyond this. This is the
 whole matter under consideration. Hut
 gentlemen say this is an unpropiti&lt; us
 moment to introduce a question of this
 sort; and why unpropitious? Because,
 if I understand them rightly—and I
 learn the fact lor the first time—a mob
 has assailed the office of a newspaper
 in this city, and has rendered it unin
 habitable. Well, how does this con
 nect itself with the subject of slavery?
 Why, it is said that from this office u
 newspaper issues which is called an
 aboliton paper. Suppose all this to he
 true, it is added by the Senator from
 New Hampshire that the paper is con
 ducted in a temperate maimer, that it
 employs temperate language, address
 es itself to the reason and understand
 ing of the public; and that no complaint
 has been made against it by the public.
 Well, how far this inobocratic spirit is
 to be attributed to another event which
 has happened in this District, is not for
 me to say. Some gentlemen seem to
 suppose that it has some connection
 with it. If it has, lam unable to see
 it. The Senator from New Hampshire,
 then, introduces a measure, and pro
 poses to make the corporation liable for
 the damages committed, in case they
 ref usd to do their duty, and enforce the
 law. Well, such a law exists in many
 of the Slates. But it is said that this is
 a very peculiar state of things. Here
 was an abolition press at work in this
 building. Let me ask gentlemen
 w bet her they propose to stop the opera
 tions of the press; whether, in other
 words, they propose to take away fr« cu
 it its freedom? It seems to me that we
 might learn a lesson, if we WO4M, from
 what is going on cm the other side of
 the Atlantic. The agitation of this
 question alone the freedom of the
 press has overthrown many of the
 thrones of Europe.
 Do yon not propose by measures of
 violence, or by any other uwde, to put
 an end to the discussion of the suject,
 either by speeches or through the me
 dium of the press? Whoever under
 takes a work of this description, has
 got an herculewo task upon his bands—
 a task which he will find himself wholly
 incompetent to accomplish. Well,why
 is it that the Senate flies in the face of
 this mease re, and objects to its recap*
 tion? And 1 pet it to the calm consid
 eration of the Senator from South Car
 olina, and those who think with him,
 whether the iafrrtac* I hut mads will
WILLIAM C. SELL. rmiilil.
 JOHN Dlt K, rM.m*
WHOLE NO-21
nollt. m»it ihrt ugh&lt; at tlwcouMry;
 t n »ht lh»*r ii will not t considered
 evcrjwbett au assault upon the liberty
 ot the press, and of rpoeth whether
 rt will not Lc irrcsitible, and whether if
 jII not im,kc a lasting impression upon
 i tL üb,, J flank the petpla
 .will reason in this way upon the fub
 ,iect and that they will hold cut os,
 as the duty ot this body, lo taka lit*
 subject into consideration. fcei.d it to
 a committee, let it be examined, and
 not presumed, as the honorable Senator
 from South Carolina does, that because
 its provisions do not cover the whole
 subject, it cannot be made to cover the
 whole. It it d« es not auswer the views
 fhe gentleman, it can be made to do
 so. Then why fly iu its face! Why
 take this very unusal course of re
 fusing to receive the measure at all?—.
 simply because, by construction
 and infeience, it is supposed to have
 some connection with the question of
 slavery. Now, is this wise; is it pru
 dent? Does it best accomplish the
 object which gentlen.cn have in new,
 w hich is to protect this kind of propeity i
 I have ever been one of that class of
 persons who have at all times con side r
 ;ed themselves bound by the terms of
 the Constitution on this subject, and
 have stood ready to support the guar
 antces contained in that instrumont.
 But, nt the same time, I must confess
 that I thought the honorable Senator
 from Illinois, in the remarks which he
 j made here, uttered a great deal of
 wholesome truth. 1 thought he admin
 istered some wise, and prudent, aud
 salutary udmouitious iu those re
 marks, worthy of tbe consideration of
 all parties here; and I hope they will
 have their effect. I hope a little reflec
 tion, a little consideration, will iuduco
 gentlemen to change the course thev
 have adopted on this subject, and to
 permit this measure to take the usual
 course of legislation. Suppose we do
 come to a discussion on the question,
 where, let me ask gentlemen, is the
 harm of discussion? Why, gentlemen
 ask, What right have you to discuss
 our rights of property in slaves? By
 what authority do you claim the privi
 lege of inquiring into this u utter? Sir,
 we may have no right to disturb thin
 light of property; we may have no
 right to uli'cct the title to it iu any way;
 no such rights may be claimed. Nev
 ertheless, no one will deny to any citi
 zen the right to discuss the character of
 property ot this kind, and the efleet laws
 have upon such property. Who deifies
 this right, and where is it denied?. It
 belongs to freed* in of discussion, to tba
 freedom of speculation which exists in
 every free, untrammelled mind. Men
 may advance very absurd notions;they
 may reason very preposterously they
 may reach very absurd conclusions,but
 while the whole matter lit s in discus
 sion, very little, in my judgment, iu
 gained by teitiling that discussion in
 cendiary in its character. Wby do
 you expect to satisfy tiie public mind
 when mankind discusses the question of
 slavery, however important it may bo
 to any portion of this country, and ex
 press their opinions in rcgoid to it. Lo
 you expect to put them under foot by
 saying it is incendiary? If any gentle
 man butter himscit with hopes aud ex
 pectations of this description, he is
 doomed to be disappointed. This dis
 cussion will go on, aud the way to meet
 error, is by confronting it with truth.—
 Let the discussion go on; let it |&gt;e frre
 everywhere. My own opinion is, that
 all considerate minds here and very
 whore are entirely deposed to adlitjo
 o the guarantees and compromises of
 he Constitution, and instead of being
 weakened by discussion, they ate at
 sven step strengthened; they at every
 step become firmer and stronger bonds
 jf union. Let no one try, ii they can,
 So suppress discussion. Lvcry attempt
 to stop it will result, as in Kuiopc, in
 one general sentiment, which will
 trample under foot the power that at
 tempts to suppress it. This w ill be tbs
 I’flect of such attempts. 1 invite then,
 my friends, to meet this question boldly,
 and not let this subject go to the public
 in the form which it now pics* uts it
 self— as a bill presented here—relating
 to nothing hut the protect!* n of piopcrty
 against the violence ot a mob, and de
 nied admission to this hall and (hat fa
 de, because supposed to have some in
 direct connection with the question of
 slavery. J-ct us take, sir, a more
 manly view of the subject—one that
 accoids better with the thaiacter of
 lugh-mirdod men. Let it lake its
 course here. Let it go to a committee;
 let that committee examine it, ana if it
 docs not, from afty cause, meet jour
 Approbation when it conies to be con
 sidered, then let other measures take
 its place let it take its late. But
 nothing, sir. is to he gained by this onu*
 ■ual course. 1 assure tbe gentlcmcu
 who represent tbe slave interest, that
 instead of gaining, they Lsc much,
 rery much.
 Why, Mr. President, cannot every
 gentleman see, and sec plainly, that
 when the bill comes to be published,
 when the terms in which it is conceived
 come to be read and undcisto* 6. it will
 be seen that it is a measure diJhrmg in
 no essential material point lr«» Jaws
 existing ui many of the free Stales aid
 free countries everywhere and as a
 Senator near me says iu some ot the
 slave States—funking corporations un
 der certain circumstances liable ft r the
 v iokoce of mobs? And w hoever take#
 the ground that th s bill has been
 brought inatm uopropitious mom* nt,
 and Ibc th* l reason denies it admission,
 as antes s responsibility that he will
 rncttmly *uk by and by to get rid of.
 liTtaf here we to do with the present
 ■ofwmeut, sir—with tbe particular and
 peculiar circumstances which surround
 be question? In u»y judgment, nothing
 rf4 f*z*
