P 0 c t r 3.
Foe the North Star.
 THE MIRDERED SLAVE.
 A riROVT.
 At midnight, in hin wretched W,
 IV ilan U\ dmiMiiiif of the
 When frmn'n shout I no I mger *h®*
 Fiwn him the light of frwHow'* r»y:
 In dream*. he leaped, be wafced, hr ran,
 Hr frit huo»«'f to he
 U &lt;jrean» hi* of freedom hear
 Then burst the tyrant’* hateful chain,
 Th.it strove to bind him, hot in ttin,
 For free strain on Afric’s plain.
 New tile his bosom stirred.
 The hours p«»»l thr slave awoke,
 That bright dr-am it ten war o’er,
 He w.*he t.» hear the h n*n nwnnl,
 The call to toil—’twa* Utc he knurl;
 He w.»kr to feel the scourge’* stroke,
 A* with worn Uinr and sfnrit* broke,
 lie went to toil oner more;
 And as the ilrirer o’er him stood.
 Fast down hi* hark tin- negro’s blood
 Descended on the rami;
 Slave! falter once m ire, if you dare,—-
 1 hmk not tlul 1 tlie Usli w ill spare;
 No? that II not, In Heaven I swear!
 You all now itodersjand.”
 Three hundred ladies Ik* received—
 The blood poured down like rain,
 And then—how can it be lielicvcdt
 To toil he’* forced agaiu.
 His wife and comrades saw him Call,
 And though the hearts hied of them all,
 They dared assist him none:
 They saw him close his ryes in death,
 Yet iiec led not his parting hreath:
 Tlicir lask*—tlr-v must lie done!
 Come to the bridal rliamber, Death'
 Come to tlie motlier, when she feels.
 For the first lints, her first-horn’s Itrcath;
 Come, when the blessed seals
 That close the pestilenee, are broke,
 And crowded cities wail its stroke—
 Cone in consumption’* ghastly form,
 Tlie eartlirpiake’s sliock, the ocean’s storm;
 Come when tlie heart heats high and warm,
 With barn]net song, and dance, and wine,
 AtiJ thou art terrible—the tear,
 Tlte groan, the knell, the (rail, tlie bier.
 And ail tve know, or dream, or fear,
 Of agony, arc thine!”
 Hut to the negro, when he knows
 To hope for freedom is in vain,
 1 hou’rt welcome as his night’s rejiose;
 For he believes his spirit goes
 Adost tlte Atlantic main,
 To dwell forever in the gravt^
 Where he in ancient time,
 Froe from tlie white man’s power did rove,
 To Afric’s happy clime!
 Oh, freemen! shall vile slavery,
 Your country’s burning shame,
 Still find a h onie and name
 With boasted liberty!
 s. s. w.
 Baltic Creek, Mich. Mar. 18If*.
 On tlie Hrh of July, 1846, Mart E. MtußAt
 (then in Iter 16tii year,) saw for the first time tin
 Narrative of tlie Life of Frederick Douglass,’
 which she read with intense interest. Having fin
 islu d its perusal, site sketched with a pencil tlie fol
 lowing lines:
 Go, Frederick! speed thy onward course,
 1 hough trials oft lieect thy wav,
 W hat though the bloodhound tracks tlicc close,
 A hand’s on high will lie thy stay.
 Go, publish o’oFbroad England’s plain,
 Tlie lioastcd ficedoin of our lau I,
 How ’tis upheld by slavery’s chain,
 And thousands |K.rish by its hand.
 Our country! shame is on thy brow,
 ’I by childhood's blood thy hands doth stain,
 The Stars and Stripes float o’er thee now,
 But io remind thee of thy shatne.
 God speed thee brother, now and ever.
 Ami guide thee safe through all thy toil,
 Faint not! thy lalsns Urn the fetter,
 And serve to Jess the tyrant’s spoil.
 Thou’st drank the bitter, bitter cup,
 I‘rcpared for thee by slavery’s hands,
 But still thy noble soul looked lip,
 And soared unfettered—free—a man.
 *ET TIIE CAPTIVE FREE!
 MY R. C. WATERSTOK,
 The spirit of die Pilgrims
 Is spreading t o’or the earth,
 And millions now point to tlie kind,
 Where Freedom had her birth—
 Hark! hear ye not the earnest cry
 1 hat peals o’er every wave!
 God abuic,
 In thy love,
 O liberate the slave!”
 Ye heard of trampled Poland,
 And of her sons in chains,
 And nohl-thought* flashed through your mind*,
 And fire glowed through your veins!
 Then wherefore bean ye not the cry,
 That breaks o!er laud'and sea
 On each plain,
 Rend each chain,.
 And setthe captive free.”
 O, think ye that our Fathers,
 That noble patriot band,
 Could now look down, with kindling joy,
 And smile upon the land!
 woul 1 a trum|&gt;el tone go forth,
 And ring from sii shore,
 All who stand
 In this land
 Khali be free forevermore!”
 Great God, inspire thy children,
 Ai: make tity creatures just,
 That every galling cliain may full.
 And crumble in tlie dust!
 That n-A one soul throughout tlie land
 Our Fathers dieJ to save.
 May again,
 By fellow-men.
 Be bra d*d as a slave!
 THE THREE VOICES.
 What taith the past to thee! Weep!
 Truth is departed;
 Beauty hath died like the dream of a -l-rp,
 Lave is famt-heaiU'd;
 Trifles of sense, the profoundly unreal,
 Scarce from our spoil’s G-si’s holy ideal—
 So, as a funeral bell, slowly and ilrep,
 So loll* the Past to thee! Weep!
 How speaks the Preseut h*&lt;ur' Act!
 aIK, upward glancing;
 Qo shall thy fooU,l&lt; in glory he track**!,
 Slow, but advancing.
 Bern not the amallne s of ilaily endeavor;
 Let the graat meaning ennoble it ever;
 Dtoop not o’er effort* eapended ia Tain;
 Woik, as believing that labor ia gain,.
 Wl.at doth die Future say! Hope! 1
 Turn thy fare sunward!
 Look w litre tiie light fringes (la far rising slope*.
 Day eoraeth onward.
 W atdi! Piiough ao long lie tw flight decay ing,
 Let (he first sunbeam arise «n i!k« praying;
 Fear not, for greater is (j.«d by thy side,
 Issi amite* of against thee allied.
(ConUnttrtd from frst fagt.)
 at all. I do not undertake to say what
 tiic motive* were of the Senator from
 New Hampshire, in introtilcing tiu*
 bill: it doea not become me to inquire
 into them. It iii enough for mO to know
 that if the printing office of the Union,
 or National Intelligencer, wete assailed
 and injured bpr a mob, that it would be
 my duty to inquire bow it happened,
 and whether further provisions were
 required in addition to the present laws
 of the District, in order to suppress
 such disturbances. The care and de
 liberation, 1 should feel myself bound,
 under such circumslrnces, to exercise
 w ith regard to the property of others, I
 should exercise in this case. The
 same measure of justice I should mete
 out in other eases, i would mete out in
 this. The protection which I would
 j feel it my duty to give to the pro
 porty of others, under all circum
 stances, I would give in this. And il
 it turns out that this care is unworthily
 to-stowed, that it docs not demand le
 gislation, then let it take its destiny.
 Hut this is not the'way to deal with it.
 It docs not. in my judgment, have the
 sanction of deliberation. I have al
 ways been of the opinion that nothing
 has been gained by the opposition tu
 tbc introduction of petitions here. 1
 believe if the subject had been left
 open, and we*had been allowed to go
 into the consideration of the subject,
 gentlemen would have found less ex
 citement existing, than has been cre
 ated hy the opposite course. It would
 have tended much more strongly, in
 imy judgment, to tranquilize and har
 monize the pnbtic mind. Under all
 the circumstances, then, how are we
 to act? I think the question is a very
 plain one. Things are brought in and
 made to bear strongly on the minds ol
 gentlemen, which do not belong to this
 t question at all. I shall vote for the
 reception of the hill, in order that it
 may take the usual course of legisla
 tion.
 Mr. Crittenden —What is the motion
 pending?
 f The Presiding Officer —The Senator
 from Pennsylvania made a motion to
 i adjourn, but gave way to the Senator
 from South Carolina.
 Mr. Crittenden —l intend to renew'
 that motion. I think, after the excite
 ment we have all witnessed to-day, we
 will be better prepared to decide with
 the deliberation which usually marks
 the proceedings of this body at a future
 session. I move that we now' adjourn.
 Mr. Benton —Will the gentleman
 withdraw the motion for a moment?
 Ordered, That the bill be printed for
 the use of the Senate.
 Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, then gave
 notice, that should the Senator from
 New Hampshire, have leave to intro
 duce his bill, he would move the fol
 lowing resolution:
 Resolved, That the Committee to
 whom was referred the “Bill relating
 to riots and unlawful assemblies in the
 District of Columbia,” be, and they
 are hereby instructed to amend the
 said bill, by inserting a section in the
 same for the effectual protection, by
 penal provisions or otherwise, of the
 citizens of the District, and other
 citizens of the United States, in the
 undisturbed possession and ownership
 of their property in slaves in such
 District.
 On motion, the Senate then ad
 journed.
 From tlx- London Morning Advertiser.
 AMERICAN SLAVERY.
 We have observed of late, w ith feel
 ings of deep regret, a variety of indica
 tions, not to be mistaken, that we are
 about to witness, in different parts ol
 the world, a revival of that iniquitous
 and revolting traffic iu human beings,
 which we had hoped had been, so far as
 this country is concerned, abolished
 for ever. On the appearance of Lord
 Grey’s letter some time ago, respecting
 the importation of Africans into the
 West Indies, as one of the means for
 relieving” the planters from their
 present difficulties, we unsparingly ex
 posed the real character of the mea
 sure, and proved, with conclusiveness
 of demonstration, that, by whatever
 name it might be called, it would be
 but slavery after all. If the rose by any
 other name would smell as sweet, the
 draught of slavery, under whatever
 name it is administered, will taste as
 bitter. We saw with sorrow*, the
 silence which our liberal cotemporarics
 preserved in reference to that import
 ant communication from the Colonial
 Office, which virtually sanctioned a re
 vival of the slave trade. We much fear
 that the indifference to the great object
 of slavery which this fact betrays, so
 far as the press is concerned, is equally
 shared by a large proportion of the pul&gt;-
 lic. Would that we could stop even
 here. But we cannot. Truth com
 pells us to add that the feeling of indif
 ference on the question of slavery, of
 which wc complain, has infected a very
 large proportion even of the religious
 public. On wliat other ground can we
 account for the silence which every
 where prevails with respect to the still
 unredressed wrongs of the colored race
 in various parts of the world? Judg
 ing from the absence of all allusion to
 the subject of slavery in our public jour
 nals, at our religious meetings, in our
 Christian pulpits, and in private society,
 one would be led to suppose that there
 was no longer such a being as a slave
 on the face of the earth.
 This is not such a state of things as
 ought to exist. It is an unnatural, an
 unfeeling, and an un-Christian state of
 things, when wc all know that slavery
 is as rampant on the other side of the
 Atlantic as it ever was. In some re
 spects, indeed, it is even more rampant.
 And what is the most painful and most
 fearful fact of alt, is the sanction given
 to slavery, not only by the American
 lay members of Christian Churches,
 but even by the ministers of the Gospel.
 A minister of the Gospel an abettor of
 slavery! The idea is so dreadful, that
 did not the ghastly fact stare us in the
 face, we would not credit its existence.
 The world contains no instance of an
 anomaly half so great, it is an enormous
 inconsistency—the very culmination of
 incompatibility.
 We almost shudder while we write
 it, but we must not shrink from the ex
 pression of our deep-rooted conviction,
 that, but for the aid afforded to Ameri
 can slavery by its ministers of the Goo
pci, the accursed institution” wmU
 long since hare ceased to exist. They
 have been its great supporters—lb*
 main pillars on which tbe hideous edi
 fiee rests. The/ are not mere nepathn
 upholders of the system: they do not
 simply remain passive spectators of its
 existence and operation, but are roost
 active and energetic abettors. Many
 l of their number denounce the abolitioo
 ists, and their conduct, arith vehemence
 and heartiness with which they have
 i aever denounced Satan and his doings,
 i They are incomparably more earnest
 snd eloquent in the advocacy of the
 [“Social Institution,”as they call »t
 t wlmt a name!—than they are in enforc
 ing the great truths which constitute the
 glory ot' the Gospel, and which make
 men wise unto salvation.
 Nor can we except any of the evan
 gelical sects from this most terrible con
 -1 demnation. Episcopalians, Baptists,
 Independents, Presbyterians, Wesley
 an Methodists, are all equally gui Uy ol
 friendship for slavery and hostility tc
 the unhappy slave. Not lang ago, a
 Baptist minister in the State ot irginia
 actually snatched up his gun, and shot a
 poor slave who was trying to make his
 escape! Was this minister of the Gos
 pel—(awful thought, that such a man
 should appear in so sacred a character!)
 disowned and shunned by his ministeri
 al brethren of his own or any other
 !Christian denomination? Nothing ol
 the kind. So far from it, he was, we
 doubt net, regarded by many of their
 number as a hero of the first magnitude.
 A recent and striking illustration ol
 the relentless hostility of the American
 clergy to the emancipation of the slaves,
 has just been brought under our notice.
 It appears in a communication from
 New Tork, which is published in the
 Manchester Times.** “On the 30th
 of September,” says the communication
 referred to, a colored man being at
 Ripley, Ohio, undertook to get posses
 sion of his wife, who was held as a
 slave by a Presbyterian minister in
 Kentucky. This holy man of God
 missing his human property on the Sab
 bath morning, and being prevented, by
 pulpit engagements, from going in pur
 suit employed a neighbor on
 this Sabbath service. While he gave
 himself to the ministry of the word and
 prayer, the agent, acting under the di
 rection and authority of the minister,
 undertook to wrest the man’s wife from
 him by force of arms, and, in the ex
 change of pistol shots, was wounded, I
 believe, mortally; thus failing in the
 object of his mission, and falling a mar
 tyr to the cause of slavery, in the ser
 vice of the Church.”
 \V r e make no comment on the facts
 here recorded. They need none; they
 speak much more forcibly in their una
 dorned simplicity than would any lan
 guage which we could employ.
 We have another equally recent ex
 ample of the active and earnest support
 which slavery, with all its revolting
 enormities, receives in the United
 States, from persons calling themselves
 ministers of the Gospel, and whom wc,
 for courtesy’s sake, must, wc suppose,
 call by the same name. A Mr. Ar
 nold,” says the communication from
 which we have already quoted, “was
 lately expelled from Columbia College,
 Washington City, for the crime of giv
 ing a small sum of money to a man who
 was held a slave by the steward of the
 College, in order to enable him to sue
 lor bis freedom. Mr. Arnold applied
 to the faculty of the Baptist College, at
 Watterville, Maine, forwarding a full
 account of the whole affair, together
 with a letter from President Brown,
 stating that the affair of the slave was
 the only offence charged, and for which
 he was expelled. To his surprise, he
 received a letter from President Shel
 don, intimating that the faculty of Wat
 terville considered themselves bound to
 refuse his application.”
 Who, that reads this statement can
 refrain from crying “Shame, shame!”
 Such facts as these are so monstrous—
 so utterly astoundi g, that were they
 not attested in such a manner as to
 compel our belief, they could not be
 credited. And yet ministers of the
 Gospel in England can carry on a friend
 ly correspondence with these clerical
 ministers in the United States—ay, and
 can, too, receive the ‘D. D.’s’ and
 other honorary degrees of their colleges
 with abject expressions of gratitude!—
 Have those of our English Doctors of
 Divinity, who have received their de
 gree from the Southern States of Ame
 rica, never fancied that they saw in the
 liquid with which the communication
 was written, the blood of the slaves, in
 stead of the ink usually employed in
 writiug? If our English ministers of]
 the Gospel had the spirit of men, to say
 nothing of devoted Christian feeling, j
 they would regard these blood-stained
 American degrees as an insult, instead 1
 of an honor, and would throw them 1
 back with scorn and indignation in the
 faces of those who sent them thither.
 MICROSCOPIC WOKUORS.
 Upon examining the edge of a very!
 sharp lancet with a inicroscype, it will
 appear as broad as the back of a knife;I
 rough, uneven, full of notches and fur-1
 rows. An exceedingly small needle
 resomhles a rough bar of iron.
 But the sting of a bee seen through
 the same instauinent, exhibits every
 where the most beautiful polish, with-;
 out the least daw, blemish, or inequali-j
 ty and it ends in a point too fine to be;
 discerned. The threads of a fine lawn i
 seem coarser than the yarn with which
 ropes are made for anchors. But a
 silkworm's web appears perfectly
 smooth and shining and everywhere j
 equal. The smallest dot that can be
 made with a pen, appears irregular
 and uneven bat tbe little specks on the
 wings or bodies of insects, are found to
 be most accurately circular. The;
 finest miniature painting appears before j
 the microscope ragged and uneven,
 entirely void of beauty, either in the
 drawing or coloring. The most even
 and beautiful varnishes will be found to
 be mere roughnes. But the nearer 1
 we examine the works of God, even in
 the least productions, the more sensible!
 shall we be of his wisdom and power. I
 In the numberless species of insects,
 what proportion, exactness, uniformity
 and aymetry do we perceive in all the
 organs! what profusion of coloring!
 Azure, green, and vermilion, gold,
 silver, pearls, rabies and diamonds,
 fringe and embroider their bodies,!
 wings and every part
t umm iMFWffry m
 f VEILED.
 It u wf tbing to be tie pwtwt
 Mjr Hoe—and vita infamy baa bad ite
 be root. That Alexander Dumas—we
 i beg bis pnnkm, Aknadrc Davy, Mar
 quis de la Pailkterie—is the greatest
 literary impostor of oar day, there wall
 be m doubt remaining, if half the
 1 statements be true which this extraor
 dinary publication discloses. To the
 many titles to notoriety wbicb the dash
 -1 ing novelist possesses it adds another.
 Covered as bis breast is with orders
 and ribbons—so that at the head of
 i bis corps of. National Guard he blazed
 like some marshal of the empire—it
 affixes one distinction more—the Cross
 of the Legion of Impudence. Alexan
 der tbe Great will live in literary
 •j annals—not by his works, but by their
 1 history. If his volumes be not found
 -1 weighing down the shelves of another
 *j generation, his name will be met with
 1 in bibliographical catalogues. I g bored
 as a poet, a dramatist, a novelist, a
 traveller,an historian,he will be rcmem
 mbered as tbe roost daring, amusing,
 i and successful of literary charlatans,
 j So rapidly is this prediction in course o(
 fulfilment, that it is even now half ac
 comptished. Already mauy of Ms
 works are swept away into the rubbish
 1 corners of literature—Hind his place in
 bibliography has been given. M.
 Querard has commenced the process ol
 literary embalming. As M. Dumas 1
 reputation commenced with his dramas,
 let us begin our examination of its title
 with these. There is a long list ol
 them—something like forty-tive—and
 mostly of five acts each. Had the
 written nothing else, they would have
 argued tolerable fecundity.. Now, ac
 cording to M. Querard, out of these
 forty-tive dramas only four are the
 production of M. Dumas. This is not
 offered as a mere assortion —but as a
 fact proved beyond dispute by M.
 Querard’s researches. The names of
 all the other collaborcAturt are given in
 full —real names, together with peeu
 donymes. These forty-five plays all
 (with or two exceptions) announced as
 the production of Duinas alone, and
 printed among his works—are traced
 by M. Querard to other owners and
 part-owners, in spite of play bills and
 title pages. The four dramas which
 M.Dumas has written unassisted by any
 other living writer are “Henri III.”
 “Christine,” “Charles VI1.” and
 “Don Juan de Marana.” The spirit
 of collaboration, however, is of the
 essence of his genius— and accordingly
 he has associated himself w ith the dead.
 There is something in his appropriation
 which is quite regal. He takes scenes,
 characters, and incidents wherever he
 finds them and whenever they suit him,
 and in the style of an imperial con
 queror annexes” them to his own
 literary domains. This he does with
 little attempt at disguise. Accused of
 it by astonished critics, he very cava
 lierly replies Eyery one is a
 plagiarist. As to complete creation,
 I pronounce it impossible.” M. Du
 mas and his Friends have energetically
 denied that he has had any other liter
 ary assistance than that of M. Auguste
 Maquet. These two men, therefore,
 are the only avow r ed authors of the
 incredible number of dramas, novels,
 histories, and travels which bear the
 name of Alexander Dumas. What
 says M. Querard? Including some
 few r authors, such as Schiller, Thierry,
 Chateaubriand, and Scott—from whom
 Dumas has plundered so largely that
 they must be counted in the number—
 M. Querard makes out a list of serenly
 four colhiborateura! All their names
 are given, and the particulars of their
 assistance specified- The firm of
 Alexandre Dumas and Co. consists of
 seventy-five members! The miracle
 of fecundity which keeps horses sad
 dled at the gate and relays on the
 road turns out to be no miracle at all,
 but a discreditable scheme of literary
 speculation. A popular name has been
 used as a guarantee under which
 miserable trash has been sold end paid
 for at enormous prices. The case, to
 take it in its simplest and least import
 ant aspect, is a commercial fraud.
 Goods have been sold under false
 pretences.— Alhenaum.
THE HAMMER.
 The hammer is the universal emblem
 of Mechanics. With it are alike forged
 the sword of contentions, and the
 ploughshare of peaceful agriculture, the
 press of the free, and the shackle of the
 slave. The eloquence of the forum
 1 has moved the armies of Greece and
 Rome to a thousand battle fields, but
 the eloquence of the hammer has corer
 ed those fields with victory or defeat.
 The inspiration of song has kindled up
 high hopes and ooble aspirations in the
 bosoms of brave knights and gentle
 dames, but the inspiration of the ham
 mer has strown the field with tattered
 helm and shield, decided not only the
 fate of chivalric combat, but the fate of
 thrones, crowns and kingdoms. The
 forging of thunderbolts was ascribed by
 the Greeks as the highest act of Jove’s
 omnipotence, and their mythology
 beautifully ascribes to one of their gods
 the task of presiding at the labors of
 the forge. In ancient warfare, the
 hammer was a powerful weapon, inde
 pendent of the blade which it formed.
 Many a stout scull was broken through
 the cap and helm by a blow of Vulcan’s
 weapon. The armies of the Crescent
 would have subdued Europe to the
 sway of Mahomet, but on the plains of
 France their progress was arrested,
 and the brave and simple warrior who
 saved Christendom from the sway of the
 Mussel man was named Martel—’the
 hammer’—how simple, how appropri
 ate, how grand,-— the hammer!’ The
 hammer, the savior and bulwark of
 Christendom. The hammer is the
 wealth of nations. By it are forged
 the ponderous engine and the tiny nee
 dle. It is an instrument of the savage
 and the civilized. Its merry clink
 points out the abode of industry—it is
 a domestic ditty presiding over the
 grandeur of the moat wealthy and
 ambitious, as well as the humble and
 impoverished. Nut a stick is shaped,
 not a bouse is raised, a ship floats, or
 carriage rolls, a wheel spins, an engine
 moves, a press speaks, a viol tings, a
 spade delves or a flag waves, without
 famine r. Without the hammer
 civilization would be unknown, lad the
brail species only at defence!*-*
 brutes, but in skillful bands directed by
 wisdom, it is an histrameat of power, ©1
 greatness and true glory.'— Scientific i-
 A BUHD SCCLPTOK.
 A remarkable genius, as connected
 with the history of art, is bring at the
 preset time in Enrope—in the Tyrol,
 at n poor cottage in Innsprnck, being
 a stone blind artist who produces busts
 and heads of extraordinary merit. Thu
 wonderful geniua is now an old man,
 seventy years old, who at the early age
 of five years lost his eyesight. His
 j peculiar power of touch enabled bin
 to feel images for carving with inimit
 able dexterity, and he was able to pro
 duce in wood admirable representa
 tions, and to tell also whether any
 figure shown him, possessed the requi
 site qualities and proportions of a work
 of art. He lost both his parents to
 childhood, and found himself a poor
 solitary peasant, to grope in darkness
 through the world. But this did not
 discourage him; he had to strive for a
 living, and he manfully commenced the
 strife. His first efforts were as diffi
 cult and painful, as they wore abortive;
 often did a false stroke of the chisel,
 l or a too vigorous one, destroy the
 work of many long and laborious days.
 Any one but himself would have been
 discouraged by hia repeated failures
 into abandoning his stiange design.
 But after innumerable efforts, mere or
 less successful, Kleinhaus attained that
 extraordinary firmness and precision of
 hand, which enabled him to work out,
 step by step, and bit by hit, the entire
 details of the figure on which he was
 employed, even to the contour of the
 ffmhs, and the traits of the counten
 ance. Nay, incredible as it may seem,
 he actually arrived at the power of
 first impressing upon his mind by the
 touch, and then transferring them to
 wood, the traits of individual counten
 ances, so as to produce portraits that
 are striking likenesses!
 Klei.nha.vs is the name of this pen
 severing but poor artist, who has during
 his long career executed no less than
 three hundred and fifty figures oCthe
 Saviour, of various sizes, and a hun
 dred heads of Madonnas and saints.
 In the Museum of Innspruck, there
 is a bust of the Emperor Ferdinand*
 cut iu wood by the hand of Kleinhaus,
 from a marble bust of a German sculp
 tor, and which is said to be as good a
 likeness as the original bust modelled
 from the life. There is also in his own
 cottage a bust of one of his relations,
 which is still more extraordinary, since
 it was produced from merely passing
 his hands over the living face of the
 individual represented, and the likeness
 of which is said to be perfect.
 Notwithstanding the industry and
 genius of this veteran and unfortunate
 artist, he is still obliged to carve figures
 for a subsistence, although he is appre
 ciated in his neighborhood, and much
 visited by strangers. But this is some
 times the way of the world, and unos
 tentatious merit, during the life-time of
 its possessor, meets with but slight
 reward. Probably after death, a mon
 ument will be erected to the blind
 sculptor of the Tyrol,'* and this 6y the
 very persons who, whilst he lives, seem
 scarcely to think whether he starves
 or is pampered.
THE RE-CAPTURED FUGITIVES.
 Washington, April 28.
 I have learned something more ol
 the history of some of these- poor
 slaves who started from this city, in the
 keeping of Slatter, the slave-dealer,
 among the number, sisters whc
 were members of the African Metho
 dist church. They are beautifully
 formed, handsome, and nearly as white
 as their master. Their brother is the
 coachman of Secretary Walker, arH
 when he learned the horrid fact that
 Slatter had purchased them, and was
 designing to take them South, he made
 efforts to purchase them himself. He
 had laid aside from his hard earnings,
 money nearly sufficient to purchase his
 own liberty, and this, with what bene
 volent persons gave him, he offered
 for his sisters, and offered also to se
 cure the balance, but his efforts were
 vain. The inhuman monster, on ac
 count of their rare beauty, set a heavy
 price upon them, and demanded cash
 down. A young Southern libertine,
 before they started, offered $1,00(1
 for one of them; but Slatter demanded
 more. He was aware that men 'of this
 class would pay almost any price for
 them, and hence his spurning the offers
 and pledges of the brother. I have
 conversed with this brother, and I must
 acknowledge that I hardly ever met
 with a young man of better natural
 talents. His countenance is prepos
 sessing, his manners are extremety
 easy, -his language is correct and
 chaste, and his high forehead, keen
 eyes, and the peculiar expressions of
 his countenance, all betoken a high
 order of intellect. In a person of this
 character, possessed of warm feelings
 and keen sensibilities, what must be
 his anguish in reflecting upon the fate
 of these sisters, who were as dear to
 him as the apple of his eye. You can
 imagine in some small degree what his
 feelings may be, but you cannot know
 fully about their reality. This the
 mild slavery of the city of Washing
 ton, such as is upheld by the sanction
 of Congress, in sight of the American
 Capitol, and within a full knowledge of
 the Representatives of a free people;
 yet a large majority of those members j
 permit party considerations to triumph
 over the most heartrending appeals to
 their humanity, philanthropy, and the
 common rights of freemen. While we
 condemn the atrocities of slavery in
 Algiers, we permit the most abhorrent
 forms off slavery in of r own midst, that
 an Algerine would shrink from with
 horror. John Wesley never uttered a
 greater truth, than when he declared
 that tlarery was the tmm of all vil
 la met.'' It is not murder, adultery,
 fornication, theft, merely but the word
 slavery expresses the sum of all these
 evils. Tbts slavery, church members
 upon the ioor of Congress will defend,
 and even threaten, aa did the Presby
 terian Venable last week, a dissolution
 of the Union, if Northern people inter
 fered much more with it. The Char
 leston Mercury, too, in a late number,
 makes the same threat, and contends
i that Messrs. Hale, Gildings and Pal*
 frey, shoald he summarily punished
 We are save If verging to a curioui
 crisis in ear national affairs. The
 storm may blow over, hat 1 pray Hea
 ven that it may sweep with it, as will
 a besom of destruction, every remnani
 of slavery that now curses the nation,
 in a moral, political, and religions point
 of view.— Cor. Bottom Wiy.

 Fna da drwrtjff.
 LETTER FROM GERIUT SMITH.
 Peterboro, May I, 1818.
 Elixir Wright —My Dear Sir:—
 I have been waiting, very impatiently,
 for a right movement in behalf of die
 three men who are imprisoned at
 Washington, for helping their poor
 brothers and sisters to escape from
 slavery. I this day see, by the Chro
 notype, that there is such a movement
 in Boston; and that there is a Com
 mittee appointed, ef which you are a
 member, whose duty it is to collect
 money and retain counsel for the
 defence of said persons, and for bring
 ing before the Supreme Court of the
 United States, the question of the If
 -1 gality of slavery in the District of
 Columbia.*’
 You will need a large fund—not less,
 1 should suppose, than ten thousand
 dollars. As my contribution to it, 1
 herewith send you a draft far $5OO.
 1 will pay more, should more be need
 ed from me.
 My heart bleeds day and night for
 the seventy-seven who are replunged
 into slavery, after having escaped from
 its horrors. Oh, that is “the second
 death!” As for their three friends, I
 have very little fear that they will be
 convicted. American slavery could
 not long survive their conviction and
 punishment. To say that slavery is
 constitutional in any part of the nation,
 is quite absurd enough. But, to say,
 that it is constitutional in the District
 of Columbia, or any where else, where
 the jurisdiction of the Federal Gov
 ernment is exclusive, is the very height
 of absurdity. If constitutional in such
 circumstances, it must he because
 Congress can make slaves. But, as
 Richard Davis well said on the door ot
 Congress,—“ Congress can no more
 make a slave than make a king.”
 To return, for a moment, to the
 three imprisoned men. How it swells
 my soul with indignation to sec their
 merciful and Christian conduct stig
 matized—and that too, in anti-slavery
 high places! Precious to my whole
 heart is the man,* who braving the
 reproach and peril of such an under
 taking in this land of mighty and over
 awing oppressors, helps bis poor bro
 ther or poor sister to escape from the
 Southern prison-house. Let othen
 say, that he is meanly employed. 1
 will still say, that no man on earth is
 more honorably employed.
 With great regard, your friend,
 GERRITT SMITH.
 The Colossus of the Revo-lu
 tjo.’V.—The revolution was with Dan
 ton an instinct, and not a religion. He
 served as the Wind serves the tempest,
 by elevating the foam and sporting with
 its waves. He only understood its
 movement, not its direction. He had
 its intoxication rather than its love.—
 He represented the masses, and net the
 superiorities of the epoch.' He display
 ed the agitation, force, farocity, gener
 osity, all in turns, of these masses. A
 man of temperament rather than of
 thought, more elemental than intelli
 gent, hc.was still a statesman, beyond
 any of those who tried to handle and
 manage men and things in those times
 of Utopianism. He was even a great
 er statesman than Mirabeau, if by that
 appellation we mean the man who un
 derstands the mechanism of govern
 ment independently of its ideal,- he had
 political instinct. He had drawn from
 Machiavclli those maxims which teach
 all that power or tyranny may effect in
 states. He knew the vices and weak
 nesses of the people, but not their vir
 tues He understood nothing of what
 forms the holiness of governments, for
 he did not see God in men, but merely
 chance. He was one of the admirers
 of ancient fortune, who adored in her
 the deity of success only. He felt his
 value as a statesman, with the greater
 complacency as democracy was further
 beneath him. He admired himself as a
 giant among the dwarfs of the people.
 He displayed his superiority as a par
 venu of genius, and was astonished at
 himself. He crushed others, proclaim
 ing himself to be the head of the repub
 lic. After having carressed popularity,
 he braved it as a wild beast which he
 dared to devour him. His vice was as
 bold as his brow. He had pushed po
 litical mistrust even to crime in the tol
 erated days of September. He had
 defied remorse, but it overcame him.
 He was beset by him. Blood followed
 his footsteps. A secret horror mingled
 with the admiration he inspired. He
 felt this, and sought to separate himself
 from his past. Uncultivated in his na
 ture, he had impulses of humanity as
 he had of fury. He had low vices, but
 generous passions—in a word he had a
 heart. This heart in his latter days re
 turned to God through sensibility, pity,
 and love. He deserved at the same
 time curses and pity. He was the Co
 lossus of the revolution—the head of
 gold, bosom of flesh, loins of brass, feet
 »f clay. He prostrated, the apex of
 the convention appeared lowered. He
 had been its ckwcU, lightning, thunder.
 In losing him the mountain lost its
 summit. fatmariim Hitiory of the
 Girondist*.
 Liberty or Tux Press Give me
 Ut the liberty of the pro*, and I will
 [»ive to the minister a venal house of
 jteen, will give him a corrupt sod
 lervile bouse of commons, I will give
 him a full swing of patronage of bis of
 fice, I will give him all the power that
 plaoe can confer upon Lira, to purchase
 up submission and overawe resistance;
 and yet, armed with the liberty of the
 peeee, I will go forth to meet him undis
 mayed; I will attack with that mightier
 engine, the mighty fabric he has raised,
 I shall shake down from its height cor
 ruption, and bury it beneath the ruin of
 the abuses it was meant to shelter
 Mend* a.
 If you want to keep out of bad compa
 ny, shun those who neglect to paythe
 printer for two years subscription.
UNIVERSE COOKING SToVRs'
 TIIE Stdwcnber* are ntanufx thi, i MlwlUi
 Cor .kin* Store, designed for t &lt;j*J IJf w
 warranted to excel any other stove ever
 and crntrorfarl strictly upon philo** T b,r a l
 The Oven heated by hot air, (the onK Mir
 •tree patented,) anil warranted to hnke m „,ij
 arty brick oven. For rale oidy by the nnder* in Ji*
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exchange Street. 5^,
 If. B&lt; »H k CO.
 !OWEN MORRIsHcTt"f BINDfR&gt;
 vnvtn THI HC»K«M—date n»ur a ao«*,\
 MR. MORIUS war in the employ of Mr. M arrv
 Morse ft* seven year*, and diTuig «ku t l(0#
 procured ft* him three Silver Medal*. f',,r the ff
 C imen* of Book Binding, exhibited at 1 1,«- y| e _
 ic»’ Fair* held in this city and Buffalo.
 (reirtlcmeiT* Libraries fitter) ap and repaired
 Marie Paper ruled; Mn*ic ami Periodical* boand
 and finish*-*! to any pattern. Blank Am ant
 exrrtilrd at thi* establishment hare giv« n ampialVd
 satisfaction, by their dural ility ami elegance. Strict
 attention i* ala at* paid to the (juairtv of paper u*e.i,
 to render thrm eoual to tl»e br*t in tiie Inited Stata*
 or those imported.
 ladir*’ Scr.jp ami (irnnl Rook*. .llh-Mi and
 PorUhlio*. in ull their varh-ti*-*, mannfiirtnrrd to
 onler in the bent sty le.
 Bank*. Inst .tnfion*, Societies, lie., may ba
 assured of work wring done on the most aovanUgcou*
 term*.
 (Jrutlemrn residing at a distance. by parking xrnf
 forwarding volume* to the »l ore direct m ns, stating
 price ami style. mat reh tpon tl.cir leing widl lom&gt;d
 ini tlie iiiitft hi rot able term*, also cvrvlutly and
 punctually return*': I.
 M.B. The proprietor ba* spared no exper.*e
 lifting «i|&gt; the ertiiblif bment, an I intnalucing into
 Western New Vick tlic latest improvements us
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BosiO.y tilll.inTsl.lll.VTS.
CLAR K S O N,
 LOftRONJEDITION—WITH roRTR.t IT.
 AFF.W (tnmtt* of CLARKSON "Sw HfsTWR?
 OF THE ABOl.ttlON OF Till. SUNK
 TRADE,, with prefatory remark* on the ml sequent
 abolition of Slav an a beautiful L r.doii edition,
 with a tine Portrait of tlir Author, di m- mi steel,—a
 book whieii eo«W not he imported for than three
 j dollar*, can hr had at 21, CWnLill, if applied hr
 iminediatrlv,at ;Im- van low price ofOsr l)oi.i m,
 rash. Al*o, Eli,OfillM ON CLARKSON, by
 Aliiaidlh Cncw.wtLL, at the reduced prwe wt
 twelve and a half cent*.
 KOBER F MORRIS, Jti., Attorney ami Coun
 sellor at Law ~Eraser’# Luiidii g, State Street.
 JOSEPH 11. TI'RPIN" wodd invite the attention
 of hi* friend* ami the pehlir to hi* DACsLKK
 RIA.N (iAI.I.EKN Ac. RJM, //eaotrr Strtrt wheie
 hr pledges himself to exi cute Miniature* with a life
 like tinidi, and on a* model ate tern.* a* anv other*
 i the profession.
 Macon r. ai.le.n, a« ..met and (Vaifirellor
 at Law, Massachusetts i&gt;b rk.
 BOVS’ C LOTH I NG.
 CAMI LI. NN ILSON 14, Brattle Sir* rt, having
 O made i err it addition* to his *toek, i* prepared tie
 turiii*h BON S’ LOTI UNO, of a* ;iad materia)
 ami lit, and at a* cheap pi it c», a* can be oLlaiued in
 tlie city.
 I NEW ENGLAND SIMM) HAND
 CLOTHING STOLE,
 No. Imon Strut, Bouton.
 TOHN Hlfilt I' keep* constantly on band a
 great variety of Nrw and Second Hand Clothing.
 T (roods of all kind*, mu h a* old dot hi gootis,
 MVatelie*, Root* and Sle e*, £,r., i xehangeil for new
 1 clothing. Curb ad»anec;l on all kind* of g&lt; ud»,
 j front one to one bundled dollai*.
 I JOHN D. REV A LEON, I'd, C„,,„. u
 tf and Perfumery Empoiiiuii, II I, lhark»tone-*t.
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST,
 j A LAPER of tlie above name will l e i,hli&gt;hed in
 /T M ilmington, by ihe Delaware A nti-,Slaver v
 It will In*edited by a V, mmiltee, and w,ll
 lie puiiliahed on a half inediinn rlieet, at tuentv-liie
 j rent* |&gt;e y.-ar.orfoi twenty-four mind.n*. itwilLle
 j devoted to cinaiidpntirtii in Delaware, and will ad
 vocate it* acroiui lirbinent b\ all lawful mcaim. ft
 will be publielifd Nemi-montlily, if means are rd
 forded, or a* often a* the mroenVan l e d tainrd.
 JAMES H. lII.’OOKE
 Piildisliiiig Agent.
 NORTHAMI'TON UATKIt CI'HE.
 Klectrlcity atd Ifydiopr.fby.
 r Dr*E pld lie are lespertlnlly idol inn I, that sirre
 X the whibisoj hiral deductimiH &lt;d the I* arced Dr.
 Mean*, of Emerv C&lt; liege, (in., and the'*r ientitie
 experiment? of Hcintner of Fig him!,* |:.&gt;e
 recently and indu! it.Tly cMabli-led tie fact, flat
 the conclusion* at width the iiiidcTsignril airivcii I v
 the *en*e of touch, in ISO, ate in I armour *iti»
 natural and pl.)*iolegii ai lnw —to r, if, that thiv
 iitnnaii body, iif a lieahbt rontiition, i* in a piitn
 rltetrirrrl »tntr, and that tlie cleft, ical ciiinnatiou*,
 from tlie cntirulur surface, indicate tn.ahb, or the
 symptoms uad charucter of disease—lime is seme
 reii*on to hope, that certain idiyriciai’*, igiu raiil of
 these principle* or natural law*, a knowledge of
 j wlmh i* essential to the sale and intelligent practice
 I of the htaiing art, will cease their voc item lion*
 against Ihe po»iTtvr i i.r fTwicAf, stati r.fthc
 i human l*&gt;,f\, and will licsitate to dissuade those"
 whom the-} have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature** remedy at the North asp-.
 T y* ATI 11 (-t'RV- Thw unstained by the light
 ol science, tlie undersigned may be permiited here
 to repeat hi* experience, that, i n a !I ease* where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 I condition, the patient i* beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On tlie other hard, when tin part*
 of tlie body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 j state, however disarranged, there it &lt;poend V kopw
 for a cure.
 Had not «be result* of past year*' practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or Ccutk
 fulnms of the principle* by which the undersigned i*
 governed, in tlelceting the syuiptom* and eharariw*’
 «&gt;f disease, an,J practising tlie cure, the recent »*icn
 tific qginonstration of their corrcrtne**, by Pr, fe**off
 Mean* and Mr. Hcmmcr, could not fail u» fouviuo*-
 tlie most inereduloe*.
 Oratefullv appreciating the errdit *o g«*ev«a*l',
 awarded for hi* success a* a Flvdropnthic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, ami the gnitiiud*:
 evinced by those whom lie ha* bad tlie pleasu.c to
 relieve of their complaints, thi undersigned will
 assiduously ervienw to nwtuiu the credit, and merit
 that grant,klt, the case of ercry invalid who mav
 &lt;tfb&gt;r,i bun an o f portumty to eflcct a rure, by (ifs
 original ami philosophical method of practice,
 ,T?l'aUl,,lo!L'V' aU1,,l0 !L' V 4 “T C r&lt; situ.
 M I“ k v r two and a l«lf mile
 i l f l n 11 Convioiditly
 arranged, wuh separate paib.rs, l a ,hi„g IUM ilv J
 't"'”,*"" Genth men, well vcnlil
 atoiand conveniently fumbled kxlging rooms, uwd
 a *ar ,ty of hath*, *upp| K d with water, which, for
 abunrlanee, party, ami »dwptednes» to water-cure,
 pwrooscs, u wn»uipa»se«l by that of any tier cm-
 Mishnent in this c uolry. The rreicry in thi*
 tH-mrty hipicturesqm- ami romantic. There are i
 variety ol pleasant walks, mOkitntlv retired, to,
 an,,w wafe r-* ore |x,ticr»Js to appear aw' they »ho*dd k
 P "v r »*ed, enjoying tUir ramblrs witUug
 retng exp&gt;M-d to puldie gate or otwervalioa.
 Among tin: eon,plaints which stv la r*" -is c’ssfulfy
 *n&lt;^"t of flood to tlu* head
 cold extremities, general and nrrymis debility, hron*
 cbitis, pwhuoiiuiy aflcdioii, li»« r ciopLttiit, jaua
 dice, acute or chrome inthonn aliori of (he Lnwk
 fteral debihiv, neivow* and apinwl!
 affection*, tnfkuotnatory a«J mum: IbeiwiKrtism
 •vwrafgiw, *eraliew, bme liniss, paralysis,fevers sala
 riieuni, •rrofulon* ami erysipelas hunts**.
 AU patient* who »a&gt;n this wtaMishatettt f»* a.
 enwrwe of treatnv nt, «I*hiU furnish themselves with
 wee twmhniable*, three woollen blankets tmm
 two linen and three cotton *b« ete two pillow
 *«x or eight crash towels, some well worn Uuyn w,*
 rot h h,mematron*, an old cloak or anode, an um
 brella, ami a pair of sljp| rrs.
 m/Zr* tNr »*o»rd are f 5 so to
 fS SO per week, poyablo weekH— wa*hiw eTtrw
 Patteirt* retpiu m 4 extra aik-nUo* or Qn\ their
 »«*»S
 a {m t*(m ,**e.
 Mn C* I**, D RI «^LES.
 r*
 niiJir i h iu
 tn a p*.*iti«e *ute,
 ««PU%H»#d h, thr. Ol the
 tfk&gt;n c-aa exre** grottaliy
 2 U fMn ,K cwicwlar airfare, that
 kL S.Jt «Wfele by Mr. Ilcmmcc of
 ‘‘‘‘•fettewd ahko,” 322 iialicaled
 .ITT??* «fp«tMtve ekvtricitv. Tkis surpkisng*
 nmi 11* T* weWlievc u» Lr mli**
 r**.* healthful condition of the wbukt
 /*™!®®***b ffttd that wh, n. from any cause, it
 MMMMMMad or eewses, diseased action ensues.'
 Be* hUnws, (Witsml betore the Medic,d ollrgc of
 (Morgta. at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 I*l7, hy A. Means, A M., M.D.. I'lofrssor of
 ChNMrt and Pharmacy ami Pr,4r*eor of I'trystc*)
 »n Emory College, (it., page JL
