FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M R DELANY, l Ewt
YOL. I. NO. 22.
The NORTH STAR is published every
 Friday, at No. 33, Buffalo Street,
 ((Jppnntr tie ArxotU.)
 TERM*.
 Two A&gt;lUr* per annum, nlmyt m iutr*n*r. No
 *wl»«*np6vn will be •'•eeieed f.ir a tens than
 lix month*.
 A«l»ertiacmrnt« not rxrw.linj; ten line# ii&gt;*&lt;*rU*«l
 throe times Lit one &lt;lo!Ltr; e»ery wlwM .jtieirt inser
 tiou. twenty-five rente.
 Tmr obj.-rt of the North rtr»R will lw to attack
 Slavksv in all ii* form* aud anpeete; ailvwaU*
 Ustvr.KSAi. f.v t hiPATIOB esalt tie* rtaadard
 of Pcni.ir MoitAi.irr; promote the rroral amlin-
 V-heri.ul imrovonent of the* Coi.oßrn frurir.', J
 a-vl ISMtrn tile* efay FREEDOM to the THsr.r.
 N„,uom of our Es*L*rr.u Fallow Cots-
 TUTSIJ.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 try. \R r reUtinf to the btomte**
 m jUr. ..1 lie* name* of *iA»r*tlmn, remit-
 tn ICTA, a-., elloui.) Ik* a-Mirewl t» WILLIAS C.
 KM., Pllldielier.
 [0- and alt evther* »ennia; name*, are
 reeiuentitfln arrnrUe, and (tire the* Put Ofr't
 4.e County, an I tlie Stott. F.arh Stitworiher is im-
 fcie.liau*ly e-rerlited for money received. j
 yfy iiv r««m smiling in tlie (myinent for four
 SiilwrriU-rs, to I** firwanW to one aelelre***, may
 have a fifth ropy f&lt;»r one year.
 (0- All I iters an&lt;l communication* must be poet
 paid.
 LIST OK AGENTS.
 M ass vr nr* ktts. —R. F. Walrntt, 21, Corohill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New B-df.rd; Horatio W.
 Foster, I .owe II; James N. Biiffuin, Lynn; Gconp*;
 Evans, Worcester Bourne S|&gt;oeuie‘l', i’lvniontll;
 t'lmle*- 11. S&gt;*th, Springfk Id David Rubles,
 Northampton; 11. ("arjH-uter, I pton.
 Maivk.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.—Rmihtitl T. North rrr
 risburg.
 C*oN.* F.CTlCtJT.—Jonathan Leonard, .Meriden. j
 Nrw II a mi* shirk. Wi are Tappan. Bradford. j
 Nnv Vork.— Svdnev If. Cay, 112, Nassau!
 Street; Ja 11 «\f&lt; u u* Smith,93, West Broaduay;
 Joseph Post, W'rslbnrv, &lt;l'l**«*ii Cmiiltv Marv liar-;
 per, Ylh.mv; Elias Dolv. Maee lon illetts Reese,
 I’erii. Clinton Count\; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Pena Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. j
 l'lalt, Bath.
 Rhoiik I si, a t ti.—Amarancy Paine, Pmvwwrf.
 Pk.n ssviv am a.—J. \l. M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Streef, Philadelphia; G. W. CJoines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; 11. Vashmi, B. Down, Pitlslwirg; j
 \V illi.uii W lnppe r, Colntiilna; lLdvits, Jaetoh
 L. Paxnn, Norristown, Montgomery County. j
 Ohio.—Chri-tian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Cart*r, Dill*; Valentine iehoLson, Harvey si rnrgh,
 Warren t’ounlv; Samuel Brooke. Salem.
 Michigan.—ltdert Banks, Detroit.
 I Mil A.a i.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.'
(fommunicnticn.
A BRIEF ACCOUNT
 Of I *R A r.I. Fit r.xcn,/«fe f the vicinity of Rirhm nd,
 H’ciyns Cmnty, Indiana; hy'hi* sister, E MM A
 STKKH, now lH th&gt; loth year of h)T /lift.
 It lias Ion" been in my mind to write
 Home account ot my end**ared lirother s*
 life and labors, (05 the education and
 encouragement of his jnany valuable
 friends, who are still endeavoring to;
 advance the cause of Peace and Right-j
 e msness in the earth; believjng I know j
 more of him than any -person*living, j
 having been his friend and confidant,
 through our youth—we held corre
 spondence when separated; and during
 those seasons of absence, affinities ol 1
 mind were revealed which endeared us
 still more to each other, and led us to
 prize the privilege of improvement in
 each other’s society; and during the!
 years of my widowhood, I was also one
 of his family for the last 23 years of his
 life. j
 He was born in Frederick County,
 Maryland, the 21st of 10th mo., l/7t).,
 11 is disposition was naturally quiet, not
 inclined to interfere with the comfort of
 others, hut very quick to resent imposi
 tion. Our mother died when he was
 only five years of age. In the course
 of his childhood and youth, being ex
 posed to many trials, he so tully over
 came or regulated his temper, that he
 was seldom seen ruffled by anything,yet
 always exhibited a keen sense ot justice
 and firm independence of mind.
 lie was very early impressed with
 Anti-Slavery feeling, in the following
 manner: Being on an errand one morn
 ing, he crossed the farm of a slave
 holder on his way home, and meeting
 some little hoys, went to play with
 them, till they heard a horn blow, when
 the boys ran quickly to the quarter
 for their breakfast. It being on his
 way, he went with them, and saw them
 receive their gourd* of cold mush, con
 taining only about two spoonbills for
 tticli, and they kindly offered lmn some,
 hut he took his leave, and walked home
 ruminating on their condition, and
 querying why it was that these lively,
 sensible, kind little creatures might not
 be as free as he was. A deep sense of
 the injustice of slavery fixed on his
 mind, and increased with time and ob
 servation; and he was afterwards the
 means of convincing their master’s son
 so that he formed a resolution never to
 own a slave; and leaving Maryland,
 without any assistance from his father,
 settled in Ohio.
 At 10 years of age, my brother was
 apprenticed to a tailor, in Virginia,
 where he was exposed to many snares.
 Our father was a man of strict justice
 and integrity, and truly Christian
 spirit; hut having placed his son ac
 cording to the requisitions of the disci
 pline, in a settlement of Friends, and
 with a member of the society, he trust
 ed all would he well. When about to
 leave us. my sister set the alphabet, in
 writing, for him to learn, that we might
 correspond, which we did from that in
 struction alone on his part. He could
 only read the New Testament when he
 left us, but continued to improve by
 his own exertion and attention, during
 the very few leisure moments he eould
 get, having no more opportunity of in
 struction till near 18 years of ago. He
 was released from his hard servitude
 by an arbitration. Having suffered
 much abuse, he loft the place with a
 determination not to return, and made
 application to a justice of the peace,
 which caused the case to be examined,
 and resulted iu his liberty, after which,
 he devoted some time to the study of
 arithmetic, book-keeping, surveying,
 navigation, &amp;c., and he might truly he
 raid to he self-educated, for to the end
THE NORTH STAR.
of time with him, his comprehensive
 mind was ever embracing all that was
 useful in science and literature.
 At the period to which I have re
 ferred, being very deficient in what he
 conceived to be a competent knowl
 edge of his trade, he settled to work in
 Baltimore, as the most likely place to
 accomplish his object. His health was
 sometimes affected by close confine
 ment to business, and at those seasons,
 his relatives and friends in the country
 were refreshed by his sojourn among
 them. His disposition to udd to the
 enjoyment of others, and not amuse
 himself at the expense of the feelings
 of any, ever rendered him a welcome
 guest.
 In all situations, he strictly avoided
 the use of spirituous liquors, though
 often urged to participate, as the prac
 tice was very common with many in
 those times, frequently remonstrating
 upon the deleterious influence thereof.
 In the city, he walked mostly alone,
 for he found there were those who
 would lead him into snares, many of
 which he hut was favored joyfully
 and thankfully to escape.
 He acquired a marked solidity of de
 portment, tempered with habitual cheer
 fulness; and he attended meetings of
 all religious societies, in which he was
 steady and attentive to their doctrines
 and ceremonies, and at length settled
 his mind on sending for a certificate of
 his right in the Society of Friends,
 whose early doctrine he approved. He
 could not join with some religious au
 thors in decrying human reason, be
 lieving it had preserved him from many
 dangers; that it was the recipient ot
 the Llivine Spirit, and co-operating to
 gether, evil was avoided, and good
 embraced, and thus good fruits pro
 duced in life aud conduct. He always
 cherished a reverence for religion, but
 thought it was not so mystical as many
 suppose, hut plain and clear, and com
 prehensive to a sound rational under
 standing. He thought the rationality
 bestowed on us by the Creator, by
 which wc arc distinguished from the
 brute creation, very different from
 the serpentine insinuations of pride,
 that greatest darkener of reason, and
 most subtle and potent enemy of man
 kind. It was, and continued to he, his
 belief that many who promulgated doc
 trines shrouded in mystery, were prob
 ably unacquainted with real religion,
 and were hut blind leaders of the
 blind.” He maintained an equal stand
 between priestcraft and that slate of so
 ciety which a rejection of religion has
 a tendency to create. He read the
 Scriptures much in ekrly life, for he
 wished to understand them for himself,
 not depending upon the expositions of
 otli£r&amp;. He prized nftmy truths they
 contain, as most excellent for instruc
 tion, edification and comfort, and con
 tinued to do so through all the course of
 his life. Though he chose the Society
 of Friends for his regard to the princi
 ples they early professed, he was not
 blind to their failings in his day, and
 often met w.th those who could not
 brook plain-dealing; hut there were
 others with whom a “lasting friendship
 was cemented thereby, and with the
 society of such as those, his mind was
 cheered through all the checkered
 scenes of his life.
 About the 25th year of his age, he
 i married Deborah Phillips, of York,
 Pennsylvania, who proved indeed a
 worthy companion of his pilgrimage.—
 They settled in Maryland, in his native
 county, where he was surrounded by
 1 slaveholders, who gave him many op
 portunities of remonstrating with them
 upon the iniquity of dealing in human
 beings; and after he left Mary land, was
 often heard to say, he did not know but
 j he ought to have remained there, to
 I labor for the extinction of slavery, for
 he was not satisfied w r ith being out of
 i sight of it, believing there was a great
 j work to do, and he was desirous of
 performing his part in “breaking every
 yoke, and letting the oppressed go
 free.”
 His remove to Ohio was in 1812; and
 the first anti-slavery effort he there en
 gaged in, was the formation of the
 Uniou Humane Society,” one of the
 objects of which was to assist fugitives
 j Heeingfrom oppression,in which service
 he was actively engaged. His house
 was the first that could be seen on en
 tering Mount Pleasant, Jefferson coun
 ty, Ohio, and this becoming known to
 them, they were enabled to gain its
 1 shelter without inquiry, where they were
 comfortably equipped and facilitated on
 I their perilous journey. It required
 much vigilance on his part, as the man
 hunters frequently visited his premises;
 hut his perils and sacrifices were
 cheerfully borne for the relief of the
 oppressed, and he was often heard to
 express his regret that they were
 I obliged to seek so cold a clime as the
 Canadas to ensure their safety. He
 was always opposed to any scheme of
 colonization, believing they ought to
 have their liberty to remain where they
 were uatives, m a state ol freedom; hut
 when any asserted their right# by tak
 ing flight, he would do ail in his power
 to prevent their being re-tyken, aud
 subjected again to the evils of sla
 very.
 Tlie Society of Friends in Ohio
 was very pleasant to him for some
 years. Many of its most active mem
 bers were among his personal friends
 with whom he could enjoy much free
 dom in conversation. The meeting of
 frienda and relatives from distant and
 different parts of the country, at a
 newly-established yearly meeting, made
 it sown like a family of love, and all this
 rendered it very interesting; but at
 lengh a time came when this family was
 1 shaken from centre to circumference by
 the accusations against that faithful
 friend and anti-slavery laborer, Elias
 Hick*. It is well known to many that
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
h» first offence to hi* principal ac
 cusers, was his testimony against sla
 very, and his labor* with some who had
 grown rich in the society by trade in
 cotton goods, &amp;e., which he deemed
 sinful, and deserving the name of “prize;
 goods,” against which the society pro
 fessed to bear a loud and decisive testi
 mony. Those who w ished to keep in
 the quiet,” and enjoy themselves in
 their own comfortable, selfish way, ac-l
 cuscd Elias Hicks with holding and
 promulgating doctrines contrary to the
 ancient belief of the Society of Friends.
 This controversy was carefully exam
 ined by my brother, and being satisfied j
 that be was in accordance with the;
 early Friends, as much as when he w as
 universally admired and applauded by
 all, he used his endeavors to show that
 there was no need of a division. He!
 strove to be impartial in his investiga-;
 lions, sought opportunities of being
 where Elias Hicks was, both at meet
 ings and in the private circle, without
 being known to him, that he might be
 able to judge of his spirit and doc
 trines; and being satisfied that he was
 actuated by a truly Christian spirit, he
 did not longer hesitate, but invited him
 to partake of the hospitalities of our
 home, during his sojourn amongst us.
 This caused a separation between him
 and many of his former social friends,
 who had now become full of party
 spirit, and they disowned him, and ma
 ny others. Being thus separated, he
 entered into labors ainongt the accused
 party. Having clearly seen, in the
 workings of this division, the pernicious
 influence of making a part of the meet
 ing seleet,” by recommending minis
 ters and appointing elders, he proposed
 that everything making way for real or
 supposed authority be dispensed with;
 that we who were associated might ever
 bear in remembrance the saying of
 Jesus, One is your master, even
 Christ, and all ye are brethren.” Ma
 ny saw the propriety of this proposal,
 but were over-ruled, and settled down
 in the old forms, which gave room for
 the aspiring again to assume the mas
 tery, which was tlie cause of much la
 bor and trouble to him, and many other
 pure-spirited friends in different parts
 of the society. And through the course
 of his many trials, and while a member
 of Indiana V. M,, his convictions on
 this subject still deepened,strengthened,
 and were expressed to his friend John
 Mott, Michigan, only a few months 1
 previous to his death, in the following
 language:
 N The mischievous contrivance of
 Ordination, early friends bore a faithful
 testimony against; but that.testimony
 was let fall when they began to approve
 ministers” and appoint “elder%”
 This mode of ordination differs only fit
 form from that of other sects" The re
 sults arc tlfc same. The office in all is
 to establish a privileged class, out of
 which will eventually grow a mercenary
 priesthood, and a sycophantic people.
 Money is not the only item of priest’s
 wages. Flattery is the most delicious
 food to a w eak and aspiring mind. And
 what, I ask, can gratify an inordinate
 self-esteem more than to be raised to
 the pmhacle of the temple, by those
 whose ears are in turn pleased by hear
 ing from the gallery or “sacred desk,”
 the beautiful sound of eloquent ora
 tory What a temptation is here pre
 sented for weak, vain mortals to steal
 the livery of heaven, and make it pan
 der to their ow r n low ambition But
 let us, iny dear friend, spend our little
 remaining energies in striving to de
 molish those images set up by our
 modern Nebuchadnezzars, and rear in
 its place a standard w*ith this inscrip
 tion: 4 Salvation is of God, our Cre
 ator,’ who seeth not as man seeth; He
 has |prorniscd to be the teacher of his
 people himself, requiring that ail should
 use the talents committed to their care
 to promote his glory, and bring about
 a state of peace on earth and good will
 among men, by doing good to each
 other; commanding us to let our light
 so shine before men, that they, seeing
 our good works, may glorify him, our
 Father in Heaven. Therefore, let our
 watchword be, No secrecy, no pro
 scription: light and lo\e will redeem
 the world.”
 His removal to the State of Indiana
 was in the year 1832; and in 1834, the.
 Declaration of Sentiments of tlie Ame
 rican Anti-Slavery Society appeared,
 and it cheered our spirits to see the
 stand they had taken and the labor they
 proposed to engage in. It revived our
 hopes. He assisted in organizing so
 cieties, and made way for lecturers;
 also encouraged young persons, who,
 in the freshness of feeling on first awa
 kening to the importance of the sub
 ject, seemed prepared to speak profita
 bly thereon. His house was ever open
 to all the friends of the cause, as many
 can testify who have partaken of his
 hospitality; arid our meeting-house was
 never refused, though at Richmond,
 where the monthly meeting was held to
 which we belonged, they did not allow
 theirs to be thus occupied. Still con
 tinuing to attend monthly meetings,
 where a disposition to disown their
 members being very prevalent, he was
 often led to expostulate with the rulers,
 desiring the discipline administered in
 the spirit of love, that it might have a
 tendency to gather, rather than scatter.
 But a rumor being raised among them,
 that he wished to destroy order, and the
 name of order having become an idul
 among them, they were jealous of his
 proposition to dispense with the “select
 meetings,** and they kept up the err of
 order, and slighted all labors of love
 to prevent disownment, till at length he
 became impressed with the belief
 all excommunication was wrong, being
 an emanation from the spirit of Anti
 christ, and used for persecuting pur
 poses. He would plead, that we ought
 ,to labor always, and not cast any off;
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1848.
that we should be willing to bear some
 burdens, often citing the parable of the
 lost sheep, which the shepherd would
 bear on his shoulders rejoicing.
 While these were hu thoughts and
 feelings towards all, even the poor
 criminal in prison, preparations were
 making to disown him. Committees
 were appointed to visit and revisit our
 preparative meeting, and they produced
 a minute from a called 44 meeting for
 sufferings,” requiring us to forbid the
 use of our meeting-house to anti-sla
 very laborers; warning us against
 '‘mixing with the world,” (they were
 all the while actively engaged in politi
 cal manoeuvres, and every scheme
 which seemed to promise them the ag
 grandizement of wealth or power.)-
 They also required that none of our
 members should lecture in what they
 termed, the present popular manner.—
 These demands he deemed unwarrant
 able and grievous infringments of his
 rights; and the cry of 44 mixing with the
 world,” had not been able to deter him
 from attending to his apprehensionss of
 duty. They proceeded to lay down our
 preparative meeting, and attach it to
 their own, without which they could not
 take up a complaint against him; then,
 having all in their own hands, they
 made up a complaint, and having gone
 through the form, issued a testimony of
 disownment against him. He appealed
 to the Quarterly Meeting, not to con
 tend for privileges which were no longer
 desirable, but to exhibit their bigotry
 and intolerance, and was looking to
 wards carrying it to the Yearly Meet
 ing; believing it to be his duty to arouse
 the minds of the people to the inroads
 and aggressions of sectarianism. But
 at this period, he was attacked by the
 prevailing fever of the country, which
 terminated his existence. They went
 through the form in the Quarterly
 Meeting, and confirmed the judgment
 of .the Monthly Meeting, after he was
 laid in his grave!
 His mind had been ardently and ac
 tively engaged in the dissemination of
 peace principles; and in all his trials
 he manifested a truly Christian spirit, j
 and through all the last summer of his;
 life, seemed more and more pleasant'
 and resigned, and remarkably so in his
 last illness, which was about nine days.
 His head was affected with fever at
 night, but in the morn he could* rise
 and be cheerful with his family, every
 day until the last, expressing great en
 joyment in the beauties of nature, tak
 ing notice of the notes of the birds,and
 with remarkable innocent cheerfulness
 desiring his family to dwell upon all
 the pleasant pictures.
 He departed this life on the 13th of
 Bth month, 1840, in£h£ 67th year of his
 age; and his wife about thrfe
 weeks after, leaving a much bereaved
 sister and daughter, and many other
 friends, to feel the loss of their precious
 society.
 sth month, 3d, 1848.
EXTRACT
 From the Speech of Mr. GIDDIKGS, of Ohio, on the
 Ur** luth.n of Mr. I'aLFREY to mature win liter the
 Members of C&lt; tigress had bun threatened by a law
 lei* mob.
 Mr. Giddinos said—Before entering
 upon the subject more immediately un
 der consideration, I must be permitted
 to say, that 1 have no intention to reply
 to those personal attacks that for three
 days have been made upon me. They
 are unbecoming the dignity of a legis
 lative body; they are equally unsuited
 to the occasion. YVe are discussing
 the rights of humanity—a subject dig
 nified and solemn. The eyes of the
 nation and of the civilized world are
 upon us; and, Sir, I cannot demean
 myself so much as to reply to those
 personal invectives which have been
 so liberally heaped upon me.
 The subject of slavery, which has
 now been before us for some days, was
 not introduced by myself nor by any
 Northern man. The resolution of my
 friend from Massachusetts (Mr. Pal
 frey) does not allude to it; yet it has
 been forced upon us by slaveholders,
 aud Northern men cannot avoid it. 1
 regard it as inappropriate, but have no
 alternative but to meet it, or admit my
 inability to oppose the arguments ad
 vanced.
 The gentleman (Mr. Haskell, of
 Tennessee,) charges roe with uttering
 sentiments on this floor, and out of this
 House, which have tended **to excite
 the slaves to rebellion, and to produce
 this state of thing*,” by which, 1 sup
 pose he means their attempt to escape
 from slavery; for doing this be thinks
 I ought to hang as high as Hainan;
 and that the House ought to expel me,
 for thus daring to give utterance to the
 honest sentiments of heart, when
 such utterance way excite the slaves
 to regain their liberty.
 Mr. Speaker, I wiß inform that gen
 tleman, with all sincerity, that it is too
 late in the day to attempt to sea! the
 lips of Northern Representatives in
 regard to the slave trade or any other
 subject which comes before this body.
 I give notice to that gentleman, and to
 all others, that I shall speak just what
 I think on any and every subject which
 comes before us. It is my intention to
 call things by their right names, and to
 speak, so far as I am able, in such
 direct, plain, and simple language, as
 to be understood.
 It is true, that the freedom of speech
 has been put down in this Hall; it was
 for years trampled under foot by the
 slave power. I aat here daring several
 sessions of Congress, in degrading and
 humiliating silence, and often listened
 to the supercilions tirades of Southern
 members against myself, and against
 the advocghM of Überiv. while I was
 not permitted to reply. The sUv«
Selections.
 a
power then reigned triumphant in this
 body. Sir, it n well known that, for
 asserting in this House some of the
 plainest principles of constitutional
 law, I was censured and driven from
 my seat here. But, thank God, after
 years of toil and effort, we have re
 gained the freedom of debate. And
 3bw, I say to the slaveholders present,
 we shall never again surrender it.
 When members here shall cease to
 Cnjoy the-privilege of speaking their
 minds, and representing the views and
 wishes ol' their constituents, my people
 will send'some other man to Congress,
 or they will cease to be represented in
 this body. Why, Sir, dots the gentle
 man from Tennessee expect that I am
 to ask him, or any other member, what
 1 shall say, when 1 shall speak, and
 how* 1 shall say it? Do Southern gen
 tlemen suppose they can bring into this
 body the practices which they pursue
 on their plantations? Sir, they forget
 the theatre on which they are acting.
 They forget that they are among free
 men. They surely think themselves
 among slaves, accustomed to crouch
 and tremble ut their frowns. This
 Hall is not the place for the display of
 supercilious dictation. Such traits ol
 character are but poorly suited to the
 dignity of legislation. They will not
 be tolerated by gentlemen who know
 their rights, and have the spirit to
 maintain them. What,Sir,are wc to sit
 here and listen to such language? 1
 would advise the gentleman from Ten
 nessee to read the Constitution of the
 United States; to study the spirit and
 genius of the Government of which he
 is a member; to learn the privileges
 and duties, and endeavor to catch the
 spirit and inspiration of an American
 statesman. His thoughts will then be
 free as the winds of heaven, and he
 will look with ineffable contempt upon
 upon all efforts to restrain the freedom
 of debate. When the proposition of
 the gentleman to restrain the freedom
 of debate shall he published in my dis
 trict, the schoolboys will laugh at its
 absurdity.
 But the gentleman thinks that my
 language in this Hall has excited a love
 of liberty among the slaves. As to;
 that, I have made no inquiry. If it
 has imparted to them information, or
 iaspired them with a desire to regain
 the rights which God has given them,
 I shalf rejoice at it. I would not desist!
 from speaking truth in this Hall, if all
 the,slaves in the universe were listen-;
 ing to me. No, Sir; if I had the;
 power, I would, from this forum, give!
 to every slave, south of Mason and
 Dixon’s, line, a perfect knowledge of
 his rights. 1 would explain to their
 understanding the oppression that
 weighs down their intellects, and shuts
 out truth from their comprehension. I
 would explain to them the outrage
 which has robbed them of their hu
 manity, reduced them to the level of
 chattels, and subjects them to sale like
 brutes in the market. Could rny voice
 be heard by them from this Hall, I
 would teach them that they came from
 the hand of the same Creator as our
 selves, and were endowed by him by
 with the same inalienable rights as
 those who now lord it over them. I
 would inform them that they are breth
 ren, and candidates for the same im
 mortality with us.
 Mr. Gayle, of Alabama, desired to
 inquire of the gentleman from Ohio,
 (Mr. Giddings,) if these sentiments
 were not now uttered in the hearing of
 slaves
 Mr. Giddings. —The gentleman from
 Alabama pc haps could answer that
 question more accurately than myself, i
 I know not whether such persons be!
 present. 1 hope there may be some to
 hear me; and if the utterance of such
 truths as these can teach them how to
 release themselves from bondage, God
 knows their redemption draws nigh.
 No, Sir; I would say to gentlemen—
 -44 Go tell your slaves how choleric you
 are, and bid your bondmen tremble,
 but come not here and threaten to ex
 pel and*to hang the represeatatives of;
 freemen for giving utterance to the;
 sentiments which they entertain. Gen-j
 tlemcn may play the tyrant on their
 plantations, bold theif; fellow-men in
 subjection, may cause their lacerated
 flesh to quiver with the lash, but they!
 shall not impose silence upon Northern
 men, nor dictate the language we shall
 use on this floor.
 Mr. Gayle inquired if the gentleman
 alluded to him, when he spoke of the;
 flesh being made to quiver by the lash.
 He never used the lash on his slaves.
 They would not accompany him here,!
 because they were afraid the abolition-1
 ists would skin them.
 Mr. Giddings. The gentleman’s
 statement shows to what depths of de- j
 gradation slavery can reduce the im
 mortal mind. The gentleman from
 Alabama has been so far successful as
 to teach his slave# to hug their chains,
 Hid to shudder at the thought of being;
 free. He has driven from their minds
 the instinctive love of liberty. These
 fact* sh«»w the most horrid character
 istics of that i station. It blots ©ot
 the intellect, and reduces man, created
 in the image of his God, to tlie level of]
 brutes. That gentleman dare not,
 teach bis slaves to read the Word off
 God. It would subject him to punish
 ment in the Penitentiary of bis State,!
 were be to do it. Nor need we go to
 Alabama to find such laws. If, Sir, 1
 you pass over the river (Potomac) j
 lying before our windows, and on ft* j
 southern bank attempt to kindle in the!
 dormant intellect of n slave the hope j
 of a future life, by teaching him to rend
 the Holy Scriptures, you will be liable
 to an incarceration in the penitentiary
 of that Old Dominion, of which we
 hear so often and so much in this
 House. Yes, Sir, it is regarded a* a
 crime to teach a-slave to read the Word
of God, in this Christian land—this
 land of sabbaths, and ministers, and
 Bibles, and slaves.
 Mr. Vexvsle begged to say to the
 gentleman from Ohio, that he* was no
 Methodist, though he highly respected
 that sect. He was a Presbyterian;
 but he would refer the gentleman to
 the Kpistle of Paul to Philemon, from
 which that gentleman would learn, that
 Paul did net tell servants to run away
 from their masters, but to return back
 to them. hen the gentleman from
 Ohio can bring evidence to show that
 he is better, wiser, and holier than
 Paul, he would listen to his counsels,
 and not till then.
 1 think the gentleman is too much
 excited for a Presbyterian. By what
 authority does he pronouuce Onesimus
 a slave? Was he not a hired servant,
 such as we of the North employ, and
 pay for their labor? Did Paul direct
 I that he should return to slavery? No;
 he commanded that he should be re
 ceived as a brother. But the gentle
 man from North Carolina has attempt
 ed to press St. Paul into a justification
 of slavery. What is slavery, and
 what are its effects? Why, Sir, a
 gentleman, (Mr. Clay,) once a mem
 ber in the other end of the Capitol and
 a slaveholder, of accurate information,
 some years since stated, that the aver
 age life of slaves, after entering upon
 the sugar plantations, was only five
 years, and upon the cotton plantations
 only seven years. That is to say, they
 are driven so hard at labor as to des
 troy the lives of the whole of them
 every five and seven years upon an
 average. Now, Sir, is it not ns much
 murder to destroy the life of our lellow
 man, by a torture of five or seven
 years, as it would be to strike him
 down at a blow? Yea, is not this pro
 longed torture a refinement in cruelty?
 I have no time to refer to the licen
 tiousness, or indeed to the almost total
 obliteration of moral sentiment, to he
 found not only among slaves, but among
 ail slaveholding communities.
 Why, Sir, it is said, ami I believe
 with perfect truth, to be no unusual j
 thing for slaveholders to sell their own
 children as slaves. Brothers are said
 to traffic in the bodies of their fathers,
 sons, and daughters. Such crimes
 have no names. Yet the gentleman
 from North Carolina represents St.
 Paul as approving, and even enjoining
 slavery, with all its concomitant ini
 quities. Well might the great John
 Wesley denounce slavery, as the sum
 of all villames; for it is so in fact. It
 is not merely murder, for it takes life
 by a slow and regular process of tor
 ture. It is not merely theft, for it
 steals not only the property and the
 treasures of men, but it takes from them
 their intellectual enjoyments. It is
 not merely robbery, for it robs man of
 himself. The essential elements of all
 these crimes, in their most aggravated
 form, are comprehended in the term
 slavery. And Scripture is quoted to'
 justify such appalling wickedness.—
 Why, sir, if I entertained such senti
 ments, I would abjure my religion, and
 turn Pagan These arguments are put
 forth by Presbyterians. The general
 assembly of that church, some thirty
 years since, declared slavery to he
 inherently sinful; and of course it
 must be offensive to God, and to all
 good men.”
SLAYE HOLDING JUSTICE.
 The following is an extract from the Edi
 torial Correspondence of the Ohio True Demo
 crat.
 Washington, April 23, 1818.
 As an evidence of the manner in
 which justice is administered here, I
 would state that the three prisoners who
 were bound over to appear at court and
 answe r to the charge of aiding in the
 escape of the negroes, are each requir
 ed to give hail in the sum of
 This is a country where the Constitu
 tion requires that excessive bail shall
 not be demanded. One of the men, as
 i I have already stated in a previous let
 ter, was proved to be innocent on the
 i examination. Still he was bound over,
 and bail required to the amount ot
 £7li,otK). He did think some of apply
 ing for a habeas corptu, for the purpose
 I ot having the amount reduced by Judge
 Cranch. He could give bail in the
 surn of soooo. But we were given to
 understand that if released, he would
 not leave the city alive. The jail is
 constantly watched by men who have
 nothing to do with it, but who are de
 termined that no one of the prisoners
 shall ever be acquitted. The jailor has
 I strict orders not to permit any one to
 have any conversation with them exeept
 in his presence—not even their counsel.
 The prisoners are confined in cold cells
 with brick doors, and nothing to sleep
 on except a single blanket. As yet
 they have not disclosed the names of
 1 any persona who where engaged in the
 enterprise with them, and they assured
 me that they never would do A.
 A part of the negroes are still in jail.
 Some of them have not yet been elaim
 ed by their masters, and others are
 kept there until a good rale cri be
 made of them. The question arises—
 IBy what authority arc they there The
 f jail is the property of the people of the
 United States, erected by their money,
 for the purpose of receiving and keeping
 safe those charged or convicted of
 crimes committed in the I Hat net. By
 what authority, then, is it used for the
 I keeping of the negroes? 'Hie Marshal
 j this District is appointed by the
 {President; he w paid out of the public
 treasury. Js be thus appointed and
 paid to be employed iu the capture and
 safe-keeping of runaway negroes? Do
 the people of the United States pay him
 for this purpose? And who pays for
 the keeping of these negroes m jad.
 t .«»r food, tic.? The Marshal of fbts
WILHAM C. WE1.1.. Fvaitssta
 JOITX DICK,
WHOLE NO—22
district has applied to Congress to pay
 him the sum d 44, for keeping
 runaway .Uvea prior to these, and prob
 ably be will soon present another bill for
 keeping these. And what i* worse, he
 has not only applied, but the Judiciary
 Committee has sanctioned the applica
 tion, and Mr. Taylor of Ohio, one of
 that committee, has reported in favor of
 allow ing the claim.
 These runaways were not committed
 to jail by any order of court; there is
 no law requiring the jailor to receive
 them; the Marshal volunteered the use
 of the jail for this purpose, and now
 comes to Congress aud ask* the peo
 ple of the United States to pay him for
 it, and Mr. W intbrop's Committee on
 the Judiciary, report a bill to pav him
 for it! One hundred and eighty-three
 colored persons were thus committed.
 No one of them was charged with any
 violation of law. Some were confined
 as runaways/’ some for safe-keep
 ing,” some as “petitioners for free
 dom,” all put in prison by the order of
 some private person, and kept until du
 eharged by the order of some private
 person, except in a very few instances,
 where having been kept tor several
 months and sometimes for more than a
 year, they were discharged by order ot
 court. I notice that one poor lellow,
 put in jail by order of Moses Graham,
 remained there 1,240 days, or three
 years and five months, and then was
 discharged,by order of F. S. Key; and
 for keeping this negro, the Marshal
 charges the United States s4*2l 00, and
 the Judiciary Committee have reported
 in favor of taking this money out of the
 pockets of the people, and paying it to
 him. Here was a man put in jail by
 1 order of a private individual, and kept
 there three years and five months, ly
 ing upon the cold brick floor. In what
 other land would it be tolerated? Had
 he committed any crime? Not any.—
 He had attempted to escape from sla
 very to a land of liberty, and for this
 attempt, for three long y ears and a half
 lie was shut out from the light of day!
 And remember, this was done in the
 District of Columbia, where the people
 of the United States represented in
 Congress have ‘exclusive jurisdiction/
 and now they are asked to pay more
 than four hundred dollars for this bar
 barity; and a committee, a majority of
 whom are Northern men, report in fa
 vor of the payment! And this is hut
 one solitary case out of one hundred
 and eighty, in which the Marshal asks
 pay.
KIDNAPPING.
 We find the following letter relating
 the particulars of an atrocious «ct of*
 kidnapping in this State, in the Penn
 sylvania Freeman. The editor of that
 paper states that one of the Kidnappers
 was recognized as a slave-hunter trorn
 Maryland; and adds'that tfie Jyiends
 from Philadelphia followed them to
 Baltimore, where they learned that the
 girl had been carried to Y'irginia.
 Means are in train to recover her if
 possible
 Downinotown, lyth 4 mo., 1848.
 "Mv I)eir Fkicnd’.—Thismorning
 our family was aroused by the screams
 of a young colored girl who bad been
 living with us nearly a year past; hut
 we were awakened only in time to seo
 her borne olfby three white men, ruf
 fians indeed, to a carriage at our door,
 and in an instant she whs on her way
 to the South. 1 feel so much excited
 by the attending circumstances of this
 daring and atrocious deed, as scarcely
 to be able to give a coherent account
 &gt;f it, but 1 know that it is my duty to
 make it known, and 1 therefore write
 this immediately.
 As soon as the house was opened in
 the morning, these men, who were lurk
 ing without, having a carriage in wait
 ing in the street, entered on their hor
 rid errand. They encountered no one
 in their entrance except a colored boy
 who was making the fire; and who be
 ing frightened at their approach, ran
 and bid himself; taking a lighted can
 dle from the kitchen, and carrying it up
 stairs, they went directly to the cham
 ber where the poor girl lay in a sound
 sleep. 'l*hey filled )ier from her bed
 aud carried her down stairs. In the
 entry of the second floor they met one
 of my sisters, who bearing an unusual
 noise had sprang from her bed Her
 screams, and those of the poor girl,
 who was now awakened to the dreadful
 truth, amused my father, who hurried
 undressed from his chamber on the
 ground floor. My father a effort* were
 powerless against the three; they threw
 him off with frightful imprecations and
 hurried the girl to the carriage. Quick
 ly as possible my father slat ted in pur
 suit, and reached Wert Cheater, only
 to !e*i n that the earrings had driten
 through the borough at talk speed half
 an hour before. They had two horses
 their vehicle, and there were three
 men besides those in the bouse. These
 particulars we gathered from the color
 ed boy Ned, who, from his hiding
 place, was w atching them in the road.
 Can anything be done for the rescue
 '•f this girl from her kidnappers? We
 ire surprised and alarmed; (his delib
 erate iuvasioa of oar house is a thing
 imimagifted. There must be some in
 former who is acquainted with our
 house and its sr range meats, or they
 never would have come so boldly
 through. Truly there as no need to
 preach about slavery in the abstract,
 this individual ease combines every
 wirkedncsa by which human nature caw
 be degraded.
 Tiuly thy friend,
 MAKY B. THOMAS.
Twenty-four dollars purchased the
 whole city and county of New York
 ii) years age.
