P o c t r c.
Fur the North f*t*r.
 MIGHT MAKE* RIGHT.
 Owe mnniint in *pn*»2. w I by dap feu
 a amhhy oli fanwr, rc*i'lw| at H—;
 A large duck of cmw on my left I e*pk-d.
 Around an okl hawse that hail receully died*
 The Congress mi upenal, aad the Bill the* wet
 pending,
 Declared thiii they afl kwd the rijht &lt;4 attending,
 Aiml of equally sharing wbateVr «u i run*. lev!
 For the whole tribe in otmaon; and thus they eon
 tended.
 Some argued the right of dtsmwrr gave
 A title good, that none hut a knave
 WouH qiw—tion the right, «»c even onec dam
 To art up hi* claim for an equal (hare.
 While other* in turn endeavored to prove,
 That the true bond of union i* the lain I of love;
 And that what was deaijied for all, should not be
 Clamed by monopoly, or any foul |4ea.
 Thi* donkey, tl*ey said, the tanner had meant,
 A* a donation gift, the crow to preveut
 From pulling Ilia corn, when seed-time should com
 M hich they aurely w ould do, unless thrv bad aotne
 Tlien eight or ten cron*, more ktiavidi than wke,
 A averted that they had discovered thi* prize;
 A o&gt;l In the law a of nation*, a.« well ai of crow*,
 Tf they did not retreat, they’d aoon conic to titowa.
 At b-ngth, after long an.! boiat’rou* &lt;k Inting,
 Ami fear* in the heart of the fanner awaking,
 TV 1 1. an inant few put the feeble to flight,
 Tm*n pled in excuse, tliat Might make* right.”
 I t the crook of the fence, hi* wctl-clioscn lolJiy,
 tlie farmer astri k&gt; of hi* other old holiby,
 And Iw-ard all their rea.*&gt; ins, both pro and con,
 Ami forming hi* purjx&gt;*e, to hi* house lie rode on.
 He *aid to himself, If thi* doctrine be tnie,
 That Might make* right,’ then why *!ioutd not yu
 Destroy every one of them* crows whiob-you are
 So merrily daunting their conquering glee!
 For I think, by ami by, with hunger forlorn,
 Thi* gilt I wing eaten, they’ll pull up my corn,
 Aod declare Unit the rigid of discovery makes
 The discoverer ow ner of all titat lie lakes.”
 So he took dow n his gun from the hooks over head
 And rliargiug it well with powder and lead,
 Wait every old crow that had ever contended,
 Tliat Might makes right,” and here it all ended.
 MORA 1..
 Ix-t tlie tyrant* around, who thi* doctrine proclaim
 Tliat Might makes right,” repent of their sliame
 F.rc tlie God of the sky, tlie earth, and the s«a,
 Blast all their proud hope*, and the nation* set fre.
 IRA T. MERRILL.
 From the National Era.
 COMING HOME.
 *T MISS PH&lt;F.BE CARET.
 How long it seem* since first we licard
 The cry of” Land in sight!”
 Our vessel surely never sailed
 So slowly till to-night.
 When we discerned the distant hills,
 The sun was scarcely set,
 Aiul now the noon of night has passed,
 They seem no nearer yet.
 Where the blue Rhine reflected hack
 Each frowning castle wall,
 Where, in the forest of the Hartz,
 Eternal shadows fall—
 Or where the yellow Tiber flowed
 By the old hills of Rome,
 I never felt such restlessness,
 Such I onging foi our home.
 Dbst I*loll retncmVr, oh, my friend,
 When we lielicld il last,
 How shadows from tlie setting sun,
 I poo our cot were east!
 Three summer-times upon its walls,
 Have shone for us in vain
 But, oh, we’re hastening homeward now,
 To leave it not again.
 There, as the last star dropped away
 From night’s imperial bmwy
 Ilid not .air vessel round the point!
 The land looks nearer now
 Yes, as the first faint beams of day
 Fell on our native shore,
 Tliey’re dropping anchor in the Isiy,
 We’re home, we’re home once more!
 From tlie Nortii American and United State*
 Gazette,
 “FRANCE IS FREE.”
 BY THOMAS BUCHANAS READ.
 A great voice wakes a foreign laud,
 And a mighty murmur sweeps the sea,
 While nations, dumb with wonder stand,
 To note what what it inay lie;
 The word rolls on like a hurricane’s breath,
 Down with the tyrant—come life or death,
 France must be free!”
 Upharsin is writ on the Orleans wall,
 And it needs no prophet to read the word—
 Tlie King lias flown from his palace hall,
 And tliere the mob is heard!
 They shout in the heat of llteir maddened glee:
 (What sound can compare with a nation’s cry,
 When it leaps from txmdage to liberty!)
 The voice sweeps on like a hurricane’s breath,
 And tlie wondering world hears what it sailh—
 France! France is free!”
 Tlie rough-shod tint of the people tramps
 Through the silken r'xiuis of royalty,
 And over the Amir tlie mirrors ami lamps
 Lie like tlie shattered monarchy!
 Tliey have grasped the throne in their irony,
 And have borne it aloft in mockery
 But as if the ghost of a king might be
 Still wielding a shadowy sceptre there,
 They dash it to earth, and trample it down,
 Shivered to dust, with the Orleans crown,
 Aud shout with a voice that rends tlie air,
 France, France is free!”
 Oh, joy to the world! tlie hour is come,
 W hen the nation* to freedom awake,
 N\ In'u the royalists stand aga|ie and dumb,
 And monarch* with terror shake!
 Over the wall* of majesty
 Upharsin i* writ in words of fire,
 And the eye* of tlie Imndineu, w herever thev be
 Are lit with their wild desire.
 Soon, soon shall tlie thrones tliat blot the worlJ
 lake the Orleaus, into tlie dust lie hurled,
 Aud the word rofl on, like a hurricane’s breath,
 Till tin* farthest slave bears what it saiUi,
 Arise, arise, be free!”
 APOSTROPHE TO THE PRESS.
 HV JAS. W. COrrORTII.
 Engine of lute Heel witouc mysterious might
 Controls die subtle umvei se of wind—
 Thy magic influence, like die electric light,
 Pervade* and rpiirkens all with radiance hrig!it;
 IV loftiest genius tliat has blessed mankind,
 Though gifted w ith an all immortal fire,
 Honied the blessings of thy kindly aid,
 Would for a moment flicker and dieu fade,
 t&gt;r, like a *ieu*&gt;r, dubiously expire.
 Tlie delicate thought thou const materialize,
 Ao&lt;l unto uulioru centuries assign—
 hliaimg immortality with die skies,
 Ami upon man conferring gift* divine.
 Ye guardian* of tlie Pres*! how grrot your sway
 Of good or evil! What an awful trust;
 Tlie minds of nations do your power obey.
 You fashion thin as |Kit tei m-Mikl tieir clay.
 Which precious may become, or worthless dual,
 A» die) nay will. In virtue** cause
 Be all your efforts spent, of&gt;po«e,l to lust,
 Hu|i|*/rt your country’s dignity and law*;
 Avenge the wronged an.l succor tlie opjircascd.
 And bk sting others, ye youiselves most bk-ssed.
Select ion a.
Fima the WfvfciagtfM (.onuty JwmL
 WOMAN.
 I* woman’* luvr-ly frame
 A gentle** ca*krt t n»t to claim
 The mV &gt;!evut».n g|
 ehe permit* wm magVt hear! h&gt; bear
 1 he rial rf pnaer—yu*r fcifttcr brow to wear
 Tha firtteriit* barigr of i—rCTrijuly, »hc sUll
 l&gt;w»»U, MHwwa, (Ucuccpcrrai her wk ill.
 H taknu may art, itctennine, »(pcuvc»
 Still (be prune mover i» nud aawt be lute."
 To expatiate upon the social condi
 tion of woman, and to exhibit man;
 traits in the female character, is a loft*
 touching, and lovelj theme. It islofty
 as it opens a field for the investigatioi
 of all the nobler qualities of the bumai
 mind, it is touching and lovely, as ii
 them arc exhibited the emotions of tht
 heart, the moving springs that promp
 I to deeds of charity and mercy. Ii
 ‘them, wc discover the source of fh&lt;
 tender sensibilities and moral affections
 While panegyric sinks before the name
 of Hemans, Sigourney, and many oth
 ers made immortal by their literary pro
 ductions, it may not he uninteresting t&lt;
 notice some of the relations incident t&lt;
 them as social beings, and which an
 important to them, either as sccurinj
 their happiness or misery.
 Woman in our social compact occu
 pies a position, apparently, so elevated
 so merited, and so firmly established
 that it tnay hardly be thought, by some
 (to furnish afield of sufficient interestt
 attract our attention, or demand i
 flourish of the pen. If it is true, tha
 the social relations, in this our belovei
 land, secure to woman all the privilege
 and rights which Heaven designei
 should fall to her lot, she now partici
 pates, what has required centuries V
 effect. The benign influences that nov
 cluster aioird her pi.l’i, a e ti e resul
 of that expansion of intellect, and tha
 development of the moral attributes
 that age» alone produced. The variou
 causes, that combined to work the vas
 changes, the benefit of which she nov
 experiences, are found in revelation
 have been multiplied by the progress c
 science—owe their origin to the ligh
 of Christianity, and present an inter
 'esting feature of the annals of the pasi
 But it is not true, that even in bur lam
 of warm hearts and open hands,*’ sir
 receives the regards her natural abili
 ties and the important position she oc
 cupics demand. She moves within i
 sphere, the radiating influences of whicl
 are to be pure, lovely, holy, or of th
 most debasing character, proportional
 to the nature of the fountain fron
 whence they spring. She moulds eacl
 successive generation. She impresse
 the youthful mind with a signet tha
 time connot efface that rcachc
 through and takes a firm hold of im
 mortality,
 Tlten nay to mother*, what a holychacry
 Is theirs; with \\h:»t a kingly power tlteiylove
 Might rule die fountain of the new-born /.ullcct.”
 Art may embellish, rigid sc ence maj
 expand and expose to view t le hidder
 treasures of the mind; but is left, tt
 the soft pencilings of the giftet mother’s
 hand, to impress on the heart J in livin'
 characters, the attribute to be prizei
 above all others, virtue. If such, then
 be her heavenly calling, how lovoly
 how sacred her mission! She is not
 gemless casket.” The field of he
 labor is as broad as time itself, and a
 varied as her eccentricities of charac
 ter. lllest with a versatility of geniu
 by nature—equal to or surpassing tha
 of her self-created lord—it is soon de
 veloped when brought within the influ
 ence of civilization, and burnished b
 the spirit of refinement. There is i
 chord running through society, touchei
 by the magic of her hand, whose vibra
 tions every heart can feel. Do vv&lt;
 turn to the pages of antiquity to lean
 her early history, we there often fini
 the impress of her lovely character.—
 In the most ancient record to which w&lt;
 have access, we find that woman wa
 created equal with man, or that in tin
 creation, the term man is to be takei
 in its generic sense, as comprehendin'
 both sexes, and for reasons thereii
 given, we find the following declaration
 That man shall leave his father am
 mother, and shall cleave unto his wife
 and they shall be one flesh,” whicl
 shows in what light the Creator of thi
 human family regarded the marital ob
 ligations, and the equality of the sexes
 And that woman, at an early day, exer
 cised an influence over man, is striking
 ly exhibited in the case of Adam ant
 Eve. And as an evidence of the te
 nacity of female friendship, we have ar
 early example in the wife of Cain. Foi
 when God had pronounced sentence o
 banishment upon Cain, and put a marl
 upon him, his wife endured with meek
 ness the mortifying sentence, anc
 cheerfully with him suffered the pen
 alty.
 An.%l!.—“ Cain* thou hast heard wc must go forth
 1 am ready;
 So (iliall &lt;&gt;ur children be. I will beat
 Enoch,
 And y«u lm nister. F.rc the sun declines,
 Let us depart, nor walk Uie wilderness
 Under the clou-1 of night. Nay, speak to
 me,
 To me—thine own.
 Cai.v—Leave me!
 A uah —W hy, all have left thee!
 Cain—And wherefore Lmgerest thou? Dost thou
 not fear
 To dwell with one who liath done this?
 4 1»AH s I lear
 Nothing except toleav» tlw-c, mqrh as I
 Shrink fioin the deed that leaves thee
 brotherles*.
 My office is
 Henceforth to dry up tears, uot to shed them,
 But yet,of all who mourn, none mourn like
 me;
 Now, Ciin, I will divide thy burden with
 lime.
 -Ais—Eastward from Eden will we take our wav;
 i is the most desolate, and suits my step*".*’
 And if woman, by reason of par
 aking of the forbidden fruit, subjected
 lerself to the penulty of having her
 torrowg increased, and that man should
 •ule over her—Christianity teaches us
 hat this sway should not be of a de
 qmtie and tyrannical nature; but oue
 &gt;f kindness, being interested for her
 welfare and the promotion of her hap
 &gt;incss. In early history, though doomed
 o suffer, through the neglect of man,
 &gt;r in consequence of ignorance, bar
 gain, and a debased state of s&lt;&gt;ciety
 ret ns the glittering diamond discovers
 tself in the dark/so has she, by the
 irilliant display of intellect, often burst
 he surrounding gloom and excited the
 dmiratum of the world.
 How 6oc ami «n:ir vi-Ilt*u th&lt;* Wibth- intellect u
 Ikaua’i I'rialiir! it a ium* ih» Imdy
 Ami light# it like a i-Ur. It ihim
 lunvrr; an-l like a watch-tow er
 Tu tin- iulitk l,abuwa tlwrc u a Luwl to come.**
 Her countenance, expressive with
the art legs smile that wins the heart
 graceful and elastic in her movement)
 ——gentle aod coaMior in her bearinc
 barbarism iuelf, uZfgk her
 sinks to pity. and melts to feeder »ym
 pathy. At her nod, the savage irtenn
 tat ions cease, the kindling fame h
 quenched,the avenger's hand belayed
 and tunocence, unoutraged, goes soul
 i ing oa her tray. If in the savage ©i
 hunter state, the position assigned hei
 1 is that of a menial slave—a beast o
 burden —and her beauty, her loveh
 uees, constitute the basis of her value
 relatively, she is as highlr prized ant
 as much appreciated by her wild untu
 tored lord, as she is by her enlightenet
 though hardly less severe trak-master
 in s state where art and science havt
 embellished, and brought into livelj
 exercise, powers, alike possessed bj
 her in nature, differing perhaps in de
 gree, whether bora, where
 The ftiiwMertng tenant of the frigid anae.
 Boldly proclaim* that happiest *pot hi* wii
 Kxil* die treasure* of hi* stormy *ra* f
 Atvl ku long itigiu* of rtrclry ami ease.”
 Or where
 The naked negro panting at the line,
 HoaMs of hi* gul-len saisl" ami palmy nine;
 Barks iiJtlcr glare, or stem* tlw&gt; trpugwmve.
 And thaimi his jlor all the good they gate.”
 Appreciation, then, in the savage 01
 civilized state, without the ability ami
 the disposition to elevate, is the same
 Relatively, there is but little difference
 in the social relations—as between the
 sexes—in any age. By the savage
 she is prised for possessing qualities
 that shall most and best conduce to hi)
 comfort and happiness. Among enlight
 cued,she is scare* 1/ prized for anythin*
 more or less. If in enlightened soci
 ety, she moves in a more exalted spher*
 —’tiseven so with the opposite sex.
 The gradual progress of civilizatioi
 and refinement, slowly elevated womai
 from her original situation, to a positioi
 I more congenial to her character an*
 I genius. No sooner eid the light of sci
 ence begin to dispel the darkness o
 barbarism, which had for ages broode*
 over the earth with the blackness o
 midnight, and begin to exert its genia
 influence ov- r the human mind, ener
 vated for centuries by superstition an*
 ignorance, than woman, with man, re
 leased from mental bondage, acquires
 a position in society more appropriat*
 and important. Men of enlightenet
 minds begin to esteem her for her rnanj
 virtues, and admire her lovely charac
 ter. Many were deified and venerate*
 equally with the male deities, which in
 dicates how much the sex by them wbi
 prized. Still, her condition in Greece
 the cradle of European intellect an*
 civilization, show that, even whei
 Greece was at the zenith of here re
 finement and glory, woman had noi
 acquired that station in society whicl
 her genius peculiarly fitted. By the
 forced and artificial institutions o:
 Sparta,she was taught to cultivate anc
 admire those qualities w'hich belong
 exclusively to the masculine sea
 —to wrestle, almost in a state of nudity,
 promiscuously with men; to rejoice
 over ths death of her son if he fell
 gloriously in battle; to practise the
 crime of infanticide upon her too feeble
 offspring, and to sacrifice every femi
 nine quality to the military success o
 the republic.
 At Athens, the birth place of tast*
 and refinement, the value of intellect
 ual female society was better acknowl
 edged and felt. But there, usage an*
 custom, more despotic and more tyran
 nical than law, exacted of virtuous ant
 ingenuous woman a life of seclusion.—
 Hence, but few attained to much dis
 tinction and they highly accomplish
 cd, celebrated by poets, courted b)
 philosophers and princes, sustaining
 doubtful characters, ruled the world o
 taste, beauty, and refinement, an*
 usurped among the spiritual and beautj
 loving Greeks those regards that be
 long to purity and virtue alone.
 It remains, then, for Civilization an*
 Christianity combined, to give her tha
 high position -evidently designed bj
 God, and to secure to her the full frui
 tion of all the immunities that her na
 tural capacities and the advantages o
 civilization claim for her. The inor*
 expanded her intellect the pure]
 her virtue—the severer her chastity—
 the more exalted will be her position
 the more powerful the influence slit
 will exert over man. She being an ob
 ject of man’s solicitude, the more h*
 associates with her, the more will his
 character assimilate itself to hers. Tn
 a principle in morals, no less true thar
 1 its consequences are terrible or com
 mendable, that man assimilates hirnsel
 to the character of the object he loves
 or worships. If he admires the con
 tentious and brawling woman, he will
 soou become a warlike and villanous
 man. If he admires that feature of tlic
 female character which is symbolical
 of the moral attributes, virtue, chastity,
 love, and everything that gives life and
 energy to godlike acts, the hard, un
 malable parts of his moral fabric be
 come softened, and soon his whole char
 acter is changed. His lion-like ferocitv
 is subdued. His gross nature is soon
 refined, and as by magic, the hard
 hearted, hard-fisted man, the groveling,
 niggardly cormorant becomes the pol
 ished gentleman.
 Does the world of letters, or the vast
 field of human science, present to the
 gifted inind allurements that success
 ively draw into deep exercise every ele
 ment of the intellectual combination,
 the literary conflict won, the mystic
 problem solved, the charm that held the
 inind, thus taxed to its extremest
 stretch, now seeks repose. And where
 can it be found, but with the sublime,
 the heaven-born influences that alone
 can be enjoyed where the social rela
 tions are kept pure and sacred. Tis
 there that the mental or physical labor
 looks for that enjoyment which nowhere
 else cau be found. 'Tis there that the
 exhausted mind is ready to acknowledge
 the truth, that though
 Witloa may act, determine, or approve,
 Still the prime mover is and utiiet lie love.”
 II matters little whether we coin
 template Palmyra's proud and gifted
 queen, issuing from her lofty gates up
 on the plains that surround that ancient
 but gorgeous eitv, with her countless
 legion* enlisted in her cause to the
 death,” through the magic of her
 queenly bearing—a token of her resist
 less sway—to mingle in bloody carnage,
 hand to hand with her enemies; or at
 her bidding, burst from the conflict, to
 seek protection from the sanguine field
vithin the city’a walls; or whether tre
 listen to the wisdom ami fttwer of her
 counsels, when in the audit of her aa-j
 sembled ministers of State, men gifted
 in aM the learning of their time, and]
 having much experience, she -astounds 1
 them with the vastnettof her mighty
 projects, elicits their profound alientkat
 by the beauties and reasonableness of,
 her logic; end in the originality of her,
 designs, alike excites their wonder and;
 admiration. In speechless amazement
 they listen till the pleasure of thought
 becomes painful, till they can no longer
 restrain their emotions, and then, nr
 accents of merited applause, siraulta- 1
 neously break out with, Long live our
 matchless Zeno bis!” 1
 It matters little, whether we contest
 Slate the long celebrated Cleopatra, by
 er beauty, her fascinations, subjecting
 to her sway the conqueror of a world,
 a Caesar, one of the greatest warriors
 of which history speaks, or when sum
 moned to the Judgment Hall to receive
 sentence of expatriation or death—we
 behold her, by artifice, subvert the
 channels of justice, win to her favor
 and excite the admiration and love of
 her judge—forgetful of other martial
 obligations—and obtain the half an em
 pire. If wc are surprised that she
 could so hold enslaved the atTections of
 an Anthony, a Triumvir of the Roman
 Empire, as that he should stab himself
 on hearing of her death, we can hardly
 he less astonished to witness her giving
 audience, at the same time, to seven
 different nations, speaking their lan
 guages as fluently as her own. With
 out multiplying examples, I say it mat
 ters little in what aspect we view the
 mighty influences these heroines, cen
 turies past, exerted over the destinies
 of men and empires. On either hand
 we see their fearful power. In it we
 recognize those remarkable traits, often
 strikingly exhibited in the female char
 acter, which commend them to us as
 objects worthy our profound regard and
 deep solicitude, which furnishes evi
 dence that rather militates against the
 somewhat accredited doctrine, that
 “man is the lord of creation,” and
 evidence that the term man, when used
 in this connection, is to be taken in its
 generic sense; and evidence, too, that,
 in this-universal administration, neither
 one could with propriety say to the
 other, I have no need of thee.” If,
 then, the deduction drawn be true, and
 is, that it would be hazardous to anni
 hilate from the face of the earth either
 species of the human family, the con
 clusion follows that the relations
 between the two are and must be
 of a deeply interesting character; that
 these relations should be fostered with
 the greatest care, the interests of each
 should ever be regarded as the mutual
 interest of both. That as they are
 concomitants of the physical world,
 only moving in different spheres, and
 are each, by their immortality, equally
 allied to the spiritual existence; the ir
 physical being should be nurtured, edu
 cated, exercised, differing only as to
 the orbits in which they move; while
 their spiritual being should he equally
 subject to and receive the same disci
 pline. Then away with the idea, that
 after man, woman was created, to pan
 der to his wants, his passions, appetite
 and lust. Woman was horn to a no
 ble, more exalted, holier calling. And
 of that day, when she shall fully enjoy
 the high behests that her calling merits,
 we may well say,
 S\vc«:t day, s-i pure, so mlin, so bright.
 Tin: bi Mai of the earth and sk\
 Though, possibly, her mind may not be
 so strong and penetrating as that ol
 man, yet, doubtless, she possesses 'a
 greater versatility of genius. Whilt
 the one is cumbrous and sluggish in its
 movements, and like time moves slowly
 on, the other, with its natural elasticity
 and quickness of apprehension, grasps
 subject after subject in quick suc
 cession.
 Is she desirous of figuring in th«
 world of letters, she soon attains tt
 literary distinction. Does she crav&lt;
 her minstrelsy, the muse,at her bidding
 adds numbers to her song. By her fre
 quent investigations of developments ir
 solid soience, she soon merits more
 solemn praise. If like man, she i:
 subject to passion, while the fortnci
 feels but little compunction of con
 science for his crime, she, like Althea,
 kills herself in grief. Patient, enduring,
 she is scarcely less irresistible that
 man in the accomplishment of anv ob
 ject. That she possesses a large share
 of man’s affections, in every age ol
 the world, is now too well under
 j stood to require further argumentative
 support.
 The heathen idolator, having but a
 faint idea of the Christian’s God,deifies:
 the object of his youthful passion. Hei
 spirit having flown to the spirit land,
 fruitful in his imagination as to the
 transit of the cherished object of hia
 devotions, and subject to wild vagaries,
 the fruitful progeny of ignorance, he
 thinks he discovers in the starry pano
 ply a new constellation, It is the lonely
 star of his idolatry. It is to him the
 spirit of his love, beckoning him hence
 to join her in her celestial residence.—
 And if he does not at once, with the
 hand of desperation, give exit to his
 life, he sacrifices to the object of his dei
 fication, with a devotedness that should
 put to shame the faint adoration of the
 Christian worshipper. If, then, ’tis
 thus, that by the heathen—a people
 with whom virtue and chastity possess
 no charm, and speak a language un
 heard by the savage ear woman is
 regarded, what a rising greatness
 awaits her when a knowledge of the
 arts and sciences and refinement shall
 supersede ignorance and barbarism—
 when fanaticism, superstition and big
 otry shall give place to the peaceful
 elevating influences of Christianity.
 By nature, she is fittted to occupy a
 position as elevated and dignified as her
 self-created master. And though she
 is often treated by him as his drudge,
 or a convenient piece of household fur
 niture, tis but a striking evidence of
 his mental imbecility and moral depra
 vity. It argues nothing against her:
 being as intellectual as himself, or that
 she is not admirably calculated to ad
 minister to his physical pleasures and to
 his mental entertainmeut-—to check the
 outbreaking* of hia more violent nature
 —to soften the too hard features of bis
 sterner character—to cultivate (he more
 tinder feelings of his soul, and to exart
 upon him that pacifying influence with*
 out which he had been a brute.
A SINGULAR STORY.
 A ewWMoadetit of the National Erl
 translated the following article fromtftrt
 Magsain Uahrvml, published in Paris.
 I am about to recount a story,
 which, like man/ others of the sann
 kind, Mr. Thomason, a missionary, ban
 lately told in a public meeting held oi
 the subject of slavery.
 ’A young physician, of much meril
 and knowledge, made a journey Aon
 his native town in one of the Northers
 1 States to a town in Mississippi. This
 young man, whose name was Wallis,
 took lodgings in a furnished house.—
 The mistress of it, a young warn as
 about twenty years old, inspired in hia
 the most ardent love. Although th&lt;
 color of the young woman was not o;
 the purest white, the doctor having n&lt;
 prejudice against the colored race, of
 fered her his hand, which was accepted
 The marriage took place almost secret
 ly, and the happy couple went soon af
 terwards to establish themselves in
 Washington, in the District of Colum
 bia.
 They had not been there long, where
 they lived peaceably and retired, when
 one morning an in&amp;vidual, who had the
 appearance of a gentleman, presented
 himself at Dr. Wallis’s, under the pre
 tence of business. The conversation
 proceeded, when the stranger address
 ed the following indiscreet question tc
 the doctor:—
 Did you bring a woman with you
 from the South, sir?’*
 No, sir; I do not understand you.”
 How!” rejoined the stranger; “did
 not your wife come with you from Mis
 sissippi
 “I believe she was born in that
 country,” said the doctor.
 Well your wife, as you call her, is
 piy slave; and unless you pay me im
 mediately nine hundred dollars for her
 purchase, I will, to-morrow advertise
 her as a runaway slave. In fact, she
 is worth a thousand dollars at least;
 but, as you have married her, 1 will
 abate something.”
 Your slave!” exclaimed the aston
 ished doctor that is impossible.”
 Whether you believe me or not,”
 cried the ether, “you must give her up,
 or pay the money.
 If, in twenty-four hours, the money
 is not sent to my hotel, I promise you,
 my dear sir, that you will see the name
 of Mrs. Wallis in the newspapers, as
 that of a fugitive slave.”
 As soon as the man was gone,. the
 loctor went to his wife, whose good
 ]ualitics, virtues, and graces, rendered
 ler so dear to him.
 “My dear angel,” said he, “when
 ive were married, were you a slave?”
 Yes, I was, she confessed, at the
 same time shedding abundant tears.”
 “Why did you not tell me before
 the ceremony was performed?”
 I did not dare do it. Could I have
 expected you would ally yourself to e
 slaver”
 Well, now I know it, I will give
 the nine hundred dollars required, foi
 I love you too much to consent to a
 separation.”
 During this short dialogue, Mrs.
 Wallis was laboring under the most
 lively agitation. She asked her hus
 band to describe the appearance of the
 claimant, which he did as exactly as
 possible; then he asked her whether
 the description answered to that of her
 ancient master.
 Yes,” said she, casting down her
 eyes; he is more than my master; he
 is iny father.”
 THEODORE D. WELD.
 Mr. Stanton, while on his way tc
 Washington, called on that remarkable
 man, and thus writes in the Emanci
 pator:
 “I spent half a day with Theodori
 D. Weld. He is living somewhat
 retired on his farm at Belleville, New
 Jersey, about ten miles from this city,
 Though his views of some subject*
 have materially changed from what
 they were when in years gone by, his
 helmet shone conspicuous in the thick
 est of the fray, he is still an observant
 spectator of the great conflict; and in
 my judgment, certainly in my hope,
 the time is not far distant when he will
 again mingle in humanity's battle.
 Would it not bo a gallant sight to sec
 the early champion of the Anti-Slavery
 enterprise once more with shield and
 buckler, and lance in rest, taking the
 field! How his clear and courageous
 voice, soundiug to the charge, used tc
 send the life-blood of freedom galloping
 through the veins of the consecrated
 host!” What compactness of argu
 ment—what keenness of analysis—
 what fertility of illustration what
 splendor of imagination—what fervor
 of appeal—what mastery of the vast
 outlines and of the minute details of
 question, used to mark his efforts with
 tongue and pen! And though he is
 now in retirement, and may never strike
 another blow for the cause, and may
 sink into his grave years hence almost
 forgotten, yet who shall complain?
 During the five years he labored as
 incessantly, he did the work of an age.
 But I hope his sun is not yet set.
 Though his bodily health is impaired,
 he still has the physical vigor of no
 ordinary man, while his mind glows as
 brightly as of yore.
 Coal* or Fiux. A worthy old
 colored woman in the cky of New
 York was walking one day along the
 street quietly smoking her pipe. A
 jovial sailor rendered a little mischie
 vous by liquor, came sailing down,
 and when opposite the old woman,'
 saucily pu»h&lt;&gt;d her aside, and with a 1
 pan of his hand, knocked the pipe out
 of her mouth. He than halted to hear
 her fret at his trick and enjoy a laugh
 at her expense. But what was his as
 tonishment when she meekly picked up
 the pieces of her broken pipe, witkout
 the least resentment in tier manner;
 and giving him a dignified look of min
 gled sorrow, kindness, and pity, said,
 God forgive you, my son, as l do.',
 —lt touched a tender chord in the
 heart of the rude tar. He felt asham
 ed, condemned, and repentant. The
 tear started in his eye—he must make
 reparation. He heartily confessed kis
 error, and thrusting both hands into kit
 full pockets of change, forced the con
 tents upon her, exclaiming, God
 bless you, kind mother. I’ll never do
 so again/*
Tins PARIS PRINTERS*
 About the middle of September, tbe
 t l journeyman printers of Peris made the
 i usual arrangements to celebrate their
 1 annual dinner. For several years not
 the slightest opposition bad been off*
 i ered to their so doing; particularly as
 the banquet was of a social and private
 1 character, wholly unconnected with
 politics. But already had miaistevs
 rand their friends entered upontbe false
 sod fatal path which led than to dam
 i- tructhm. The banquet was to have
 taken plate at a restaurant. Just as
 the body of workmen were about to «t
 down, a commissary of police ordered
 j them to disperse. Being backed, as
 tbe man in office was, by mi/nicioal
 guards and soldiers, the artisans, after
 protest, obeyed but, determined not
 1 to be baalked of their feast, demanded
 i permission of a printer, known for his
 liberal opinions, to meet on his private
 i premises, outside the town. The pritt-
 I ter seceded and as the law distinctly
 ,t allows meetings in a private bouse,
 j on the proprietor’s own responsibility,
 ,no fear was felt for the result. But,
 with the idea which now actuated the
 prefect of police, guided as he was by
 the cabinet, legality wan of little mo
 ment. Scarcely had the printers re
 assembled at the locale which had been
 generously placed at their disposal, era
 some hundreds of soldier*, municipal
 guards, and s commissary of police
 presented themselves anew, entered
 the printer’s house, and forcibly dis
 persed the assembly which, however,
 as a last resort, scattered itself in knots
 of ten and fifteen, in the neighbouring
 estaminets, restaurateurs, and wine
 shops. Here, however, again the
 indefatigable police appeared, and
 summoned the proprietors to turn them
 out. This insolent outrage excited
 little notice at the time but that it waa
 not without effect may be surmised
 from the fact that every journeyman
 printer in Paris turned out against the
 government during the three days ol
 February, 1848.— St. John'* Revolu
 tion in 1848.
 The Fate or the Investor or the
 Guillotine. —His retreat was so pro
 found that it was*sftid, and readily be
 lieved, that he, too, had fallen a victim
 to his own invention. But it was not
 so; he was indeed imprisoned during
 the Jacobin reign of terror, his crime
 being, it is said, (Gugot, p. 3,) that he
 testified an indiscreet indignation of i
 proposition made to him by D&amp;nton, tc
 superintend the construction of a triple
 guillotine. There is no doubt that a
 double instrument was thought of, anc
 it is said that such a machine wai
 made, and intended to be erected ii
 the great hall of the Palais de Justice
 but it was certainly never used, and w&lt;
 should very much, and for many rea
 sons, doubt whether it could have beei
 a design of Danton. The general jai
 delivery of the 9th Tliermidor release*
 Guillotin, and he afterwards lived, in i
 decent mediocrity of fortune, at Paris
 esteemed, it is said, by a small circle o
 friends, but overwhelmed by a deej
 sensibility to tbe great, though we can
 not say w holly undeserved, misfortune
 which had rendered his name ignomini
 ous, and his very existence a subject o
 fearful curiosity. He just lived to set
 the restoration, and died in his bed, ir
 Paris, on the k 26th of May, 1814, aged
 76. Quarterly Reticle.
 Precocity op Intellect.— Having
 watched the growth of the young mine
 a good deal, I am less and less in lov&lt;
 with precocity, which, indeed is often
 mere inanifestating of disease—the dis
 ease of a very fine, but very w eak ner
 vous organization. Your young Ros
 ciuses, and ail your wonders of tha
 kind, generally end in the feeblest o
 common-place. There is no law, how
 ever, precise and absolute in the mat
 ter. The difference of age at wbicl
 men attain maturity of intellect, am
 even of imagination, is very striking.—
 The tumultuous heat of the youth hai
 certainly given birth to many of the no
 blest things in music, painting and poe
 try; but no less fine productions hav&lt;
 sprung from the ripeness of years.—
 Chattcrton wrote all his beautiful thing!
 exhausted all hopes of life, and saw
 nothing better than death at the age ol
 eighteen. Burns and Byron died in
 their thirty-seventh year, and I think
 the strength of their genius was over.
 Raphael, after filling the world with di
 vine beauty, perished at thirty-seven;
 1 Mozart earlier. These might have pro*
 duced still greater works. On the other
 1 hand, Handel was forty-eight before he
 gave the world assurance of a man.”
 Dryden came up to London from the
 provinces, dressed in Norwich drugget,
 somewhat above tbe age of thirty, and
 did not even know that he could write
 a line ot poetry. Yet what towering
 vigor and swinging ease all at once in
 glorious John!” Milton had, indeed
 written his Comus at twenty-sax; but
 blind, and fallen on evil daya and
 evil tongues,” he was upward of fifty
 when he began his great work. Cow
 per knew not bis own might till he waa
 far beyond thirty, and his Task waa not
 written till near his fiftieth year. Sir
 Walter Scott was also upward of thirty
 before he published bis Minstrelsy, and
 all his greatness was yet to come.—
 Aird’s Old Bachelor.
 Time Lost.— -One of the sands in
 the hour-glass of time is, beyond com
 parison, more precious than gold. In
 nothing is waste more ruinous, or more
 sure to bring unavailing regrets. Bet
 ter to throw away money than mo
 ments for time is much more than
 money. As we lose oar days, we
 incur an increasing risk of losing our
 souls. “The lifo-blord of the soul
 runs out in wasted time.” The years
 which have winged their flight have
 gone to the recording angels; and
 what is the report they have borne
 to heaven?” Will the record testily
 for us or against us, when the throne
 of the Son of Man shall be’ set, and
 Uu book* shall be opened
 —u-... i
 Faasisii Wisdom.—lt is said that in
 the Treasury of one of tbe monarch* of
 Penis, was found a vase, with the fol
 lowing lines tinged with humor as
 well as philosophy, inlaid in gold:—
 “He who has wo wealth, has no
 credit; be who has wot an oheftjenl
 wifo, has no repose; he who bar no off*
 •P*»g, has no strength; ha who has
 none of these, Uvea free from every
 care!”
Slbocrtistnunts.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES
 H’HE Mwribtfi are nurturing this inrahiaUe
 A Conking drrigdrd 6# leal or W,**f r
 eaerl any other store «rr mrnitH,
 wal roartrartrd strictly npna philosophic .d prior ink*.
 TV Ot*m heated by hot air, (the only hot air oreu
 I«f&lt;e pMtatrd.) ud evnaifd to bake o well a*
 any hrirk orea. Far sale onK by thr andrtrsigned,
 whultiank tad retail, t 4, Eidaafr Ptwt.
 H. Bl SH k CO.
 OWEN MORRIS’ cTtYBINPERY
 emk r«» morrow—lair nswaa fc morris.
 MB. MORRIS vu in ik employ of Mr. Martin
 None far arm yem&gt;, and daring that time
 pwied far him fan HiH«r Medals, fur the best
 ■uritns of Book Bimtiog, exhibited at the Me
 cMurin' Fair* held is this city and Buffalo.
 flialltaMili Libraries fated itp and rrfiired
 Mwmc F*p*r rated; Mude and rrriodieai* I*.tow I
 and hided In any pattern. Blank Artient Hooka
 aurami a* this estanKshment hare ghen am «ji»Hed
 i satisfaction, by their dnrafdlity and elrffaiwr. Strict
 attention is always paid to thr (poddy of paper i».&lt;cd,
 1 to trader the no canal to the best in the lulled States
 ar those iMM.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Gaard Books,'d Moms and
 Portfolios, ia an their rarirtics, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Baaks, Institutions. Societies, hr., may be
 1 assured of work being done on the must ndvanUge«u*
 liriw.
 Gentlrmen resiling at a distanee, by packing ami
 forwarding roHnnrs to the alette directi, n*, Mating
 i price and style, may rely upon ilieir l&gt;ein; well bumf
 |an tlie most hmralik; terms, also carefully and
 punctwi fly rrturwei I.
 R.B. The proprietor Ime spared nra expense in
 fating ap the ntdiliohm at, and iuUodaemg into
 Western New York the bh-4 iaprmtßitnu ms
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 PiK Rnularv nskalne llui \l l lit
win mwnwMißmT
CLARKSON,
 LONDONJEDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW ndn of CLARKSON&gt; HISTORY'
 f»F THE ABOLITION OF THE SI..U t,
 TRADE, with prefatory nmirki on the Mil s&lt;
 abolition of Slavery; a beautiful Isuiilon win m u,
 I with a fine PiNPlrait of the Author, ii&lt; ne on steel, —-v
 book which could not be imported fer less than tlirw
 dollars, ran be had at 21, t.'oinhill, if pl.cd f r
 immediately,at the very low price of Oni Dm t ik,
 cash. Ahai, EILOGICM OM CLARKSON, by
 Ai.EkanDr.il Crvmmell, at U* reduced (nice ul
 twelve and a half rents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Ji., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, B rarer’. Building, State Sin et.
 JOSEPH H. Tl RPIJi would invite ihr attention
 of his friends and the poblir to his DAtil l !J
 -RIAN ft AI.I.ERV, TVo. 138, Honmrr Slrnt, f.cv«*
 he pledges himself to execute Miniatures w ith a liir
 like finish, ami on as moderate trims as any oll.tis
 'i the profession.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 14, Brattle Stri ct, having
 maale recent additions to his stock, is on pared ic»
 furnish BOVS’ CLOTH 1 NCI y of as good material
 and fit, and at as dump pi ires, as can Is: id tained in
 die city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Chios Strutt, Bostoh.
 JOHN Rtf HIT keeps Constantly on hand jt
 great Variety of New ami Second Hand Clothing-
 Goods of all kimls, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Slu.es, &amp;c„ exchanged for in w
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of g„o,!s,
 from one to one huadsed dollars.
 TOHN D. RF.VALFON, lfnir timing g U„,
 I O and Perfumery Empoiium, 114, Black-tone t
 I
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 i PATER of tlio above name will 1&lt;» j»t _J| n
 XL Wilmington, by the Delaware Anti-Slav. M
 Society. It will lie edited by a Committer, anti will
 be published on a half medium sheet, at tin nH-tive
 i cent P* &gt;rar, or for twenty-four uumlei s. It «ill.l e
 devoteil to emancipation in DeLiw are, and w iil
 v.H-ate its accomplishment by all law lui means. It
 will he ptililislii'ii semi-moiitlilv, if means are af
 forded, or as often as the means can I* oMiiinrd.
 JAMES B. BROOKE
 Publishing Agent.
 NORTH AMITONJYATEIi CTRE.
 r.- E !T c,rici, r n&lt; IlySropntliy.
 IE piil.lir are respectfully ii.fi,lined, that siren
 the philosophical deductions ol the k ained I r
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the m i,-Mite
 experiments of Mr. Hernimr of Englnm!,* s ,ve
 recently nod indubitably established the fact, flat
 the com-htshms at which the utidei signed m rived I v
 the of toiM-li, in 1844, are in hainn v\ with
 natural and j»l )*iolt tjital lan to v it, ti nt li e
 Irnmnn body, m a healthy condition, is in a
 fhrtnrnl Mtotr, and that the lectiical nmnali, i .u
 fr«n» the ruticular surface, indicate la alth, or tl o
 symptoms nail character of disease—time is n e
 »p h«,|&gt;e, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
 winch is essential to the safe ami intelligent pi aclice
 of the healing art, will cense their TiM'iJeiutions
 against the Positivr KI.ECTriCAI. HTATKiftle
 human borhr, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from srrkmg nature's remedy at the Norths ms-
 TO/ WATKR CUHt. Thus sustained bv the light
 of science, Urn undersigned may lu- prim'd led hie
 to repeat Ins experience, that, in all case- ul., ic ti e
 wrist, stomach, or long*, are in the rfertro-m-atiy e
 condiiKm, the jwtieul is beyond tin- cower of water
 toaflordrehef On the other hand, »l K n th« ,an»
 of the body alluded to, are in tin* leetio-m sitive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to bore
 for a cure. 1
 Had not the results of past yrarts* practice
 alremljr convmeod the public of the safety ,\r trtrfh
 -1 fu,ne principle. by which the umfersigned is
 i governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 d T"*' tlm cure, the recent scien
 j title dcmoastratioQ of their corretrtwrss, by Professor
 i SrinlJliisw""' M
 Gratefully appreciating the credit ,o g.-ncroo-hv
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic pram
 timer, by a discerning puMir, ami the grafitm'e
 i eT c d *7 whom lie lm« bad the M .rc to
 I u l tlw r c&lt; ,H pla»„ts, tlm umlersigiM,| will
 I ““HltmoslyemfeaTia- to sustain the credit, and merit
 ia gra Hude, in tiie case of every invalid who may
 Mm a to effect a cure, by h«
 ,ld of practice.
 i Vm* i, pleasantly site
 -1 Kr-tef* U k Licking
 I *°V 11 *»n»e»ießt»v
 I T P T* te d,e&gt;,-
 fiw Lmlm. am GentfenH,., w, II sent,l
 -f amd and e«™e.Uy fu.ni.he,! k-lging rooms, ami
 I aimndaure, p«,rty, ami a«lapteih«„ t„ waterwmn
 PwrVMn, m unsurpassed hy that of anv otlwr esta-
 WmW* in this country. The srem-ty U ,is
 Virmity pifure«|oe sml romantic, 'i fa r, are
 walks, sudirfently retired, i» 1
 water-cure patients to apfear as tbev should,
 pmrnty dressed, enjoying tlteir rsinUf without
 ■•mg exposed to public gate or ofaservaiion.
 Am»mg the eotupiaiui' winch arv fere am ecssfeHy
 mttw],»re headache, tendency ot M&lt;&lt;*ml t„ tJie Inwd,
 general ami nervous Woii
 7**» pwhnonuty afiisetum, liver com|,lnini, hun«
 i **K yto or ckrtHstc iitiamaistmn ot Us- U.weu,,
 pdes. dyspepsia, geuerat ,k kiKtv, arrv*u* sjk! spinal
 aTrnrisns. tndunuualory and chrunic rhsnmafism,
 y»%m, scbsUcu, lame luubs. JmtJj
 I"**, smisnioi and ery«,|M-las humors.
 AM purisms trim vwu this sstahiishmewi A
 ewe of imament, sbotdd furnish Omiuudu. with
 Awe enmfcrtaMes, three wmdfen Uw.kets, urc
 sygisrja;
 Terms hr treatment and board si m
 W Spn.-k, p.)o4e
 ESTkisrs oTin^r,
 Will fcn.-u
 Aixlnvk., Mmk UK. D W«!Ua.
 dirianuf tun’ healthy cor
 -y.-t _ yutnjM l fyetcui, win a positive *ut&lt;,
 r iHi the acfivm .4 tho
 2 *J.£ Wtt fenm the curiculxr suifeo timi
 S* r r* «ffrimems mads U Mr. Ilemimr ..f
 fci uMeoy W mi 322 imlwaied
 i???? uf paswire tkrtritily, ThissmphrMgu
 MMmtiu Upn« the surface, wehrlirye to I* imfe
 2* A healthful condition of the wfefe
 ?SS TT 3r *Aa when, from any caw*-, is
 w uWUUHshed or cwuies. diseasef aefioo ensurv.**
 i Akvwiwd br&lt;i«re the Medical College of
 vHUurgm, si dm iwnming of its ssnuul sresiow, Nov,
 8, 1817, by A. Means, A.M.. M.D.. Tr,s* *»o* of
 (wsmislrj and Phnmmn, ami IVdescor of Physical
 Skcfcnce pi Emory Cvlfege, Ga., page 23
