FREDERICK DOIHJLAI&amp;, r
 MR. DKLA.NV,
VOL. I. NO. n.
TIM If ORTH UTAH I* p»bli*ke* rrcr
 Friday* at If®. H, HalTula Street,
 {Opp-mtf tht Arcndr.)
 TERMS.
 gr^iSSisS!
 three tune* for «I.aur, 1
 lion, Urenty-lWe _______
 Idk+i** N,,,lTH toßUack
 BL4TERT in iw fanw anl a !vu U
 UsivsauL Em seif*™*; exalt tlie
 of |&gt;r«U« JtnEHITi; |ir&lt;ui»&lt;Mc the m&lt;»rjl am*
 tellertiiJ i«pn.W* of the Cot-‘&gt;«»:i&gt; I'rori e;
 the day of FREEDOM to the Tim it
 Million* of oor F.a»t*e*u Fkllow Coo*-.
 PUBI.ISHER’S NOTICES.
 v*. AH f.Kwmiiiratiuwi reblint to the bntiPt**
 mLUtrra of the jxioer, name* siAs'-nber*, rviuit
 1\ I i4 PuMi'luT.
 M- A r..O, anl all other* *onhn
 t.. I*' accurate, a:l I the Post
 |J County, aiwl tin* Stmr. Each MuWiU ri* im
 ■aedtttelv credited fi*r nionrv received* j
 frt- Anv t»er*on *en tins? m tlw payment for fair
 nahncr.lKri, to be fur wank- 1 to o.« add. r*s, may
 have a fifth o&gt;j*v for mu- year.
 fry AH letter* and communication* munt l&gt;e pust,
 paid.
 list of agents.
 M *&lt;n*cmnr.rrs.— R. F. Walcott. 21. Cor,hill.
 (Luton; Natlian J**lin*on, N&gt;* Be-ltunl; Horatio W
 Foster, Lowell; X. 1 j
 Evan*, Worcester Ronnie Suv, I hnmut.i,
 Charles .il. Seth, Spri'Hfiel I David
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter. 1 pt
 Mint:. —Oliver Dennett, Tort la'ul.
 Vr.iMioxT.—ltowlanl T. Rnhiwoii, 1-er-.
 riibiir?. i i
 Coy y KCTICCT. —Jonaf uan Leonard, nden.
 Nkw If tersHlßE.—Weaie I appan. Urn Horn. I
 E w Vork—Sv laev 11. Hay, 142, Nassau
 Str-et; J..n-« M-CuV S nidi, 93, West Broadway
 Joseph Post, Westhmy, Qncc’i Conntv Marvllar
 rvr, Vlha-iv Elias D »’tv. Maee lon; Willett* Kcesc,
 Tern. Clinton Conntv; William S. Ralumore, Irov;
 J. F. Flail, Penn Van; J. Jefrcy, lienc-va; h. U
 IMalt, Rath.
. —Am:\raney T ame. 1 rovnleaco.
 I* w. nn*vi.v vn i \J. M. M’Kim, M, North n
 Street, PhiUh lphia; &lt;i. W. tioines, S, Ev ha itV*
 Place, Ditto; 11. Vashon, R. Down, Pittsburg;
 William Wliipper, C iln nbia; Isaac Jacob
 1,, p.ixo i, Norristown, Montgomery County, Milo
 A. Towawen I, New Brighton.
 —Christian D nialdaon, Cincinnati; W
 Carter, Ditto; V.ih atine Nicholson, HarVeysburgh,
 Warren County", Samuel I'rooke. Salem.
 Mich in t —R iliert Banks, Detroit.
 I s til a N a.— Joed I*. Davis, Economy, W ovne Lo.
Communication.
REV. JOHN LELAND.
 Pear Dol-ci.ass:—ln lurking ovci-j
 your paper of the Tth inst., I phiv, un-j
 Ilcr the head of Reminiscences of a
 Slave,” a thing that grieved me much.
 In a fictitious work (written l&gt;y an ex-,
 judge of Otsego, county,) entitled thtv
 iTife and Opinions of Julias Mel
 bourne, a reputed Slave, with sketches
 of opinions of several eminent gwitle
 inen upon the subject of slavery, tliCi
 late Rev. John Leland, of Berkshire,;
 Mass., is introduced and made to stand
 us the representative-' ot all the thin
 souled pro-slavery clergy of the free
 States of this Union.
 Having enjoye d rcli n ious 1 tt
 from Elder Leland during fmiy years
 of my life, and, now that he is dead,
 have’ a volume of 710 pages of his
 posthumous works before me. 1 feel,
 assured that nothing could have been
 farther from tlie head or heart of that
 eminent disciple of Christ, than to be,
 in any sense, the advocate ot slavery".
 That Elder Leland was acquainted with
 slavery, is true, having lived in Yii
 ginia from 1770 to 1700, a period ot
 14 years,during which time he travelled
 over most of the State, and preached
 with great success to people ot all col
 ors and conditions. I lc baptized during
 that period 700 persons, including ma
 ny slaves. In negro quarters, and all
 other quarters where sin and misery
 abounded, there he was never ashamed
 to he found in the active pursuit ot his
 ministerial duties, always depending
 upon the labor ot his own hands and the
 voluntary contributions of the people
 for his support.
 Although he lived to be 80 years old
 and devoted 07 of them to preachi tg
 lhc gospel, he never locked up meeting
 Louses, nor gave encouragement tt
 ruffian mobs until brickbats and rotten
 eggs, to put down arguments that lit
 might hare deemed erroneous, but was
 .always ready to meet every question o!
 public interest openly, in broad day, in
 tree discussion, otten repeating a la
 vorite maxim of his, that “error ceases
 ito be dangerous when truth is left froi
 to combat it.” If Elder Leland viewed
 the African people ot our country as
 the weaker class, as it is very probable
 he did, that circumstance alone was
 sufficient to enlist his whole'soul in then
 cause, and against their oppressors,
 believing, us did many patriots of his
 day, that “resistance to tyrants was
 obedience to God.” On leaving Vir
 ginia in 1791, at the close of his labor:
 in that State, he published a vale
 dictory address to the people, in wliicl
 he says;
 Before 1 close, 1 wish to add
 word iti behalf ot* the poor negroes
 und speak lor those who are not sotierec
 to speak fur themselves. J ain heurtih
 glad that the spirit ot masters hu
 greatly übated since 1 have been ii
 Virginia. It is now confessed by man;
 that negroes can feel injuries, hunger
 pain and weariness, and I hope thi
 spark of good tire will be raised to i
 fiaine in due time. I confess that I at
 not as much shocked to see them na
 ked, gaunt and trembling, as I wa
 when I came into the Slate. The ah
 ject subordination, and things relative
 thereto, do not a fleet me as they one
 did, so fatal are bad customs; but
 can never be recouc.led to the keeping
 of them nor can 1 endure to see om
 man strip ami whip another,%s free bj
 nature as himself, without the inter
 fereijce of u magistrate, or any beirq
 or thing to check his turbulent wili.-
 Klavery, in its best appearance, is i
 violent deprivation ot the rights of na
 fure, inconsistent with republican gov
THE NOBTH STAR,
emment, destructive of every human
 and benevolent passion of the soul, and
 subversive of that liberty absolutely
 necessary to ennoble the human mind.
 Let me ask whether heaven has nothing
 better in store for these poor negroes
 than those galling chains If so, ye
 ministers of Jesus, and saints of the
 Most High, yc wrestling Jacobs, who
 have power with God, and can prevail
 over the angeds, let your prayers, your
 ardent prayers, ascend to the throne of
 God incessantly, that he may pour the
 blessing of freedom upon the poor
 blacks. How Vould every heart rejoice
 to see the halcyon day appear, the
 great jubilee usher in when the poor
 slaves, with a Moses at their head,
 should hoist up their standard, and
 march out of bondage! Or what would
 be still more elating, to see the power
 of the gospel sp effectual, that the lion
 and the lainb should be together; all
 former insults and revenges forgotten;
 the name of master and slave be bu
 ried; every yoke broken, and the op
 pressed go free but not empty away!”
 In a pamphlet entitled the Virgina
 Chronicle, published in 171KJ, Eider
 Iceland has given to the w-orld a more
 extended view of slavery, from which 1
 beg leave to extract a few sentences to
 show his extreme unlikenesa to that
 portion of the American clergy which
 the author of the above fiction intended
 lie should represent:
 “The whole scene of slavery is
 pregnant with enormous evils. On the
 master’s side, pride, haughtiness, domi
 nation, cruelty, deceit, and itiUblcnce;
 and on the si :e of the slave, ignoi nnce,
 servility, fraud, perfidy and despair. If
 these and many other evi’.s attend it,
 why not liberate them at on&lt;?C
 W ould to Heaven this w'ere done! The
 sweets of rural and social life will never
 he enjoyed until it is the case. The
 voice of reason (or perhaps the voice
 of covetousness) says it is not the work
 of a day; time is necessary to accom
 plish the important work. A political
 evil requires political measures to re
 form.”
 Again, nft&lt; r speaking of some ima
 ginary obstacles to their emancipation,
 lie says:
 Hut one thing is pretty certain, that
 fancy can hardly point out how they
 could serve tiic whites worse than the
 whites now serve them. Something
 be done! May Ileaven point out
 that something, and may the people he
 obedient. If they are not brought out
 of bondage in mercy”’, with the consent
 of their master, I think they will he, by
 judgment, against their consent.”
 “The poors laves,under all their hard
 ships, discover trtf ineimatron Un
 religion as the free-born do. When
 they engage in the service of God, they
 spare no pains. It is nothing stiange
 for them to walk twenty miles on Sun
 day morning to meeting, and back again
 ut night. They nre rcmnikable for
 learning a tunc s ion, and have very
 melodious voices.”
 In an address delivered at North
 Adams, Mass., Elder Lcland, in speak
 ing of colonization and emancipation,
 said:
 The negro question, in cr.e view of
 it, lias been quiet ever since the ad
 mission of Missouri to the Union: hut
 in another view, it agitates the public
 mind. Some of the negroes in the
 United States have been imported from
 Africa, hut most of them arc American
 born. Some have descended from Ame
 rican parents more than ten genera
 tions. America is all the country they
 know, in which the bones and dust of
 their ancestors lie buried. All their
 relations and attachments are here.—
 Why then ship them to Liberia? How
 sacrilegious! Why not liberate them,
 and let them form into States, and treat
 them as sister States?
 When the grand emancipation is
 accomplished, and the black citi
 zens have formed into a State or States,
 within the existing States, or in the
 W estern Hemisphere, there w ill he no
 need to send any among them to teach
 them how to till the land, raise flocks
 and herds, or use the tools of mechan
 ism, for these things they understand.
 As many of them are good readers,
 they can keep their own schools, and
 the good gospel preachers among them
 will supersede the necessity of costly
 missionaries.”
 I he patiiolic and Christian labors of
 Elder I.eland closed on the 13th Janu
 ary, 1841, and to guard against all
 errors that might rise, and to confirm
 forever the great doctrines of his whole
 life, he prepared the following epitaph
 to he inscribed upon his grave:
 HEnr. i.ir.s the conv of
 REV. JOHN LELANL),
 of Cheshire,
 ho labored (J&lt; years to promote piety,
 and vindicate the civil aud
 religious rights of
 ALL MI X.
 W c will 11-ov "-i iiitw the above sen
 timents will comp ue with what the Ex-
 Judge and Lak Member of Con
 gress,” in his fictitious talc, has put into
 the mouth ol tins eminent statesman
 and Christian.
 And I, said Mr. Leland, say he
 ought not to be emancipated. Ido uot
 predicate my opiuion on the anatomical
 discoveries of r Mitchell, but I thuik
 the negroes are the children of Ham,
 and according- to the Bible, they are
 doomed to be the servants of servants.
 Besides, I am convinced from my own
 observation, and 1 have had a pretty
 good opportunity to observe, for l was
 two years a missionary to the slave
 holding States for a Massachusetts
 Baptist association, that the blacks are
 altogether inferior to the whites. They
 are, I assure you, low-minded and
 beastly in their propensities. They de
 sire nothing but to eat,*drink, fiddle,
 laugh, sleep and dance. For my part.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD 18 THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
i regard them as a mongrel species,
 halt* man and half ape.”
 As the book above alluded to is put
 forth under the auspices of a respected
 citizen, and as man/ of its readers will
 regard it as general!/ accurate in its
 illustrations of the distinguished char
 acters alluded to, I have deemed the
 above extracts from the Works of Elder
 Leiand worth/ of publication, as a just
 defence against the foulest of all asper
 sions that could be cast upon the name
 of that highly distinguished Christian
 and patriot.
 CUYLER TANNER.
 Richfield. N. Y.. April 22.
Selections.
LETTER FROM ROBERT DOUG
 LASS.

 Our friends in Eastern Pennsylvania
 will be glad to see the letter from Mr. I
 Douglass, late of Philadelphia, ft will!
 interest our readers generally to know
 that Robert Douglass is an artist of
 skill and promise, who, in this country,
 was unable to gain a livelihood by his
 profession, though he added to it that
 of a Daguerreotypist; and has there-:
 fore emigrated to a country where he i
 hopes the colors he uses, and the way
 he uses them, will be the test of hisj
 merit, rather than that upon his own'
 body, which he neither put on nor can
 rub off.— JS'utional Anti-Slavery Stand
 ard.
 Kingston, Jamaica,
 Feb. 29, 1848.
 Friend Gay: —We arrived here
 safely after a very tolerable voyage. 1
 was much impressed with the beauty,as j
 seen at a distance, of the high moun-j
 tains of this island, their greatest ele-j
 vation being, 1 am told, eight thousand'
 feet above the level of the sea. One,
 in particular, resembled a giant repos-'
 Lng, his profile distinctly visible against
 the soli light of the evening sky, the
 mist surrounding his capacious brow',
 giving the idea of a proper-fitting night
 cap. On landing, we found the city of
 Kingston exceedingly hot and dusty.!
 and the w’alking scarcely endurable.—
 The great numbers of the lower order
 running to and fro, almost all black,
 formed a striking feature. Most of them
 were chanting some air or ditty, which,
 upon listening to, 1 discovered to be a'
 hymn. I was impressed with their de
 votion, and inclined to believe that a
 population so fond of sacred music
 must certainly be a very honest one.—
 We must have had dealings with the!
 exceptions, how ever,'for we found some J
 of them great rogues; The rifcxt thing t
 that made a deep impression u*pon us,
 was the exhorbitant charges made for
 everything—board, lodging, and the,
 products of commence. Alcohol, which!
 I make use of in my busiucss, and
 which I have purchased at home f r til)
 cents the gallon, costs me here £1 the
 pint—and all oilier aitides aic in pro
 portion. There arc many Dagurrco
 typists here, principally Ameiican.—
 Some succeed—others do not.
 One cannot walk the streets without
 meeting groups of the unfortuntc Coo
 lies who have been so deluded by this
 Government, and so disappointed in
 their expectations. They are quite
 black, with regular features, slender
 figures, hair exceedingly black and
 straight; the men mostly wearing a
 mustache upon the upper lip, and tur
 bun upon the head, w hich with their
 entire picturesque costume, make them
 objects of interest to strangers. Not
 withstanding the failure of the scheme
 for cultivating the lands by their em
 ployment, there are many who clamor
 lor the importation of African laborers
 to till the earth; but it is the opinion of
 men w'no know something of the coun
 try, that if the native laborers were paid
 just w ages, the planters w ould have no
 reason to complain.
 Hurd times is the universal cry here,
 and there are not many amusements.—
 A company of amateur actors give oc
 casional representations in the theatre,
 But I am told they arc uot much pa
 tronized. There have been a series of
 religious meetings lately held in this
 city, which have been very numerously
 attended —and a large portion of the
 people seem devoutly inclined. Parties
 are frequent, and generally pass off
 with much enjoyment. Music is a fa
 vorite study, and many of the ladies
 and gentlemen sing well, and play upon
 some instrument—the guitar, flute, or
 piano forte. I have been to several
 such entertainments, which were con
 cluded by hymns and a prayer. The
 lower classes are fond of amusing
 themselves by the beating of drums.—
 A few' days previous to the election for
 Mayor, which took place a short time
 since, parties perambulated the streets
 w ith their drums, singing and dancing,
 keeping up snch a perfect discord that
 it was exceedingly difficult to get any
 sleep. One ot the candidates was
 white, and the other colored, and I have
 been told that more allusion was made
 to the complexion by the friends of the
 different parties than on any previous
 occasion.
 I was much amuacd bv an orator in
 favor of the white candidate, who dis«
 played his talent at the corner of the
 street just under rny w indow. He wai
 quite black, and attended by two blacfc
 companions, all three wearing badgei
 of bluo paper, the orators of the color
 ed candidate being arrryed in yellow
 badges.
 J te|l you what, my friends,” sail
 the ora tar, 44 I gwoine to vote for du
 bucra, case he do plenty good for d&lt;
 poor blnckee.” (Hear! Hear! shoutet
 the attendants.) Him have grea
 lub for we, and if he be agin de mare
 dat bring plenty goot time for we.” H&lt;
 continued speaking for half an hour
 but as no one stop|&gt;ed to hear but hi;
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JUNE 2, 1818.
ittendants, he tookuphis line of march,
 routinuing bis address ms he proceeded,
 rhe white candidate was re-elected, it
 ras said, because his friends had gone
 o most expense in the bribing ci
 roters.
 1 have bad a pleasant excursion since
 ny residence here to Port Royal. A
 urge party of us left Kingston' in the
 •vening, in two boats, one of them be
 onging to the missionary schooner
 Dove/’ and commanded by her Cap
 lain. We took the passage called the
 Ponds,” which abound with little
 Islands, with a bright moon to guide us
 —such a moon as is ouly to be found
 in the tropics. The scenery was novel
 md interesting, and the water so beau
 ifully transparent that we could see
 •very object at the bottom, and the fish
 swimming to and lro in pursuit of each
 &gt;ther or in search of food. In a nar
 row passage our boat was aground for
 i few moments, but our rowers, part of
 he “Dove’s” crew, athletic Africans,
 ivith their faces ornamented, or dis
 figured, rather, «iib horizontal cica
 trices, apparently produced with hot
 irons, jumped out and pushed the boat
 along until we again floated freely. We
 slept that night at Port Royal, in the
 Mansion Houge.
 The next morning, very early, we
 started for a large cave in the opposite
 mountain. We made fast our boats at
 the entrance of the cave, and having
 stationed the crew to keep away the
 sharks, or notify us of their approach,
 we took a splendid hath in the sea.—
 e breakfasted afterwards within the
 cave. This is very properly considered
 a great natural curiosity. It is lighted
 up by an immense apeiture at the top
 of the mountain, to which we clamber
 ed to a great height, and amused our
 selves by rolling down large stones and
 pieces of rock. We remained here a
 considerable time, and then went to
 Green Bay, where we saw the tomb of
 Louis Caldy, who was swallowed up by
 the great earthquake which destroyed
 Port Royal in 1092. and by another
 shock thrown out into the sea; he es
 caped by swimming, and lived many
 years afterwards to tell the story.
 Thence we went to Fort Augusta, an
 immense work to defend Kingston. We
 were amazed at the solidity of the for
 tifications, the size of the cannon, of
 the most improved construction, the
 quantity of shot and shell, and other j
 implements of “horrid war.” The
 intelligence of the black who show ed;
 and explained the works, his language,
 and the readiness with which he gave
 correct answers to questions appertain-;
 ing to g innery, and other matters con
 nected with the uje.Qf tW tms-ihJc
 gines wc werd* contemplating, pleased*
 as well as surprised, our wh &gt;le party,
 one of whom, a missionary, informed
 us that this man, so well informed, and
 a companion of his, were formerly
 great drunkards, but had now reformed
 and taken the pledge. We then sailed
 some miles up the Ferry river, a beau
 tiful stream, with woody banks, peopled
 by innumeiahle squadrons ol crabs,
 who watched our passage from the en
 trances to their habitations, hut disap
 peared in a moment if we approached
 them. Some were of such gaudy col
 ors t..at it required little imagination to
 liken them to those crabs in olhee—
 military crabs. They retreated so
 quickly, that wc could not get a shot at
 them.
 Women were beating and washing
 clothes in many places which we pass
 ed, and I shall not soon forget the pic
 turesque beauty ot this churrning.river.
 We took a hath in its waters, and ate
 our bread and cheese, beef and orang
 es, with increased relish. On return
 ing to Kingston, we had no occasion for
 oars, but with a gentle breeze sailed
 back to the “Dove,” where we took
 tea. The bell was rung for divine ser
 vice, to which all hands were assem
 bled. When the services were over,
 W’e made our way to our respective
 dwellings, well pi ased with our jaunt.
 I have a commission to take a num
 ber of views of missionary stations,
 which are to he engraved. I leave
 Kingston in a few days on this service,
 which will give me an opportunity of
 seeing more of the Island.
 In conclusion, permit me to return
 thanks for your kindness in forwarding
 me several uuinbers of the National A.
 S. Standard. Always interesting, I
 find them peculiarly so in this foreign
 country, furnishing, as they do, authen
 tic information of the progress of the
 great cause. I hail their arrival with
 much pleasure, and peruse them with
 the greatest enjoyment.
 I remain yours trulv,
 ROBERT DOUGLASS, Jr.
 from if* D«*t»a Chrooofjpe.
 TO THE RESCUE.
 Wc were about to draw our pen on
 the late Washington Piracies—in an
 agony for words that would he thunder
 bolts to the soulless; —we were going
 to chide the miserable dilatorinesa of
 those who do feel that something ought
 to be done* when the follow ing came to
 hand. We like the plan. Moreover,
 it is laid open with coolness and wis
 dom. The writer signs himself a
 I “Junior,” but we suspect he is an old
 head. We wish the young, whose
 souls are not turned into sole-leather
 would read it and go to work. We,
 j the fathers of this generation, are likely
 to leave our children but an inheritance
 of shame. They must bestir them
 selves or aU i* l°d.
 Ma. Editor: —I had a thought which,
 ought to have been spoken at the glori
 ous meeting »o Faoeuil Hall. Bat be
 ing only a working man, I could not
 t presume to talk on that platform. If
 yo«j|§i&amp; veil of the thought, and can
 i drfjjßn decent style, send it abroad.
I called it a glorious meeting, ll
 eoutd not be otherwise. The very
 name of Faneuil Hall could not be pro
 nounced at such a time without a glori
 ous oflect. For that word is synony
 mous with resistance to wrcng. Il
 wakes the remembrance of a day when
 men trod these streets—when gencroui
 hearts ibund nerve to second their no
 ble impulses when an iron will was not
 wanting to a pure conscience, to make
 deeds of its high behests. To think ol
 th*at day, to admire those men, to ap
 prove their deeds, is to catch then
 spirit, if we be not dead.
 But is the object of our meeting ac
 complished? Why, for what did we gc
 up to that Hall? Was it to applaud
 thrilling speeches? Was it to burn
 once more with idle indignation at thj
 wrongs of slavery? The day for thal
 is past. Or did w*e need to be told thal
 our fathers were so wicked as to wish
 to legalize slavery, or so stupid as to
 attempt it? We hear enough of that in
 Congress. Or did we go up merely tc
 resolve? We have been amusing our
 masters with resolves these dozen
 years, until the very word fills our ty
 rants with hope, and ourselves with
 mutual distrust. The conviction has
 spread through Massachusetts that the
 time has come for action, if we be not
 slaves.
 We need no formula of words to en
 sure harmony of feeling. The human
 ity within impels us in one direction,
 carries us all to one point. All the
 suggestions of the present time, and
 all the memories of the past, centre in
 one thought—lt is no sin to be free—it
 can be no crime to aid men to fteedom.
 Our desire for justice, and our respect
 for law; our love of man, and our fear
 of God; all concur in this one purpose
 —to aid men to be free in this free
 land, shall not be punished as a crime.
 We have a Constitution— engrossed
 upon parchment; laws—-bid in the
 books. We will know* if they can
 command justice to those three noble
 sailors. In Congress, it would seem,
 all is lost by our former supineness;
 but the crisis Providence has now forced
 upon us, we w ill meet—
 Rckl, iTPt. perturbed spirit of our fathers”—
 we will meet it like iiicu.
 In such a case,”said Otis, I despise a fee.*’
 The Otises are dead, though the
 cause remains. Therefore the fee
 must be raised. My thought was to
 raise a fund of one or two hundred
 thousand dollars, the interest to be ap
 -1 preprinted to the defeuce of the present
 case, and such others as may arise,
 i until the Constitution shall establish
 i justice.” The principal colUld then%J&gt;e
 refunded. Shares should be one dol
 ccftaTfity rid riTmtnftJom
 i inonwealth would take less than a hun
 !di ed. Subscribers might be registered
 with the town clerk, or~t&gt;ther trust
 woithy citizen, in each tewn, and with
 the committee The cat eof the money
 once invested in good institutions,w’ould
 be trifling. I can name men who
 would look after it, and report annually,
 for almost or quite nothing, and good
 i men will volunteer in the towns to
 collect and transmit shares to the om
 i! mittee.
 Had I the tongue or the pen of a
 Channing, a Howe, or a V* iiittier—
 load we a single Burritt among us at this
 j moment, a hundred thousand dollars
 jj would be invested on the 17ih ol June.
 He would ask every hard-handed pa
 triot, what report of our Constitution
 he should send to the men of the Barii
 cades. Can it protect innocence? Can
 it maintain freedom of conscience—of
 j speech—of the press? He would call
 on every lover of man, whose sympa
 thies cross the wide ocean with the
 j messengers of love and mercy, whe-
 I j ther he will not do justice to his brother,
 jHe would call on every lover of God
 when next he shall celebrate the tri
 urnph of murdered innocence, whether
 innocence shall sutler in this land with
 his consent. And he would not call in
 vain. From our shops and farms we
 would run together as our fathers taught
 us. First of all, the smith would drop
 his hammer, nor would he wipe the
 sweat from his dusky brow until his
 j. haid dollar had rung for Freedom and
 (the Constitution. The joiner would
 rest his plane, and the shoe-maker
 'j would throw down his lap-stoue; the
 plough would again be left in the fur
 row, and the ship would lie at her
 1 moorings, until every son of freedom
 1 had brought his gift to her altar. Son,
 did I say? Ten thousand needles
 would cease to ply, and ten thou-and
 1 shuttles would hush their busy clatter,
 1 and the daughters of mothers who
 wedded heroes would be found worthy
 of such parentage. Massachusetts
 f owes it herself to"lead the van. Ver
 i mont, New Hampshire, all New Eng
 land/ will instantly follow. New York
 will pour dow n dollars like Niagara, in
 i res|K&gt;nse; and the broad west will show
 its descent from New England,
 a it be done, and the lightning that
 carries the news of our movement,
 will cleanse the foul air of the Capitol,
 (f r e shall save three men, perhaps ma
 t ny more, from unjust and cruel punish
 o „fent. We shall begin to atone for our
 past reraisaness. We shall encourage
 our faithful servants, and remind oth
 a ers to do their first work. We shall
 (i koow the strength of mutual confidence
 e and of our solemn conviction*. We
 r shall demonstrate to the world the v alue
 of a free Constitution.
 y No time need be lost. A brief at at e
 c ment of the case now pending; of the
 i- principles and the consequence* in
 volved in Us defence; an abstract of
 the plan for a fund, and an earnest ap
 h,pea! in its behalf, with a notice of a day
 i- f&lt;r simultaneous meetings and eontri
 buttons, might be on a single baf, at
 it trifling expense, and sent through
 If known friend* of the cause to every
 n family in the State. Be assured the
 I. d. v should not go by w ithout a re-
sponse. Enthnsm?m would kir.dlc from
 1 Cape Cod to Mount Washington, and
 a response woe id come bock to aston
 ish our friends and nppi.l our enemies.
 I seem to see a reason why a fund ol
 this sort should be raised, in prefer
 ence to raising donations outright, suf
 ficient to defend the present case, li
 can be more easily, more cheerfully,
 more promptly done. The inter* »1
 would be more available, a more salt
 1 dependence for carrying the trial thro
 triumphantly. Besides, and more than
 all, the moral effect would be incalcula
 ble. You may hear again from
 Justus.
 fru&lt;;ress of poetry.
 j In the natural progress of society, the
 songs which are the effusion of the feel
 ings of a rude tribe, arc gradual!** pol
 ished into a form of poetry still retain
 ing the marks of the national opinions,
 sentiments, and manners, from which it
 i originally sprung. Tiie plants arc im
 proved by cultivation; but they are s-till
 the native produce of the soil. The
 only perfect example which we know,
 'of this sort, is Greece. Know ledge and
 useful art, and perhaps in a great mea
 sure religion, the Greeks received from
 the East; hut as they studied no foreign
 j language, it was impossible that any
 foreign literature should influence the
 progress of theirs. Not even the name
 lof a Persian, Assyrian, Phenicinn, 01
 Egyptian poet is alluded to by any
 Greek writer; the Greek poetry was,
 therefore, wholly national. The Pe
 lasgic ballads were insensibly formed
 into Epic, and Tragic, and Lyric poems:
 but the heroes, the opinions, and the
 customs, continued as exclusively Gre
 cian, asfthey had been when the Hel
 lenic minstrels knew little beyond tiie
 Adriatic and the /Egean. The litera
 ture of Rome was a copy from that of
 Greece. When the classical studies
 revived amid the chivalrous maimers
 arid feudal institutions of Gothic Europe,
 the imitation of ancient poets struggled
 against the power of modern sentiments
 with various event, in different times
 and countries—but everyw here in such
 a manner, as to give somewhat of an
 artificial and exotic character to poetry.
 Jupiter and tlie Muses appeared in the
 poems of Christian nations. The feel
 ings and principles of democracies were
 copied by the gentlemen of Teutonic
 monarchies or aristocracies. The sen
 timents of the poet in his verse, were
 not those whicli actuated him in his
 conduct, The forms and rules of com
 position were borrowed from antiquity,
 instead of spontaneously arising from
 the manner of thinking of modern com
 tnuifies. In Italy*, *»henletiwMßrst re
 vived, the chivalrous principle was too
 near the period of its full vigor, to be
 oppressed by this foreign learning.—
 Ancient Ornaments were borrowed; but
 the romantic form was prevalent; and
 where the forms were classical, the
 spirit continued to be romantic. The
 j structure ofTasso’s poem was that of
 i the Grecian epic; but his heroes were
 Christian knights. French poetry
 bavin" been somewhat unaccountably
 j O
 i late in its rise, and slow in its progress,
 reached its most brilliant period, w hen
 a!! Europe had considerably lost its an
 cient characteristic principles, and w as
 fully imbued with classical ideas.—
 Hence it acquired faultless elegance—
 hence also it became less natural—
 more timid and more inactive—more
 like a feeble translation of Roman poe
 try. The first aire of English poetry,
 in the reign of Elizabeth, displayed a
 combination fantastic enough of)
 chivalrous fancy and feeling with clas-f
 sical pedantry; but, upon the whole,;
 its native genius was unsubdued. The
 poems of that age, w ith all their faults,
 and partly perhaps from their faults,
 are the most national part of our poetry
 as they undoubtedly contain its highest
 beauties. From the accession of James
 to the Civil War, the glory of .Shak-j
 speare turned the whole national genius
 to the drama: and, after the Restora
 tion, a new and classical school arose,
 under whom our old and peculiar litera
 ture was abandoned, and almost forgot
 ten. But all imported tastes in litera
 ture must he in some measure super
 ficial. The poetry which once grew
 in the bosoms of a people, is always ca
 pable of being revived by a skilful hand.
 When the brilliant and poignant lines
 of Pope began to pall on the public ear,
 it was natural that we should revert to
 the cultivation of our indigenous poetry.
 —Sir Jamtt Mutinloth.
 JLT&gt;GE NO MAN BY Hit* DREW*.
 A few years ago there lived in Nan
 tucket a most excellent old gentleman,
 who, by manly prudence and other
 proper attributes of character, had
 amassed much wealth. No man wa
 more respected by all who knew him,
 but he had one eccentricity—an utter
 carelessness about hi* dress. His
 clothes were always of the most com
 mon kind, though cleaii, ami a stranger
 would never suppose him to be worth a
 dollar. One day there arrived at Nan
 tucket a lumber packet, laden with
 hoards, the master, or skipper, being a
 young man, making his first trip a* cap
 tain, and feeling not a little proud of
 his new distinction. The vessel had
 arrived at the wharf, and the master
 was walking fore and aft over the lum
 ber, ready for a customer, when the
 poorly dressed old man abofe mention
 ed, approached and asked the price of
 boards. Don't retail, sir," was the
 reply. I only sell by wholesale."-
 Well, what is the price for your
 wUo.e cargo?” “Twelve dollars p*' f
 thousand feet. The price was named
 without thought or caie. l ,a
 the whole,” said the old man, unload
 ih.m at once.” You .ill.
 captain; la- 1 T' 1
 poJirVaje-I oM ft**-' IV 'k"&gt;»
HILIJAM C. NEU., rtauinlift.
 JOHM DICK, Paimi,
WHOLE NO—*2;i
billet of wood at vour bxck if yo 9 *MRt
 otf at once. You, without a c€Bt in
 your pocket, to thiuk to impose upon
 tne!” r r
 TTi« old mao walked elf w ithout ut
 tering a word. Ihe captain turning to
 a person who came near at the moment,
 told him the story, pointing to tbs old
 uian, who turned and looked at them,
 afid then coutimird his way.
 Do you know that old man?'* asked
 the person to whom the captain now
 spoke. No, sir! Well, dm
 charge your cargo; I rather guess ho
 can pay for it. The captain soon felt
 his error, and in due time the lumber
 was landed at the wharf. The next
 morning the old man was there again.
 So, young man,”he said mildly, “you
 concluded to accept my offer:” The
 captain, humbly approaching the old
 man, said, Sir, I did not know you.
 Please excuse—sir—l —sir”—The old
 manjifc? too busy examining the lum
 ber to notice the stuttering apology,
 and merely heard enough to know for
 what it was intended. Give me the
 surveyor’s ceitificatc,” said he. It was
 given him. “Your bill, sir.” It was
 also given. “This is correct, and
 there’s a cheek for the amount.”—
 “Sir,” interposed the captain, feeling
 very anxious to atone for his error—
 Young man,” interrupted the pur
 chaser, and he cntphasi/i d young w ith
 a peculiar tone of voice, all is settled
 if you will allow me one word of advice
 —never again judge a man bv his cent.
 Farewell!”
 The. check was duly paid, and hud
 the captain but observed the circum
 stance, he might have seen the name
 of the giver of the check, and that of
 the President upon the hills received
 for if, belonged to the same person.
 The above anecdote is strictly true,
 and canies a good moral with it.—
 Transcript,
 THE TELESCOPE AND .MICRO
 SCOPE,
 While the telescope enables us toseo
 a system in every star, the microscope
 unfolds to us a world in cvi rv atom.
 The one instructs us that this mighty
 fdobe, with the whole burthen of its
 people and its countries, is hut a grain
 of sand in the vn&gt;t field of immensity
 —the other, that every atom may
 harbor the tribes and families of a
 busy populutirn.
 The one shows us the insignificance
 of the world we inhabit—the other
 redeems it from all its insignificance,
 for it tells ns that in the leave#of every
 forcs|, in t'i dowers of every gorden,
 in the water? of every Aulef, there
 are world* timing w ith hie, and num
 berless as the stars of Ihc firmament.
 The one suggests to us that above and
 beyond all that is visible to man, there
 may be regions of creation which sweep
 immeasurably along, and carry tho
 impress of the Almighty ’s hand to tho
 remotest scenes of the universe—the
 other that within und beneath nil that
 minuteness which the aided eye of man
 is able to explotc, there may he a
 world of invisible beings; und thut,
 could lie draw aside the mysterious
 vtjl which shrouds it from our senses,
 we might behold a theatre of as many
 wonders as astronomy cun untold —a
 universe within the compass of n point,
 so small, as to elude all the powers of
 the microscope, hut where the Almigh
 ty Ruler of all things finds f room for tho
 exercise of his attributes, where ho
 can raise another mechanism of worlds,
 and till and animate them nil with the
 evidence? of his glory. Dr. Chalmers.
 Thf. N'f.wspapf.r.— W e occasionally
 meet with a business man who utfeets
 to (’are very little for newspapers and
 the information they furnish. Of
 course, we must give this ela** of nun
 credit for meaning what they say, b t,
 nevertheless, we eaiumt believe them
 to be as independent of newspaper aid
 as they imagine. We should liho
 these men to have a momentary glimpse
 of the business world u s it would he if
 all newspaper facilities were annihi
 lated. .Extinguish all the light which
 the press has shed upon the wauls and
 interests of society; let all the informa
 tion it has gathered from all parts of
 the world, and scattered among its
 readers, he forgotten; let all the intel
 ligence it has imparted, ait the enter
 prise it lias awakened, all the ingenuity
 and energy it has stimulated, bo
 annihilated, —and in what stage of
 advancement may we suppose tho
 rnoicaaf’G would now he fund?
 How would a city without a wcll
 iuformed press ever compete wab ono
 hat mg tiiat aid Tim one, ui compari
 son with the other, would he less than
 half civilised, and would be constantly
 at fault in the common transact tans of
 business. And what is liue of a city
 would be true of an individual who
 should succeed in depriving hiiuaeil
 the aid and advantages of tin* modern
 journal. There are numberless wav*
 in which tine man of busmen* is bene
 fited by even the glance at this paper
 which he takes in the morning, which
 we need not repeat. The advertise
 ment* may give him information, or
 suggest a valuable thought. l*He new
 department intimate to him thedirectmu
 which hi* effort* should lake, or tho
 record of some stirring and sterling
 example of mercantile life rouim
 him to those endeavours whu.h will
 conduct to triumphant success. The
 expense of a newspaper, :t t* true, i»
 something, but the probable expense of
 having r»« journal often vastly great
 er. Ignorance i* generally costly.—
 .Vrie York MtrtawliU
 |C7** It has been calculated that sv
 ery live families whs use Pfoduc#
 cinjdov one slave!
