FftcscitscK i
 M. ft. MUAir,
VOL L NO. 111.
T*m NOXTH Ifil W
 Wl»f» tt K*. U, turn*.
 {(^pmutkt
 ‘WC“ TERM**
 Tan Man Hr M HR. w
 tafio«*%&gt;tk*l wSf*" t
 hm etrae ft*f «n &amp;w* lw 1 w
 §Si(r &lt;mx i f»*jy Wuicfjiicw ifixer
 tie*. tweaty-Ave
 Somtu graft will be feattad
 o tl ri«r in afl to* fjw ml aspects; atvorafc
 l/iitttMt CaißCtMfmi; euh (W MuJin
 •f piratic Mobalitt; paint; the ml aod«*
 Hfcrr— 1 imptwrwm of it Cototu Fimt;
 mituatst tb* day ef FSIEDOU to to Tikii
 Miunn «v EtKtfti Fuuw Cost

 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fcjp AD
 tl?ra* 4'., thirfThc addrwNeJ ts William C.
 N ft-t., Pobfwher.
 W-A |7wu, oil m othen raniing wwwo. mi
 NufwMtei U Ik r*a««e, «a I fiwt the Pmt Ofi e,
 Um Cm *fy, K» 1 the Slot*. Each Subacrdier is rm
 toe liittW era lite.l fra nicy received.
 {jijp 4hy per* m ei In; if the payment fjr fear
 •uinofovi, to be ferwardel to one adirees, may
 (Hr* a fifth copy fer one year.
 All lettere mad om.na ii cations Boat be poet
 paid.
 LIST OfTqENTS.
 Mitncßvixm.—fl. F. W dealt, 21, Comhill,
 1? »*tm; Natan J &gt;li »n, New Be (for I; Ifeatio IV.
 r&lt;iei"r, L»w.dl; Ja ap* N. BnTun, Lynn; Georg?
 Eun, W a-ceator II «w Spaonw*, Ply oojth;
 Charles fl. Set!*, Spri tgfSeH; David Haggles,
 ffurfuniHn.
 M*ur..-Ofi»er Dennett, PutW.
 Vr.a aoar.—2 soda'll T. Ilibiisjt, North Fer
 lUb«(.
 Cow hcticbt.—Jonathan Leonard, Meri Jen.
 New lltfiUHtite.—Wetre Tappaf, Bra fir I,
 Nfiw York.—Sylney If. Gav, 112, Naesan
 Street; la aji Vi :Cn w S akli, 93, Woat Hrw krav;
 Joseph Poet, W**tb'iry, Qi»ri County; Mary Har
 per, Alban* Elia* D «ty, Mara ion.
 Khouf. I'Land.—4i«iraasy Paine, Provi le icc.
 Pe.taii’LTtJMA.—J. M. M’lCin, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Pliila lelphia; G. W. (loiiet, 8, ExdanT&lt;
 IMa-e, Din»; If. Vashot, B. Bown, Pittsburg;
 William Wlitpfer, C &gt;lu nbia; I*aac II »berts, Jacob
 L Pa* &gt;i, N artist own, M •ft'; inery C anty.
 Ohio.— Christian Donal iaon, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nirh &lt;l* »n, Harveys!lurjj'i,
 Wiirt i County; 8* nael Brooke, Salem.
 Michiqa:*.—Robert Bank*, Detroit.
 LAW 0? \EW3 PAPERS.
 1. BuVncriber* wko da itut jive express notice to
 ike contrary, are conailcraJ ua within; to e&amp;n*inti?
 their adbarniptt ant.
 A. If aOhs-ribers order the diseontinuance of tlteir
 papers, the pebUsheas may centime to sea l until a!!
 arrearage* are tiai L
 A If subscribers neglect or refute to take their
 papers /nw the "lire tv which they are tireets I, they
 ■we hdll responsible till tha* settle their bill aaJ order
 their papem to &lt;be dkeeatj int L
 A If ida -rib -rr im ire to other ffiaeee «ithont
 inf &gt;r nin; the pablulnr, an I their paper m «e:X toj
 th; fir arr direction, they are U:l 1 responsible.
 A. The coarts have decile 1 that refusing to lake
 ■m newspaper ar pcrio.Hcal froa the office, or removing
 ani leavin* n nncaJle'lfor, i* print fa:*t eviJeace of
 Mtrstiail froai
 Kf.sovsls.—ln riving notice of a change of
 ren lence, b? sure an I state the Post Ofllcc to which
 tiic paper has fonnetly l&gt;een sent.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 14, 1348.
POLITICAL.
 Tut fallowing will show to the people of
 the old world how the peoples petitions are
 treated in the first nation tin the globe. We
 are glad that the subject is now fully up
 again. Such a course as that adopted by the
 Senate will do more to make aWalitiuaiirts than
 many lecturers; for the latter can only be
 heard by the few, while the former speaks to
 the whole nation, in tones of thunder, telling
 them that their liberties are gone.
 Fmm the Einanci|*tor.
 MB, HALF. IN THE SENATE.
 We are able to give the following
 interesting particulars in regard to the
 presentation (on the 22d) of the memo
 rial of the yearly meeting of anti-slavery
 friends in Indiana. Here follows the
 petition:
 To the Senate and House of Rep
 resentatives of the United States, in
 Congress assembled: We, your peti
 tioners, believing all carnal war to be
 anti-Christian, and the present war
 with Mexico to be one of pre-eminent
 injustice, wickedness and barbarity,
 respectfully but earnestly request you
 to use all the means in your power to
 •put an immediate termination to the
 i»l mdy conflict. And, farther, we would
 solicit the exercise of the powers of the
 government invested in your hands, to
 put an immediate termination to slavery
 with all its horrid consequences, so far
 as those powers extend.
 Signed on behalf of the meeting.
 Walter Edgertox,
 Rebecca Edgerton, j C,erks
 On presenting this petition, Mr. Hale
 .said:
 J suppose, Mr. President, as this
 petition prays for the exertion of all the
 tpowers of government, so far as they
 •extend, in relation to this subject, it
 includes within its provision, slavery
 within the District of Columbia; and I
 am informed that the practice has
 obtained in the Senate, when petitions
 of this character are preseuted,. to
 raise the question of reception, and
 that such a motion is laid on the table,
 there the matter drops. As this
 course does not nccord with my own
 Conviction of duty, I must urge a dif
 ‘r&lt; nt disposition of this petition; and I
 P« that if exception be taken, it will
 mm oi? W th ,ul ,W *‘de-blow of a
 Whk i ,y Ol ,L ,abl
 recenti i v,ew the question ol
 1 aak ihai u
 of taking the l’' &lt;er —Those in (avor
 to hiY lhr'ln'Atnr,’ 1 11,8 made
 Is to be put as a matter of cou™*
 Mr. Halt. —l was not awar« of ihm
 existence of such a rule; but th»»
 the case, I would like to say
 word on the main question, as the
 tion to lay on the table is not debate
 able.
 Mr. JBcrrim. —l trust that the stub
y T _ m rn JLf »*J m h*m S ~*h? wv&gt;
 r I t M mM y A 4 B-'-m |E'"J[ a w “S""
 T|-|wl MißTfr xT i B
 JL JL JL JLJ «L X w JL m I a
r *H l C printed, tfcr
 question of reception it raise* by a
 raotioo to lay a p«ticaoa oa tto table. I
 raise that question; I wtore to lay the
 root ion upon the table.
 Mr. IlM. —Upon that question! ask
 the yeas and nays.
 Inquired
 whether it would be ta order to
 postponement of tk.
 tioo tilt to-morrow? r
 mS'jrrii.etTp^esr-
 Jdf*. Jokneen, of Maryland, then wd
 ought be full before the Mas
 lion?
 Ti« presiding officer. —It is to lay the
 motion to receive the petition on the
 table.
 M\ Calhoun. —What is the subject
 matter of the petition?
 Tat pretiding officer.—The abolition
 of slavery in the district of Columbia.
 Mr. Ilite. —lf it be in order, I will
 state the subject matter of the petition.
 The petition c mes from the yearly
 meeting of Friend* at Newport, Wayne
 county, Indiana, praying the termina
 tion of the war in Mexico; and also
 praying that all the powers vcstdß in
 Congress upon the subject, shall be
 exerted for the termination of slavery.
 Mr. Bailer. That does not say
 anything about slavery in the District
 of Columbia.
 Mr. Halt. —l remarked that that
 was included in the petition.
 The question was then taken on the
 call for the yeas and nays. A.sufficient
 number of members rising, the yeas
 and nays were ordeied and were taken
 as follows:
 eas —Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atch
 ism, Atherton, Badger, Bell, Beirien,
 Bradbury, Breese, Blight, Butler, Cal
 houn, Cass, Davh, (of Mississippi,)
 Dickinson, Dix, Downs,Fairfield, Fetch,
 Foote, Hunter, Johnson,(of Maryland,)
 Johnson, (of Louisiana,) Manguin, Ma
 s&gt;ii, JftTes, Rusk, Sevier, Sprusmce,
 Sturgeon, journey, Westcctt, Yulee.—
 33.
 N.iva Messrs. Baldwin, Clarke,
 Corwin, Greene, Hale, Miller, Phelps,
 Underwood, Up ham.—9.
 So the m ;tion to receive the petition
 was laid upon the table.
 Mr. Hale presented tho memorial of
 David T. Burr and sixty-nine others,
 citizens of Pennsylvania, praying fori
 such an alteration of ibe constitution I
 and laws as shall efcofcak slavery
 throughout the Union.
 Mr. Hale said:
 I do not understand that there is a
 standing rule or order of the Senate
 that raises the question whether this
 petition shall be received, or the motion i
 to receive it kid on the table. Ia k
 whether the motion to receive the peti
 tion is de hat cable? Am I correct, sir,
 in supposing it is debateable?
 Presiding officer. —It is debateable.
 Mr. Hale. —So understandutg it, sir,
 i wish to say a single word in vindica
 tion of the course which I deem it my
 duty to take on this occasion. It is
 with no desire to produce angry feel
 ings, or excited discussion, but it is in
 the discharge of my duty, under deep
 and earnest convictions of my under
 standing, that I attempt to discharge
 that duty.
 Wfiat is the refusal of the Senate to
 receive these petit jins? It U saying
 that there arc some subjects on which
 the people shall not approach tins tri
 bunal.
 In this day, speculation is adventur
 ous. Wc venture to inquire into all the
 secrets of the material and the spiritual
 world. The researches of geological
 science have penetrated the bowels ol
 the earth, and have there found the
 mateiials by which it is essayed to
 prove tuat
 He wlio ma le the tvorld, and its age renal* J
 To Mute*, was mistaken.
 Nay, inquiry goes with adventurous
 flight to the very throne of Eternity,
 and undertakes to scan the laws by
 which He win sits thereon governs His
 own actions and t ie world he l:as cre
 ated. And, sir, if speculation is thus
 adventurous, have we, in the United
 States ol America, an institution which
 exalts itself above God; defying exam
 ination or iaqui y, or petiti nr Most
 emphatically, sir, do I conceive that
 at the present day the people ol’ the
 United States have a peculiar right to
 come and ask of this b &gt;dy a respectful
 hearing of their petitions, and a re
 spectful hearing on this very subject.
 Sir, it is no mere abstraction. It is an
 element of political power in the form
 ation of our constitution; it is an ele
 ment on which the constitution of the
 other House is regulated; and it is an
 clement in the political discussion and
 action of the present day, which is in
 volving the nation in a foreign and
 aggressive war at an expense of forty
 or fifty millions of dollars annually.—
 And if the people of the United State*
 are to be thus taxed for war, growing
 immediately and directly out of an in
 stitution of this character, are they to
 be told that they shall not come ami
 respectfully present their petitions upon
 this subject?
 1 have thus discharged my duty tc
 those who sent me here, without any
 expectation of influencing the action o,
 this body, without any desire to excite
 angry feeling or discussion. I ask tha
 the petition may be received.
 Air. Berrien. —The practice whirl
 has been adopted by the Senate ha
 been the result of calm and delibrrati
 consideration. It has protected u;
 from thole exciting discussions which
 in another national legis
 lat u re, have too often occurred. 1 d
 not apprehend that h*
WT V *'i* I n.miMyiiii v mi UP i I in .—I W J,,7Tn IT
 gciirn^s^Tnrnrsorsocoi^^B^
Jlcn firm the honorable Senator from
 hw I'trap shire, who preseats this pc
 toon, is calculated to change this well
 settled conviction of the Senate on this
 object. I theqpfore, air, the question
 4 reception being before the Senate,
 move to lay that question upon the
 table.
 The irotien to receive the •petition
 vas theii laid Upon the table.
 FronthtKewTwkßnati.
 SPEECH OP JOKE C* CALHOUN,
 CIS THE MElltih Hiß.
 WawtScstov, Jan. 4,1848.
 At twenty minutes to one o'clock,
 Mr. Calhoun's rose lmmas were a»her
 up, on motion of Mr. Sevier.
 Mr. Calhoun rose and mid—ln offer
 ing these resolutions, Senators, to your
 consideration, I have been governed by
 the same reasons which induced me to
 oppose the war—fremthe same consid
 erations which have ever since guided
 me. In alluding to my opposition to the
 war, I do not intend to advert to the
 reas ns which governed me on that oc
 casion, further than is necessary to ex
 plain ray object on the present. I op
 posed the war then, not only because I
 considered it unnecessary, and easily
 to te averted—n t only because the
 President, with: ut authority,ordered the
 United States troops to enter a dispu
 ted territory, at that tunc occupied by
 the Mexicans—not only because the
 declaration of Congress Was unfounded
 in truth—but from higher considerations
 of policy: because I foresaw that it must
 lead to great and serious evils to the
 country, and greatly endanger its free
 institutions. The war was declared 1
 and recognised ns such, by the govern
 ment, when it was too late to avert it.
 I then felt it to be my duty to shape ray
 course so as to prevent, as Car as possi
 ble, the danger which was threatening
 our fee institutions. Such was my ob
 ject in prop- sing the defensive line, at
 the last session—such is my object in
 now offering these resolutions; but I
 shall express my opinion at all times,
 boldly and independently, such as be
 comes a Senator who has nothing to
 ask or gain, and whose only object is
 to do what is goed for his country.
 When I proposed, in the Senate of the
 United States, at the last session, a diff
 erent line of policy, we had a large por-!
 tion of country In our possession; we;
 stood in a better position than at any
 other time since, to make it; fori hold
 it to be a fair principle, that we may re
 ceive indemnity, in tbe shape of unoc
 cupied territory, from woods, but not
 from the cultivated hemes of Mexicans.
 In offerii2£, at the last session, peace
 resolutions, I did it became I thought
 it wculd be a great saving in men and
 money; but above all, because I saw it
 would save us from being involved to
 the extent we now are. The President
 t&gt;ok a different view; he recommended
 a vigorous prosecution of the war to j
 Congress, to conquer a peace;'* that 1
 is, i compel the Mexicans to make us
 indemnity, and also to pay us the ex
 penses of the war. I opposed it, be
 cause I thought there was great hazard
 if the war was continued. Congress
 th ught differently; it voted men and
 money. At Buena Vista we were vic
 torious; Vera Crux fell; Cerro Gordo
 was conquered—brilliant victories, that
 do great honor to our army; and finally,
 the gates of the city of Mexico fell i
 prostrate to our conquering arms.— j
 Well, sir, have the avowed objects ol
 the war been effected Have we con
 quered a peace? Have we succeeded;
 in effecting a treaty Are we offered
 indemnity No, sir, not a single ob-l
 ject avowed by the President, has been
 accomplished. N Mr. President, the
 object is farther off t an ever. Now,
 sir, I ask what has caused the complete
 discomfiture of our m asure?
 We cannot charge the failure upon
 ourtr *ops. It is not charged to this;
 but to the fact, that the plan of the cam
 paign wals laid in error and founded on
 a mistake. We aimed at indemnity.
 If we wanted it, we should have enforc
 ed it when we had the power in our
 liands. We, however, endeavored to
 arrive at it by a treaty, which, had the
 Mexicans refused to sign, would have
 completely upset the a rangenaen*.—
 They did refuse, and not withstanding
 all our briliiant victories, the war is still
 npon our hands. After an outlay of
 fit), 033,0 33 we are worse off than ever.
 am ml looking at the conquest—l
 throw that aside. We have lost 7033
 or 8333 men besides, and all this for
 nothing at all. But, Mr. President, it
 is said that a defensive line would have
 been as c ally as the prosecution of the
 war. The President and the Secretary
 of War have said it; but I must say,
 to my mind, it is utterly impossible.
 Tbe line which I proposed would hove
 been covered with hostile Indians, and
 would have required only a single regi
 ment and a ship of war guard
 coast.’ For seven years, Texas re
 mained unconquered by Mexico, and
 that too, when the Mexican resou ces
 and power were greater and more pow
 erful than they are now; and can any
 man believe it would cost us more to
 defend that line, than to carry on the
 present war? We now come, Mr.
 President, to the consideration of an
 other campaign. Sir, the same mea
 sures are proposed as were at the last
 Hession. We arc told it is not for con
 quest; that is explicit/disavowed. It
 is not an order to blot out the nationali
 ty of Mexico, for the President avows
 distinctly he wishes te retain its nation
 ality. Now, sir, we cease te the prac
 tical question:—Shah we carry oa foe
 war i I have mqptrtl carsfoMy into
 the matter, and l mwa say there arc
 many reasons now existing against it,
 stronger than at the last session. A
 hill has been aaiborwog the
 jr:

ROCHESTER, N. T, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, IMS.
'm* bap t haw
 ■arket at pnKiiU Last year ia eon
 eeqncecn of the unfortunate feme in
 Europe, we bore large balance of
 trafe »a our favor and money plentiful.
 W« are now encumbered with a large
 Wi bath way*. We bare to send
 large stuns, both tdftngland and Mui
 co. If drafts ar® swt hare they are
 cashed, and in the present state of the
 market the money goes to England. 1
 see treasury notes quoted below par
 m»d stocks still lowejv The tad wifi be
 A* Ae trt*««y rJKIf into the
 mb-treasury, tod specie be given out——|
 Am draining both. The end will be a
 great commercial crisis and the faihiresj
 of our basks. There is danger now of!
 all this, which did not exist aft the begin*
 ning oftbe last session. Men you may
 get, but money you cannot. 1 bare
 conversed with a gentleman well versed
 i&amp; commercial matters, and he has given
 it as his opinion, that treasury notes
 and they are nothing more or less than
 loans, which must he repaid—would not
 bring more than 90 dollars, for every
 100 dollars; which is rather more, 1
 think, than 7 per e?nt. But, sir, these
 are not the only objections, formidable
 as they are against the war. Ido not
 see the slightest chance of obtaining any
 thiog by it, if we should be successful
 in our anna, which I don't believe; but
 if we should, the avowed objects would
 defeated. But, sir, I take the other
 side. The more victories we gain, the
 greater will be our difficulty in arriving
 at a peace, as avowed. What is to be
 the effect it we proceed to repress all
 resistance in Mexico? We overthrow
 her civil government, and leave her
 without atfy power. Mr. President, if
 that is done, how are you to obtain a
 peace? One power can make war—it
 requires two to make peace. If you
 destroy the government of Mexico,
 where is your second party to a peace?
 1 ou are defeated by your own success.
 Biu what do yeu accomplish by the very
 object you disown? The free republic
 ycu wish to sec will be gone—blotted
 out—a mere mass of what she was, and
 her sovereignty, for the time, conveyed
 to her conquerors. The President has
 very much the same conviction of what
 is the vigorous prosecution of the war,
 as I have. He says, that the people of
 Mexico are divided into factions, gov
 erned b/ military rulers, and the only
 way to arrive at what we desire, is to
 put them all down.
 Well, sir, if we are to build up a re
 publican form of government, from
 those citizens who are well disposed to
 wards us, and who are desirous of a
 peace, Mr. President, I confess lam at
 a loss to understand how an independ-'
 ;nt republic can prow up under the pro-|
 cction and auspices of its conqueror. I
 I can well see how an aristocratic or
 lespotic government could be thus!
 farmed; but how a free government can,'
 cannot see. I had always understood
 such a government must spring from the
 tiearts of the people; but, sir, I see
 these notions are antiquated, and we
 :an now make free republics. The
 people of Mexico do not wish it. The j
 »reat body oftiie intelligence and wealth'
 ts concentrated in the clergy, and they
 ire disinclined to it. The other large
 Pody, the owners of the haciendas, in
 other words, the planters, might, per
 laps, favor it; but they are scattered
 vithout the means of forming a firm
 government, and if put up, would tuin
 &gt;le down m a day, the moment our
 roops should be withdrawn. The oth
 »r course, then, would be to support,
 ind foster the existing government. J
 3ut it is said that would be useless, and
 t would fall the moment our troops were
 withdrawn. Mr. President, I protest
 tgainst building up any power in Mexi
 so, for we shall thereby be obligrd to
 support it again and again, until at la-t
 ve would be compelled to take it our- j
 selves. The conquering of Hindostan,
 .vhich we have so long deprecated, i
 :arac on in this very way. There was
 io intention at first to conquer it. That j
 :ame on by degrees, till at last it ap
 &gt;eared a matter of course. So it would
 &gt;e with Mexico, if that government
 diould agree to make a treaty on such
 erms as we ask. The President him
 »elf agrees we shall take the very con; se
 have forshadowed. He rays, in so
 nany words, if measures foil, we must
 enforce terms which the honor of the j
 country demands. Is not this an ac
 knowledgment, that if the factional gov- j
 eminent is not built up, we must con
 quer and occupy the country, thus en
 forcing terms, not upon the government,
 but upon the people- Well, the Presi
 dent is right. This will he the result
 Every argument against taking a defen
 sive line, will have a double force when
 we have spent sixty millions of dollars
 more, and occupy a still greater extent
 of territory. The men engaged in the
 war—the contractors, the several par
 ties engaged, directly or indirectly—all
 this large body will be adverse to return;
 and their influence in favor of a cent in- 1
 nation of the war, will be found too
 powerful to oppose. Well, sir, now
 that we have added sixty millions of dol
 lars to the former amount expended,
 what will you get to indemnify it?—
 With the population, which you will
 have to sustain, and the army of forty
 or fifty thousand men, as the Secretary
 of War says, you will never get enough
 to pay it; and it will hare to come out
 of the pockets of the people of the united
 States. This and the next generation,
 will have to bear this burden. We now
 come to the solemn eonsidertion pro
 posed by the reso«Hiou. 1 have Amro
 diem n/mnunm nfIMhVM’MMM'i. Imp fkn
 It is to bkft out tb* nationality of lfexi
 oo and throw seven ar eight mi»mm of
 ft
Shall wc do either? No, Mr. Piwhn,
 neither; and for these reasons; lint.
 It wiilbcacaioat the avowed object of
 tliewar. No menage has been sent to
 Congress which ban dbtiactljr denied
 the object to be tint extinction of the
 nationality «f Mexico and yet. air.
 wbal are disavow will bare been accom
 an need emeu *x|
 |MBIIieU| «w w^» r «TWWTU Will DlVf
 been defeated. This, nr, at leant, will
 be an impeachment of the ability of our
 f acknowledgethefiriT amountof glory
 oor army has acquired aad abed#* the
 country hot* Mr. President, I am
 afraid an our applause will be confined
 to our army. Every nation looks upon
 »b« hard-hearted people, who are
 more gives to war than modern nations.
 Howevbr much we might rejoice at the
 courage, bravery and skill of our troops,
 and the astonishing victories they have
 achieved, he was yet sorry to confess
 that the government had lost that repu
 tation for moderation and justice which
 bad been its crowning attributes in its
 earljr days. If we shall attempt to hold
 Mexico as a province, or incorporate it
 into this Union, we shall find it utterly
 impracticable. We had never assimila
 ted any of the Indian tribes witn our
 people when incorporating tber territory
 into our Union. We have removed
 them farther away. We hare never
 incorporated any people into this Union
 but the Caucasian race—the free white
 man; and shall we now corrupt this
 free white population by introducing
 into our confederation the Indians and
 the mixed races of Mexico? He pro
 tested most earnestly against such a
 policy. Our government is for the free
 whiteman.
 This feature was the secret of its
 stability. Tbe Spanish republics on
 this continent had foiled, because they
 had mainly attempted to place the
 colored race on an equality with the
 whites, in assuming that by nature all
 men were equally adapted to free gov
 ernment; yet it was proposed to annex
 the Mexican states as territories, and
 place them on an equality with the rest
 of the states. He utterly protested
 against the adoption of any such policy
 in any form. He adverted to the proofs
 of history to show' that the colored races
 could not be blended in the same gov
 ernment, and in the same terms with
 the white races; that the colored races'
 are always degraded, and that the!
 whites, even in a savage state, main
 tain some of the elements of free in-!
 stitutions. He came next to consider I
 the two points in one thaP the holding!
 of Mexico in subjection would, in the!
 end, be subversive of our free institu
 tions, and that no such line of policy
 ought to be adopted. It would be a
 waste of time to argue that the incor
 poration of Mexico would be danger
 ous to our free institutions. He who
 understood the American constitution;!
 he who had studied its character; he
 who from the examples of
 history, and had marked the conse
 quences, where large conquests have
 been held by a hostile nation, as terri
 torial possessions, would need no other
 proof to convince him that to hokl tbej
 republic of Mexico, either as a pro-;
 vince or as territories, must lead to the
 subversion of our f* ee institutions. In j
 all the examples in which such incor
 porations of territories of foreign peo
 ple, bearing anything near the proper-!
 lions which Mexico bears to the United;
 States, the end had been the downfall j
 of the conquering party. With us,
 Mexico would add so much to the
 powers of the general government, I
 that it would absorb all the powers ol
 the states; it would becofne imperial;;
 it would usurp the powers of the legis-i
 lative department; all the powers oi
 the government would foil into the
 hands of the executive, and with the
 prevailing rule of party proscription,
 and the increasing patroiage of the
 executive, our institutions vould not be
 able to combat the Pres dential elec
 tion s.—they could not resist the check.
 Mr. Calhoun admonished gentlemen
 not to flatter themselves with the delu
 sive idea, that we, as well as Great
 Britain, could hold great empires under
 subjection, and hold them in safety. Ot
 all the governments that ever existed,
 England is possessed of the greatest
 power of expansion, withou# reducing
 her people to anarchy, or Iter officials
 to corruption. This was, in part, be
 cause the executive branch of the
 government, and the conservative, the
 House of lenb, were hereditary.
 Rome never bad such a capacity tor
 expulsion. When the Roman empire
 extended east and west beyond the
 barriers of Italy, the central power be
 gan to weaken, and soon it became
 corrupt, and anarchy and violence were
 the order of the day. Yet, England
 had been going on in the extension
 of her dominions, without any visible
 symptoms of decay. Yet she could
 not long escape. She is even, now
 paying tbe penalty; she is saying a
 penalty for her two hundred millions
 of dependants; which, like dispropor
 tionate superincumbent we ghf, threat
 ens to crush the foundation* of tbe
 superstructure. Yes, sir, instead of
 indemnity from her conquests, they are
 a burden to her; and even neighboring
 Ireland has taxed her resources for its
 support, and rim labor of her people,
 almost beyond their newer to bear
 Shall we go on and follow tins example
 for territorial indemnities for the ex
 pense of oor wars? Lot us now con
 sider tbe incorporation of Mexico inti
 Uns Union. There are twenty state;
 m MRrieo; tbeae we should have firs
 to initiate u territories. Tbe (over
 the magistrates, the justices
 wmM aft bare to be appointed by tla
 B*mmi** m m our own territories
 ssade up of our own people, or from th

 M
StlfieUW* fiuhAfagk L. %MT
 w&amp;TWIWm*. muCv vNi OWPPWVBS* sV
 kara, k tto fal fornraticw of m gov
 glad of it; but when tboy mck
 tke age of twenty-one; whan they
 oatm to years of maturity, they come
 among u u our equals, mod ia all
 respects the setae. Not so with Mex
 ico. You may eaU it aMStka; bat
 it will be a forced annexation. You
 wifi be compelled, whatever form of
 government you may establish, to hoM
 tt aa a province, and it will be but a
 provincial government at iast.J
 How long wifi yon have to bold it in
 subjection, before it is reduced to obe
 dience; before it ia aa truth and in cha
 er IP** this confederacy It
 *fl&gt; »«k« l»H tin*. England bas
 held Ireland for some several hundred
 years past, and still they are a hostile
 people. Canada has been in the pos
 session of the British government for
 oae hundred yearn past, and still the
 Canadians are a hostile people. Never
 will the time come, from all examples,
 when Mexico will agres to be blended
 with the laws and people of this Union.
 The nucleus of her ruling population
 are from the old stock; equal in every
 sense to the original Anglo-Saxon, and
 superior to it m that unconquerable
 attachment to their sot) and their own
 institutions. But' let us admit that all
 these difficulties are removed, how will
 it affect us to introduce some twenty
 foreign States into the Union, with a
 basis of one or two millions of pure
 blood, and all the rest, —some seven
 or eight millions, —Indians or mixed
 races, inferior in every respect to our
 Choctaws or Cherokees We are
 under a great mistake, if we suppose
 all this population are ready for our
 peculiar institutions. I beard a gen
 tleman of high character say, but the
 other day, that he believed it was our
 appointed mission to extend our insti
 tutions of civil and religious freedom
 over the benighted of this continent.
 This is a. great mistake. Our institu
 tions are only adapted to a people ad
 vanced in intelligence and civilization
 and it was remarkable that in all the
 revolution of nations, the people had
 been more indebted for any advantages
 'hey had secured in their forms of
 government, more to accident, or a
 combination of circumstances, than to
 my foretaste or previous decision of
 :he human mind. We are indebted for
 our constitution more to a conjunction
 of circumstances, than to the superior
 wisdom and intelligence of our foie
 fathers; and herein lies our danger—
 that a conjunction OfeircMrgitanccs to
 which we may be mdiffrffwrTar the
 time, may overthrow our institutions.
 VVe seem to have no fear of their sta
 bility; the preservation of our liberty
 is now lost in the glory of our arms.
 Nobody talks now of the blessings of
 liberty. In our early history the great
 inxiety was to retain our liberty. Now,
 he great anxiety is to convince the
 world of our military power. The
 notto used to be, that the power was
 always stealing from the many to the
 few, and that the price of liberty was
 perpetual vigilaoce. Now, we seem to
 remember these maxims not at all; but
 he opinion appears to be, that we hold
 sur liberty by a divine right. I fear
 hat if we do not be vigilant, we shall
 find this to be the greatest mistake ol
 fcl!; and it is a great mistake to sup
 pose that it is our divine mission to
 :nrry the principles of our liberty, by
 force of arms, over this continent' and
 that nothing can affect our security. If
 we persist in this delusion, the day oi
 retribution will come, and ft will bring
 with it destructive consequences, as
 mre as I am now addressing this Ame
 rican Senate. I am, therefore, op
 posed to the policy of holding Mexico
 j*y right of conquest, and of annexing
 it, either as a province, or territories,
 or states of this government. But
 what are wc to do? A Her speaking ol
 his efforts to arrest the war and its
 consequences, Mr. Calhoun said, be
 saw not the smallest chance of disen
 tangling ourselves, save in the defen
 sive line; by taking, in this way, the
 decision and indemnhy into our own
 bauds. Had lime been allowed, when
 the President sent in his message de
 claring a Mate of war, Mr. Calhoun
 said he should have vindicated a plan
 to be pursued. He would have re
 lieved Gen. Taylor; he would have
 had a committee to inquire and report
 un the relations between us and Mexico,
 showing that as yet there was no actual
 state of war. Had that failed of in
 due ing negotiations, ha would have
 held the territories on this side of the
 Rio Grande, and muiuirancd his posi
 tion on the boundary winch it might
 have been deemed proper to claim,
 which would embrace lands of so me
 value to us, and of no use Ife Mexico.;
 But he bad been overrated. Where
 the defensive fine shook! now be, he
 had no opinion now to give, He was,
 not now prepared to say where we
 could designate the best line; but he
 would say, that we should evacuate
 the central provinces.
 Mr, tUvxaov Jenxsew. What's
 that, Mr. Calhouc, we should eva
 cuate
 Mr. Csutocx.—We should evacuate
 th# central parts of the states now
 occupied, and call back the troops to
 a derated boundary, receiving sufficient
 territory for aK proper iadrmni*iee, the
 final derision to he subject to negoeia
 ties, as&gt; well as the expenees of the
 *er. It asay take years to secure i
 fM§Jfofs&amp;m dMemMa nng|m nglwMg Ittfidl dMfofi
 greet point ahull he gasaed—we aha!
 disentangle ourselves. We ere nee
 tied to a dead corpse, sad we shook
 disentangle ourselves from it as sow
 as possible. If we should only hi
 kept quiet, and pursue our «ru«
 international policy with masterly in
 activity, end wait the day for ewr de#
 v
r&gt;Kk tin****.
WHOLE NO. 11l
liny,we shall do better then to Mia
 ‘jrtrSJ^arSts
 jjrwige or peculiar a pen the Semite,
 they must attribute it to the ~r“tiinM
 of thirty-five years ago. Thfowaa oot
 the first tune he had opposed the policy
 •t war. In the case of the proposed
 reprisal epos France, he had rtood
 thnost alone in the Senate to resist it
 He was utterly opposed to it Ena-
 Mod was utterly apposed to it. Eng
 land had interfered, and no war to2k
 place. Ha admonished hie friends V
 the administration that there might bn
 •ome conlingenOMs te come, which
 they did not see—something an the vi
 gorous central prosecution of this war.
 from year to year, which would seal
 the deaih-warrhnt of our beloved insti
 tutions; and yet the party appeared to
 be reversing the order of their doc
 trines; they were opposed to the na
 tional debt; and the prosecution of this
 war was hourly adding to the national
 debt. The expenses of this campaign
 would be foundn equal to the expenses
 of the revolution. They were opposed
 to an increase of the patronage of the
 executive government; yet what could
 so rapidly increase it as the policy now
 pursued? They were in favor of a
 pure metallic currency, yet did we not
 all know, that our treasury notes and
 paper dock were becoming more
 more the staple of our country They
 were in favor orfree trade, yet the war
 thus sought to be prosecuted has al
 ready rendered it impossible to make
 any progress in free trade for many
 years to come.
 Hie alternative is pressing. It in
 magnanimous to retrace your steps
 when you are in error; it is an act of
 reason to sacrifice your mere pride for
 the good of the country. In saying
 that there is no alternative between
 this defensive line of policy and that of
 the President, I say so, because public
 opinion is made up, and there can bo
 no peace with Mexico, short of an
 acquisition of territory. Mr. CaJhoun
 only spoke to his friends on the whig
 side of the House, and bore testimony
 that though they had voted for the war,
 which he had opposed, they had dene it
 under promise, and for the relief of
 Gen. Taylor; but they had voted to
 get territory at the last session; and at
 this session, when the public sentiment
 was made up, the only way for safety
 wow was, the defensive, and it must ha
 adopted this session, er wa shall
 WjlK&amp;Sg*£
 worse. He would propose nothing now;
 but if he found that he should be sup
 ported in these views, lie shouftf yet,
 perhaps, move for a committee to con
 fer with the distinguished generals now
 in town, on the proper and best line to
 be adopted. It may not be this year?
 it may not be for many years; but wa
 shall secure a peace; we shall secure
 the great object of disentangling our
 selves.
 Mr. Calhoun having concluded, on
 motion of Mr. Sevier, the resolution*
 were then laid on the table', to be taken
 up again after the bill to increase the
 army has been disposed of.
 THE BERATE.
 Tar following is an extract Cron t letter
 frem the Albany Patriot* Washington come*
 pondaiit:
 Ihe Senate has changed faces g
 good deal in two ycara. A number of
 the old fritlan arc there yet, though
 somewhat crumbling. Mr. Calhonir
 grown old—irretrievably so. He was
 formerly erect as a May-pole—his hair
 brushed up, sh »rt and stiff, gave him,
 with the penetrating glance of hie eye,
 the air of authority and command. His
 hair is now allowed to hang flabby and
 flax-like upon his his lace is
 thiu and sharp as a w cdgJrf’sJii* spare
 and shadowy trunk stoops and curves
 at an angle of shout Ibrty-five. He
 looks like the forlornert Prime Mfofcfrr
 of all Christendom! Certainly the care
 of the Palmetto State is sport his arm;
 and that, to him, is ail the world! Poor
 wen! When Clay and Calhoun are
 gone, they have no successors m their
 exact position; no heir apparent to their
 pernicious influence. As things have
 gone the last century, what they call
 statesmanship has been the direst corse
 of mankind. The less we have of
 statesman craft, the better for tho
 world. lid us try to educate, tinder
 happier influences, and a better disci
 pline, the budding mind tbit is soon to
 rule the destinies of the world. Party
 traffic and government barter hava
 made sad havoc with public and pri
 vate morals, m they have with the
 weightiest interests of society. The
 mock dignity and sok-uui viJJames of
 our Senate stand in most deplorable
 gioiitrasi with the clear-sightedness,
 nigh-&lt;oo«d integrity and devotion to
 truth and duty that ought to character'
 tte its uctieik in the inflexible maintain
 eaee of justice, and is vindicating the
 claim* of universal human nature. 1
 will tell you more about the Senate at
 another time.
 A word now oh another subject,
 The infernal deeds of tyranny m ‘be
 form of ebtttelhood are still perpetrated
 here with sufficient enormity and grim
 I neea, one would think, to dtagurt and
 put to shame the “outride barbariane"
 .themselves. If we aum* mnamtm
 virtue end meefinree enougls among
 our people to eieanae thie Dutiifl from
 the foul prectioee of oppression, naturs
 is likely to take the work into her own
 hands St last. She Works on a double
 scale. The aspirations of freedom hava
 started a Wrong tide of emigration
 jjforlhward, and the issttgsrica* of
 avarice and deviltry have forced an
 other Southward! Betwfoaa the twe
 v in.
