Notices.
Mectiagi in Ike West.
 H«*nrv Wright, the Apnotle of Pwer&gt;,
 and ChaHw C. Burleigh, the ckwioanl Amt
 slavery Advocate, will held me.-ungs »t the
 following place*, \ii at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th A 17th
 New Brighton, l'.Hh A ifthii
 !,oui*ville Ohio 2AI
 Youngstown, sMth A 25th
 New Lyme ,h
 Paincsville,
 Chagrin Fall*. July ***t A *2.1
 Cleveland,
 Twiiwburgh, 1 h
 Kiel* told, h*h Oth
 Akron, Mtl,
 Ravenna, 13th At 1 Ith
 Randolph, 15th At 16th
 Massillon, lHih
 TV meeting* at New Lyme, (Vv*!an&lt;i
 nuitl Akron, w ill coinnnmcc at ten o'eloek, A
 M the oth.Ts, on the first day of the in t
 Mgs at two o'clock, I*. M.; subsequent da\:
 at 10 A. &gt;1
 The IrternL of Anti-Slavery and of Pear
 are requeued to make all necessary arrange
 moots lor the meetings, and give a.-&gt; wide
 notice as posable. Now is the time ti
 ag.tato.
 Persons cm avail themselves of this op
 portumty afforded by these me dings to pa 1
 for tlte Antt-Slavery .Standard, to Samvel
 Brooke.
 National Convention of the Liberty
 League.
 Notice.—Agreeably to the reeommenda
 tion of the Liberty Party Convention, held ii
 Aubuni, January 12th and 13th, l*4ri, a Na
 tiooal Liberty Party Convention will lie heh
 in the city of Buffalo, on the 14ih and 15t!
 da vs of June, IH4B.
 This Convention, from the fact that it is ex
 jiected to nominate candidates lor Presiden
 and Vice President; and to take high and ef
 furtive ground in hdialf of jiersonal liberty
 free-trade, free-xoil, exemption from the bur
 den and curse of war, and troin other viola
 tions of the equal rights of all men, will proba
 bly attract a large concourse of persons am
 be of a deeply interesting character.
 The Luca Family.
 This interesting Band of Musical childret
 are entertaining the public w ith exhibitions o
 their powers, vocal and instrumental, tliet
 were warmly greeted at several anniversary
 meetings in New York city. The Nations
 Era states:
 That the Luca Family consists o
 the parents and seven children, who are al
 excellent singers. They reside at New Ha
 ven, Connecticut, and are of pure African
 blood. The four lads who sang on this occa
 sion are from ten to fourteen years of age.
 The youngest is uncommonly skilful on the pi
 ano forte. Prof. Fitch, of New 7 Haven, we
 learn, pronounced him one of the musical ge
 niuses of the age. What will be thought,
 said the Chairman of the Committee, of New
 Haven, the seat of Yale college, when it is
 known, that although the school fund of Con
 necticut amounts to nearly two millions of
 dollars, these interesting lads are, by public
 opinion, virtually excluded from the common
 schools T
 The Reformer of N. J. thus gives them an
 encouraging word.
 Thk Luca Family.—Wo should not do
 justice to this highly popular colored Family,
 not to hasp ak for tliejn, a respectful patron
 age and hearing on Tuesday evening next.—
 The testimonials they present, as well as their
 programme, hear witness to their tuMc and ca
 pacity as musical pei formers.
 The New Postage Hill,
 The following are described to be some of
 the principal provisions of the bill reported by
 the Post Office Committee of the IT. S.
 House of Representatives.
 The circulation of all newspapers free of
 postage within thirty miles of the place of
 publication, not above the superficies ol
 1000 square inches.
 Pnder one hundred miles and over thirty,
 one half cent, over one hundred and for any
 0 distance oils cent.
 Newspapers above 1,000 inches to pay
 pamphlet and magazine postage, which is
 two cents for the first ounce, and half of
 one cent for all additional ounces.
 Newspapers mid ;r 500 square inches go
 free for the first 30 nules, and pay qiairter
 of one cent, for all greater distances. Tran
 sient papers pay two cents when not sent
 from the office of publication.
 Publishers of pamphlets, magazines and
 periodicals, are allowed a free exchange,
 the same as the publishers of newspapers.
 The Slave Mother Crossing The Ohio.
 We remember, says a writer in the True
 American, the story of a cruel master, who,
 without cause, ha-1 determined to sever a
 slave mother, and her only child. .She had
 been faithful under tho very worst usage, and
 she determined to remain so, until he told
 her, that on the morrow, her child must be
 borne to New Orleans to be sold there in
 the slave mart.
 It was mid-winter. The earth was frosted
 with a hard crust, yet at midnight she started
 for the Ohio, determined, if she could, to
 live and die with her child.
 She reached its banks as the pursuers rose
 the hill beyond—no boat was near—masses
 of broken iee were sluggishly drifting along
 —what was she to do 1 Trusting to heaven,
 she put her feet on the treacherous element,
 and with it bonding and breaking beneath
 her, (spectators oa either side expecting to
 see her and her child sink at every moment.)
 she boldly pushed on from cake to cake, until
 she landed safely on the Ohio shore. Fiva
 minutes sooner and she must have perished—
 two minutes later and she would have met
 with a watery grave, for before she had
 proceeded twenty steps the ice behind her,
 close on the Kentucky side, had broken and
 was scattered ore she reached the mid river.
 Thank Hod you and your child are safe,”
 exclaimed the hard-hailed master, as lie saw
 her land, rejoiced that ho had escaped the
 resonsihility of their death.
 Brave woman, said a Kentuckian who
 had witnessed her escape and met her at the
 landing, you have won your freedom and
 shall have it.” The mother and the child
 were kept together, and liberty and hive are
 »iow their lot in their humble but hannv
 b«w. U
 Was there no true heroism here, and is
 not the scene worthy the sweetest soim of
 jioetry or the holiest praise of man
 Emigrants.—The unprccdentedlv large
 number of 10,035 stoerags passengers arrived
 itt the Quarantine (iaouiyi on Saturday and
 Sunday, mostly Her mans, and in good health
 and circumstances. The vessels in which
 they come were in a very dean elate. our if
 Stiip Fever. —We learn from the Quebec
 papers that already there have been many
 deaths at Gross*; Isle. 'J he brig (Governor,
 from Limerick* out of L7l passengers, eigh
 teen died oti the passage and ten were sick
 whnu thf brig armed at the quarantine
 station, one wf whmu died tin* next day.
 In the new assembly of Franc near the
 oratorical tribune, w hich is directly in front of
 the President’s chair, are tuo largo U»x&lt;»,
 one with 00 scats, for the newspajrer Rejiorv.
 ere, the other vs ith I*2 for the Editor i-itt-d
American Anti-Slavcrr
 *rr*!ri or nun&gt;r»ic* oocclass.
 Frederick Doughs*. of R.irh *ter, srtcnd
 ed th« |&gt;hif*»nn when Mr. Phillip* bad finish
 ed, am) raid:
 Mr. -Cfvrirmam and Lm’irg and GtyJlmun
 It i* with great heaitaUw that I consent
 ti* rise here to «;&gt;e;,k, after the* aide speech to
 whnh you have ju»t listened. had lar
 rather remain a listener to of fu rs, than to bt
 o me myself a shaker at this stage of the
 |&gt;n*‘**edmi»» of this meeting. Ido not hope
 to be able, in the few r* marks I have to make,
 u&gt; l anything new or eloquent, if, inoeeO,
 anything new wete needed, lor it will be tune
 enough to di*cu&amp;» new truth." when old one*
 ►hall hart been recognized and adopted.
 for ae veil teen year?, Mr. huirinan, tin
 A holittrinist* of tbo l mted States have beet
 encountering obloquy, s.-orti, and opposition
 ol the niio-t furious eliaracter, for uttering
 what' I’heir conviction that a man is j
 mvn that every man belong* to tuinseit ant!
 to no one else. In proj ag:*u.ig tin? idea, thu
 simple proposition, wc have met with ull*urn
 of opposition, and with all sort* of arguments
 drawn from the liible, from the Constitution
 and fio n pliibstophy, ttil at length many hav*
 1 arrived at the sage conclusion that a mai
 1 is something llsc tnan a man, and that he ha.&lt;
 m»t the right* of a man. An event has jus
 occurred in the of oluuibu, the cap
 ital of the Country, known to you ail, vvhicf
 famishes the proof of this assertion. Sutm
 j seventy-seten men women and children, tool
 it into their heads, contrary to the Constitu
 lion, that they were men—-not thru-fifth* oj
 m n —that they would have the refined avo
 cation of blacking bools for nothing for mein
 bers of Congress and seek an asylum fruit
 oppression and tyranny in some ol the North
 j eru States, or under the protection of tin
 Dntish Lion in Canada. The sequel is wci
 known; they were pursued by a band of arm
 ed men overtaken, and brought back in chains
 t and the men who aided them in their fligh
 are in a dungeon, and there they will pr aba &gt;lj
 end their lives.
 Aery little is thought about this affair—
 very lutle noise is made about it. It excite.
 about as much remark, and about as mucl
 sympathy, as if as many horses had broker
 away from the halters of their owners, anc
 again been recovered.
 Sir, we have, in this country, no adequate
 idea of humanity yet; the nation does no’
 1 feel that these are men, it cannot see, througi
 f the dark skin and curly hair of the black man
 anything like humanity, or that has claims ti
 human rights. Ilad they been white mei
 and women, or were they regarded as humai
 beings, this nation would have been agitatet
 to its centre, and rocked as with an earth
 p quake, and like the nations of the old world,
 would have rung with the thunders of free
 dom against tyranny, at such an event as this,
 W e do not regard these men as formed in tlu
 image of God. We do not see that in tht
 persons of these men and women whose
 rights have been stricken down, wliftse vir
 tuous attempt to gain their freedom has beer
 defeated, the violation of the common rights
 of man. Even the gallant Hale, of the Lib
 erty party, does not dare to sjieak of the men
 I who aided their escape, as having done a no
 ble deed. To be sure, be can bring in a pro
 position lor the better protection of property
 in the District of Columbia, hut he makes ne
 allusion whatever to the rights of black men.
 This projHisition in relation to the rights of
 property, is regarded by his adherents as a
 noble act; as a timely measure as indicating
 great courage and heroism. Nor do I care to
 deny it. Hut what is the inference? If it be
 a noble act, a courageous act, to move in the
 Gapitol of the nation, in the Senate of the
 I United States, a bill to protect property from
 the assaults of a orutal and ferocious mob—it
 that be bold, of course it would be no less
 j daring and fanatical to move in that Dis
 -1 triet that the rights of man be protected.—
 (Applause.)
 1 do not propel to make a lengthy speech,
 hat 1 would like to say a few words about how
 these things look to others.
 wail soiiw power the giftir j»ic us,
 To sccouix-ls as ollicrs see us.”
 I would like to hold up to you a picture not
 drawn by an American pen or pencil, hut by
 a foreigner. want to show you how you
 look abroad in the delectable business of kid
 napping and shvedriviug. Some time since
 —I think it was in the December number ol
 Punch —I saw an excellent pictorial de
 scription of America. What think you it
 was? It was entitled,** Jirotlier Jonathan.
 It was a long, lean, gaunt, shrivelled looking
 creature, stretched out on two chairs, and his
 legs resting on the prostrate bust of Wash
 ington projecting from behind was a cat o’
 iinit* tails knotted at the ends around his
 person he wore a belt, in which were stuck
 those truly American implements, a bowie
 knife, dirk, and revolving pistol: behind him
 was a wlnpping-post, with a naked woman
 tied to it, and a strong-armed American citi
 zen in the act of scourging her livid flesh with
 acowskin. At his feet was another group;
 a sale going on of human cattle, and around
 the auctioneer's table were gathered the rr
 spixtability—the religion represented in the
 person of the clergy—of America, buying
 them for export to the goodly citv of New
 Orleans. Little further on, there was a scene
 of branding—a small group of slaves tied
 hand and foot, while their patriotic and phi
 lanthropic masters were burning their name
 into their quivering flesh. Further on, there
 was a drove of slaves, driven before the lash
 to a ship moored out in the stream, bound for
 New Orleans. Above these and several other
 scenes illustrative of the character of our in
 stitutions, waved the star-spangled banner.
 Still further back m the distance was the pic
 ture of the achievements of our gallant army
 in Mexico, shooting, stabbing, hanging, de
 stroying properly, and massacreing t.Te iuno
 cent with the innocent, not with ihe vuilty
 and over all this was a picture of the devil
 himself, looking down with satanic satisfaction
 on passing events (Laughter.) Here I con
 ceive to lie a true picture of America, and I
 hesitate not to say that this description fklls
 far short of the real facts, and of the aspect
 we bear to the world around us.
 Sir, although we have heard conflicting
 views uttered here U.-riay, of hopeful and de
 sponding aspect, (if, indeed, we have any de
 sjKjnding aspects brought to us still, 1 think
 much more may he said in behalf of the
 hopeful aspects. The signs of the times
 have already been alluded to; w. have verv
 §25*7 L'oxie beyond the limits of ihe United
 I see some of the audience are going out
 which makes me think I have spoken Jong
 enough some plants thrive better by facing
 cut Oil, and perhaps my speech may is well
 be cut off here not liecause theft- s no t more
 u be said, but because your energies havv
 been taxed quite cnougn already. (Fries u f
 go on Since then, you me u, v
 eecd, and, as Henry Clay WvBf j P T
 ways subject to the will of ,h, d i,
 be '..p,
 1 P roc&lt; d ‘"B wm.-irk ewiren.tr,.
 lie !«*prfj.l a.|KC ul Ihe limes
 u r fiomun, Nliite vour
 France. We have
 reumry, to bear mtieli till h
 America and Infidel France.” i
 10 l U U Urahce.thut Igo foV.hal infidel?/
 no mum r how heinous it nay be m
 outiou "I the American ,*„ple,
 strips Ihe chains fro,,, tl.- hn.U of Ur
 brethren; and agam*t that Christianity wfau-K
 p..t&gt; them (applause forth* mfidelgy
 w hid.,... the r« rson of (&gt;cm,e,.x, one of
 of tfco Frmnsmnal Government of
 speaks to the black and mulatto
 that come to ro„ ffr .uiiJi*!c them, aiul express
 lli.-tr sent linen Is upon the immediate emanci
 pation of then In el bu n in the French islands.
 I sympathize with ihat lu/i lehfv thitn,. uk.
 le lhe». I» ta.-bage tee .L-fri'4c
brothers! iron! (Applause.) In France,
 Utc negtu is a man, while you who are
 throwing up jrour cap*, waving your banner*,
 and nuking beauuiul apeecLe* m Utafc'w
 It’jerty, deny ua our humanity, and traffic m
 our licah. Six, I would like to bring tnc-n.
 vividly be fare thui audience, the wrung* ot
 my dow n-trudde-n countrymen. I hare bo
 disposition to kink at this mutter in any setm
 nwiital light, bet to brmg before you stern
 facta, and keep kawer beiore the Ainenctui
 people the damning ami disgraceful fact that
 three millions of people are in chains to-day
 that while we are here tjxakiiig m their be
 half, saving noble woids and doing noble
 de»da, they are under the yoke, suuuung be
 neath the la*h, sundered from each other,
 trutLcked tn and brutally treated arid thai tlie
 American nation, to keep them in tbeir pres
 ent condition, stands leadv with its ti n thou
 sand bayonets, to plunge them into their
 hearts, U they attempt to strike fuT their free
 dom. 1 want every man north of Muton and
 Dixon's line, whenever they attend an anti
 tJavery meeting, to rtiut tuber that it is the
 Northern arm that does this that you are
 not only guilty cf withholding your influence,
 bt.t that you are the positive enemies cf Urf
 slave, the [*ositive holders of the slave, and
 that in your right aim rests the physical low
 er that keeps him under the yoke. (Aj&gt;-
 plausc.) I want you to feel that lam ad
 dressing slaveholders, *j-caking to nit u win
 have entered luto a solemn league and coven
 i a:;t with the slaveholders cf the country, thai
 in any emcigency, li at any time the spirit ol
 fteedom finds a lodgment in the bosom of tht
 American slave, and they shall be moved U
 throw up barricades against tbeir tyrants, a*
 the French did in the streets of Farts, tha
 you, every man of you that swears to supper
 i the Constitution, is sworn to pour leader
 death in their hearts. 1 am speaking to slave
 holders, and if 1 speak plainly, set it no
 down to impudence, but to opposition to s!u
 very. For God's sake, let a n»3n speak w hei
 he cannot do anythingfebe when letters an
 on his limbs, let him have this small right o
 making his wrongs known; at least, let it I*
 done m New York. lam glad to see there n
 a disjxtsition to let it be done here—to allow
 him to tell what is in him, with regard to 1m
 own personal wrongs at any rate.
 Sir, I have been frequently denounced be
 cause 1 have dared to speak against the Ame
 rtcan nation, against the church, the northen
 churches especially, charging them with be
 mg the slaveholders of the country. I desiri
 to say here as elsewhere, that 1 am not at ai
 ambitious ol the ill opinions of my country
 men, nor do I desire their hatred but I mus
 say, as 1 have said, that I want no nian'i
 friendship, no matter how high he may stam
 in church or state, I want no man's sympa
 tides or approbation who is not ready to sink*
 the chains from the limbs of my brethren,
 do not ask the esteem ai.d friendship of am
 minister or any man, :io matter how high la:
 standing, nor do 1 wish to shake any inan'i
 hand who stands indifferent to the wrongs o
 my brethren. Some have boasted that whei
 Fred. Douglass has been at their houses, in
 has been treated kindly, but as soon as he go
 into their pulpits lie began to abuse them—
 that as soon as the advantage is given hi in, ht
 takes it to slab thoscj who befriend him.—
 Friends, 1 wish to stab no man, but if yoi
 stand on the side of the slaveholder, and crj
 out tlie Union a 3 it is,” the Constitutor
 as it is,” the Church as it is,” you may cx
 pect that the heart that throbs beneath this
 bosom, will give utterance against you. J
 am bound to speak, and whenever there is
 an opportunity to do so, I will speak againsl
 slavery.
 I meant to have said a word about Coloni
 zation, as I observed there was a vert/ dark
 looking individual here, (Gov. Finney, of Li
 beria,) for whose special henclit 1 wished tc
 say something on that subject. But as I d&lt;
 not sec him here now, there is no necessity tc
 discuss this subject fur his benefit. When lie
 was pointed out to me, 1 thought it quite re
 markable that so dark a man should lie in fa
 r of colonization but there are some simph
 minded men even among colored people
 (Laughter.) I will just say, however, tha;
 we have had some advice given us lately
 from very high authority. I allude to Henri
 Clay, who, in his last speech before the Colo*
 nization Society, at AV asliington, advised tht
 free colored people of the l idled States thai
 they had better go to Afiioa.
 He says he does not wish to coerce hr, but
 thinks we had better go! (Laughter and
 applause.) What right has hs to tell us u
 go We have as much right to stay here as
 he has, (Laughter.) 1 don't care if you did
 throw up your caps foi him when he came tc
 this city—l don't care if he did give you “hi*
 heart on ihe outside of the City Hall and his
 hand on the inside, 1 have as much rightti
 stay here as he has! (With great humor.)
 And I want to say to our white friends thai
 we, colored folks, have had the subject un
 der careful consideration, and have decided t(
 •stay! (Great laughter.) p want tosiy u
 any colonization friends here, that they mai
 give tbeir minds no furfher uneasiness on out
 account, for our minds are made up. (Laugh
 ter.) I think this is about the best argumem
 on that subject.
 Now there is one thing more about us col
 ored folks it is this, that under all these raosi
 adverse circumstances, we live, and move and
 have our being, and that too in |&gt;eace. (laugh
 ter.) and we are almost persuaded that then
 is a providence in our staying here. Ido no!
 know but tlie United States would rot in its
 tyranny if there were not some negroes in this
 land—some to clink their chains in the ear o:
 listening humanity, and from whose prostrate
 forms the lessons of liberty can be taught ti
 the whites. (Applause.) 'lt is through us
 now that you are learning that your our
 rights are stricken down. At this time it is
 tlie abolitionist lhat holds up the lamp thai
 shows the political parties of the north then
 fetters and chains. A little while ago, and the
 northern men were bound in the strange fa
 natic delusion that they had something to dt
 with making of Presidents of the U. States
 that is about given up now. No one now ol
 common sense, or common reading, imagines
 for a moment that New York has anything tc
 do with deciding who the President shall'he.
 They are allowed to vote, but what is the
 amount of this privilege It is to vote for the
 slaveholder, or whom the slaveholders select.
 No men that are now accounted sane think
 of any other than of a slaveholder or assassin,
 or both, who shall hold the destinies of the
 nation, (laughter)—and the reason is because
 the jienple are convinced that they belong—
 as they used to say—to the colored bovs ol
 the south, to the party. They used some
 times to ask me, Boy, who do you belong
 to?” and I used to answer, 44 To Captain
 Thomas Auld, of St. Michael’s, a classleadei
 in the Methodist Episcopal church; and now,’
 1 would ask, 44 who do you belong tot”—
 (laughter.) I will tell you. You belong tc
 the Democratic party, to ihe Whig party, at d
 these parties belong to the slaveholder, and
 the slaveholder rules the country. As tht
 boy said about ruling England 44 1 rul*
 mamma, and mamma rules papa, and papa
 rules the people, and the people rule Eng
 land.” To be sure you have the right it
 vote, which is like what 1 (Mice heard ol a cer
 tain boy, who said he was going to live will
 fits Uncle Hubert, and wheu I go there, raid
 he, lam going to do just as I please—if unclt
 Hubert will let me! The Northern people
 are going to do just as they p!oaar—if tht
 slaveholders will let them 1 ihe little bit ol
 opposition that has maniiested itself in thai
 little protuberance on American politic*—tht
 Wilntoi Proviso—which our friend Gay hai
 fully d-tcribed as a tempest in a teapot, I**
 now quite flattened down. The Whigs, whe
 said, We will stand by it at all hazards, bavt
 lairly backed out; they got afraid of ihi
 Union. In Ohio. I beard men, striking then
 fists together, saying they would stand by it
 at all hazards; aud alter a little while'the
 Him .Slate Legislature came to the conclu
 sion, after having carefully considered the
 uiatier, that “lu pres* the question of »o more
 slave territory, must b.* disastrous to out
 American l umu New Yotlt can.u out
Mpnfdjr in far or of the Fnmpo, and i* has
 stace free# that the Union wafthe ]mik'd by
 adherence to that principle jfrd illwcr the
 North there »this fawtidpißg before that
 Cier which was Nfirne tuJSf ned, a* has
 n Mwiuqueatlv tn ched u|l« ty my frn ud
 I’hillijw; f« r while mea fcoktup their bands
 in favor of the t'tnon aad tWJTns&amp;itt.tjoti.
 there a moral conflict in flieteltearta. for, as
 was so beautifully ex; mated Mr. Parker,
 at Boston, men cannot fight sfaverjT under
 the Constitution the Constitution coils the
 armor about them we cannot strike slavery
 while we have it on us there is no other way
 but to throw h off.
 1 have no prepared speech, and I will not
 weary you any longer. 1 have
 thought since the ljtc occurrence in Frzncej
 there may be an under current re men 'a heart*
 here as there was in Paris; Louis Philippe
 thought himself perfectly secure surrounded
 by ins 300,000 soldiers, who, with fixed
 bayonets, were ready to support lum in the
 cupi rei-sicn of the riots but ihe trooj s w ere
 i found to fraternize with the people; the sol
 dier joined the civilian to assert and defend hi*
 rights. So believe here, after all we have
 sanl against the American people, there w yel
 i an under current nervadihg the mass of tiii*
 country, uniting Democrat and Whig, anti
 men of no party, taking bold in quarters wt
 know net of, which shall one day nse up ir
 one glorious fraternity for freedom, uniting
 into one mighty phalanx of freemen to brinj
 down the haughty citadel of slavery with al
 its bloody towers and turrets.
 Thcrt’r a good tone coming, boys,
 A ffixul time coming,
 \Vait a liitie longer.
 Wc may not live to m*c the day,
 Put cuttli shall glisten in die my
 Of the good time coming;
 CauacHi fails uiay aid the liuth,
 tint ihoUi-ht a weapon stroiiger,
 t ’ll u in the liuule hy its aid,
 VN ait a little longer.”
 The Captured Slaves.
 The Haverhill Gazette has the following
 notice of the .disgraceful proceedings a
 Washington. The Northern doughfaces wh&lt;
 are continually ptaticg about tiie sanctions o
 the Constitution, the inviolability of the Un
 ion, &amp;.c., may read it with advantage
 The capture and imprisonment of som&lt;
 sixty or seventy runaway slaves, togethei
 with the captain and crew of the vessel ii
 which they had taken passage, has occasions
 great excitement at the seat of government
 fur some days past, and large tnulis, header
 by pTOiniiieut and professional men, havt
 gathered, night after night, for the purpose o
 intimidating and driving from the Capital tin
 editor of the National l ira. The whole pro
 ceeding, out of doors and in Congress, has
 been disgraceful in the extreme. That th&lt;
 capital of a Free Republic should be tht
 j scene of such proceedings, is enough to pu
 1 every northern freeunm to shame. Th&lt;
 southern slave party have hr i: so long accus
 j turned to command,and thr ma th,or so much o
 the north as give them the control, to obey,that
 now,when their dictation is beyond leason ant
 endurance, they claim obedience as a right.
 I The truth is, the north have conceded tot
 much and too long to the south, for the sake
 jof party. They have virtually acknowledge*
 their right to rule, and their right to say by
 w hom they will rule. And there is a disposi
 lion now among a large class of men of boil
 parties, to wink at such acts as have trans
 pired within tiie last few days at Washington
 and gloss over the conduct of some of the moL
 i members of Congress who were promineir
 actors, and to condemn the friends of freedom
 of Immunity, and of good order, and this dis
 position is occasioned by a fear of oif'endiur
 Whigs, whom they expect to conciliate inti
 the support of a Northern Whig for the Pre
 sidency.
 Now, as much as we might wish theii
 friendship, we arc utterly opposed to a course
 |of cringing servility to maintain it lor
 w hile by such a measure we may avoid oni
 evil, we are creating others of greater magni
 tude, and forcing ourselves into a dilemma,
 from which we could be extricated with diffi
 culty.
 We do not believe the South will concede i
 particle to the north, or consent to the nomi
 nation of a northern man for the Presidency.
 They are wedded to slavery, and they are tie
 termini d that the vantage they have garnet
 shall not be voluntarily yielded up, and if the
 north choose to vole for their man, they arc
 united, and if not, they will support lnu
 alone. There is a largo j art of the Whig
 party who are opposed to the extension o!
 slavery, and their number is increasing and
 strengthening every day, and they are destined
 ere long to swallow up the Whig party, un
 less it shall cease its subserviency to southern
 men and southern measures for the perpetuity
 of their peculiar institutions, tor the southern
 votes, to the neglect of northern interests and
 j northern independence.
 The day has gone by when men will be ca
 joled by the professions of politicians of eitliei
 party, and if they wish to secure the co-oper
 ation of the mass of intelligent and indepeud
 ent freemen, they must act what they pro
 -1 less. The South cannot expect, when they
 thus attempt to run riot, that they will have
 the sympathy of ihe north. When a Presi
 dent can see a mob assemble night after night,
 to luuzzh the press, to attempt the destruction
 of property, bullying and threatening free cit
 izens, and contents himself by simply re
 questing the Clerks iu the Departments not to
 join the mob,” we think he winks at it.—
 When a southern judge encourages a inob to
 drag f ree men to jail, to be sold into bondage,
 to glut his vengeance, we are unwilling to tie
 guided by such council. The south create the
 issue of North and South, and we are forced
 to meet it, or bow in submission lo their
 guidance. Are we so craveu as to follow the
 blind lead of those whose rule is anarchy
 ■Shall we sutler the temple of liberty to be
 supped from the foundation, and penult our
 selves to be the willinginslruineulsuf our own
 degradation
 French Liberty nud American Mobs.
 The Pa. Freeman contains a report of the
 proceedings of a “French Sympathy Meeting
 of Abolitionists,” held in Philadelphia. Af
 ter some excellent resolutions had been pre
 sented, and remarks made upon them the re
 port goes on to say
 “At this stage of the nu-enug Thomas
 Earle introduced some as an
 amendment, or supplementary i titose before
 the meeting, which he defend* d m a speech
 highly laudatory of the American nation its
 forbearance, magnanimity, and Christian con
 duct. The resolutions elicited a very earnest
 debate, which bec-une uiloriual and general.
 At its close, Mary Grew brieily addressed the
 audience!
 “My friends We arc a great peopk*; we
 are a glorious people we are a model Repub
 lic we are the most forbearing, magnanimous
 Christian nation under Heaven. V\ e never
 have mobs; we never burn churches or fire
 Hulls. American mobs never throw printing
 presses into rivers, and shoot their owners
 through the heart. Go ask the slaves of the
 South if we are not forbearing go ask the
 red man of the western wilds if we are not
 magnanimous; go ask Mexico, weltering in
 her blood, mourning over her demolished
 churches and talkn altars, if we are uot a
 h Indian people. Why, the fervor of the
 piety of the nation was so deeply imprinted
 on our armies, that they used for wadding
 their instruments of death, the very page* til
 the Bible. Who says we ape not a f.'lmstiao
 nation, m the face of all these frets!
 My friend*, it i* not possible that ap intelli
 gent audience Deeds fact or argument to re
 fute ihe statement* which have been made by
 one of the speakers here to-night. In the
 early part of this meeting, when I heard
 f ranee hj-oken of, my thoughts were across
 the ocean to that sunny land wfw*rs men
 broken theii chains, and 1 saw in fancy the
 representative* of America sent luyiautr the
 r*&gt;«,|utioi of sympathy uni Miijlau n re-
rmtly adopted by this people; prcarntin
 them In the French people, in the present
 of La matt mo icd his colleagues, and bear
 ihens ask: What was yoor own govermnet
 l doing when these resolutions were adopte
 j whh acclamation by admitmg crowds l Wha
 was your Congress doing at that hour An
 what waa the answer l They spoke it mu
 for very shame but the voice of truth ar
 awered, that white the people were gn there
 in these enthusiastie assemblies to congTatii
 late France on her effort to obtain freedun
 our legislative halls were agitated with
 fierce debate upon the question whether c
 not slavery was in accordance with right, an
 ought to exist in the model Republic.” B«
 cause three bold men dared to stand up an
 assert the God-given right of all men to libel
 ty, how the Senate Chamber and Hall of K&lt;
 piesentauvca were throw n into confusion
 What strife and tumult was there? Yes
 think w hat your legislators were doing whe
 VjKir masses were shouting paraits of praise t
 rance Standing up in balls consecrated t
 law, and justifying a mob! Oh, what
 spectacle was that for the vision of the Frenc!
 people to rest upon! Think of the seen
 which, at that time, was being enacted a
 your own loved Capital. Fifty slaves, pinini
 with the k»ve of Freedom, such as fired th
 breast ol the Frcneh, had attempted to tak
 their birthright and had been defeated. The
 w ere sold and chamed, and driven off to thei
 different destinations in the far ISouth. On
 ol your legislators stood by and witnessed th
 i parting scene, heard the temble cry of brokei
 hearts as they were sundered forever. Am
 this was done by law. Oh, are we not agio
 rious, Christian people? Those shouts of ac
 I ckmation and joy for France, as they ascend
 ed to the sky, mingled with the leuuer, deep
 er w ail ol those sundered spirits, made in tin
 image of our God and though you heard i
 not above those loud huzzas, it rose clear am
 j distinct to the cars of angels. And is it fo:
 us to congratulate France? Shall we extent
 our hands, all dripping with blood, across tin
 ocean, to grasp her in fraternal fellowship
 i Shall they speak words of encouragement am
 chedrtoher; whose lips are polluted will
 vows of allegiance to slavery
 “Do you love France l)o you love Free
 dom Then show your love by works.—
 Only those who are doing what they can t&lt;
 j efface this stain from their country’s banner
 have any right to join in these congratulations
 i On any other lips, they are a bitter mockery
 and a burning rebuke. It matters little how
 these resolutions are disposed of, but it is a
 mailer of great importance to every one of us,
 on which side we are found,in this great con
 troversy between Oppression aud Libci ty n
 which cause we dedicate ourselves to-night,
 Therefore choose ye whom ye will serve, the
 god of this nation, and bow down at theslmne
 of slavery, or like men, women, Christians,
 stand ur&gt; in your strength, to seek ils destruc
 tion. If you would be qualified to extend aid
 and sympathy to France, in her struggle,
 come and be baptized at the altar of Freedom
 and at her shrine consecrate yourselves to the
 work of abolishing American slavery.”
 The question was then taken on Thomas
 Earle's resolutions and they were lost.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER',, JUNE i, 1848.
Slaveholding and Methodism.
 That reverend gentlemen are, yr should be
 expected to be any better than other people, is
 jan article which is now well nigh exploded
 from the creed of all rationally thinking men.
 JJut as their professions are generally a degree
 higher, when vice and immorality are proved
 against them, they appear, in their case, so
 much the more heinous. The Rev. Mr. Sheer,
 in a letter published in the National Kra, at
 tempts to clear himself and the church with
 which he is connected from the imputation ol
 being connected with slavery. He aays, in
 reply to Mr. Slingerlaud's letter, which wc
 copied last week
 You first say that the owner of the slaves
 is the notorious slave dealer of Baltimore.
 and that hr. is a mnnbtr of the Methodist
 'hvrch in good and regular standing. It is
 not my place here to discuss the nature of Mr.
 S.'s business, but to say plainly, for the infor
 mation ot the public, that he is not nor has he
 ever been, a member of the Methodist Church,
 so far as mv knowledge extends. And I say
 further, that I have never known or heard of a
 member of the Methodist Church being enga
 ged in the domestic slave trade, either here°or
 further south, until 1 heard it through yourlet
 ter and you sir, have the unenviable respon
 sibility of am :opting, solitary and alone,’
 to cast this imputation upon the lamest de
 nomination of Christians in the United States,
 and not inferior to any other in piety, useful
 ness, and respectability.”
 It is not my place here to discuss the na
 ture of Mr. S.’s business.” Does Mr. Sh
 eer consider slave selling right or wrong
 If right, and the fact that he shook hands, as
 he himself allows, with one who lived by the
 fruits of slavedealing would naturally lead to
 this conclusion, it was not necessary or to be
 expected that he should “discuss the nature
 of Mr. S. s business.” His popularity even
 as a Methodist preacher ‘would not be greatly
 enhanced by the announcement of his appro
 val. But if lie believes slavery to be wrong
 —directly contrary to the genius and spirit of
 Christianity, what better time could he have
 chosen to give a fifll and explicit declaration
 of that belied, than this when he was directly
 accused ol lending the sanction of his name
 and influence in favor of a notorious slave
 dealer One would think that ho would ea
 gerly have availed himself of this opportuni
 ty-
 He has never known or heard of a mem
 ber of the Methodist Church being engaged
 in the domestic slave trade.” Where has he
 been for the last ten or twenty vears T It
 would not In.* dllicult to furnish him with a
 number of instances. Oae, however will suf
 fice for the present purpose. The Rev, C. S.
 Renshaw formerly of Quincy, 111. but now a
 missionary to t.*»e West Indies, in a letter
 vrtitten in l-ilirt or '3‘J to the author of .Sla
 very as it is” fur publication in that work,
 says
 A Mkthowst PiEirucß last fall took a
 load of produce down the river. Amongst
 other thtiigs he took down five slaves. He
 sold them at New Orleans—he came up to
 Natche*—tumulit seven there—and took them
 down and sold them also. I*ast inarch he
 came up to preach the Gospel again. A num
 ber of persons on board the steamboat (the
 I uscarora,) who had seen him in the slave*
 shambles in Matches and New Orleans, and
 now, for the first time, found him to be a
 preaches, had much sport at the expense of
 the fine old preacher who doalt in slaves,’
 This will ba enough to refresh his memory
 tm that point. But are not all slaveholders
 also gjavedealors I)u they not .buy and sell
 and barter God's imago And are not many
 of them members of the Methodist church?
 Till Mr. Sheer or some other Metlmdui
 friend of slaveholders can prove that there are
 do slaveholders in 41 good and regular stand
 ing ’’with the Methodist church, it will be
 to little purpose, as a means of clearing the
 character of that ehureh, that Mr. Sheer, or
 any one else denies that the notorious Slatler
 i$ connected with it. His crime is of a dif-
form! desfription, but it is not a whit mon
 criminal than that of the satire gang of slave
 holding am] dare breeding ’chivalry* and Sen
 atora, whose connection witliMethodist, Pres
 bytenan, and other churches is never deniev
 nor disputed. It is melancholy, hot not tb&lt;
 less true, that the American church is lfw
 principal support of Slavery. If the chord
 had dooe its duty in this matter, slavery wouk
 long since have been abolished tHftwghou
 this professedly Christian country; and thi
 mere supposition that such a scoundrel as thi
 davcdealing Slattcr coukl be in any way coo
 nected with it, would now be scouted ai
 utterly absurd and impossible.—j. o.
 Abolition of Slavery in the French
 Colonies.
 The following decree has just been pub
 lished by the Provisional Government o
 France. Lt American RepubUcau slave
 holders and their abettors, read and uiwardh
 digest it, and they cannot fail to acquire a
 better understanding than they have hnhcrU
 had ot what is meant by the inalienable righ
 of every man to life, liberty, and the pur
 suit of happiness.”
 The Provisional Government, considering
 that slavery is an attempt against the diguitj
 of man that by destroying tl»e freedom o
 nun, it suppresses ihe natural principles o
 right anti duty that it is a flagrant violatioi
 ol tha Republican dogma of liberty, equality
 and fraternity that unless effective measure;
 follow closely the proclamation already madi
 of the principle of abolition, deplorable dis
 orders may arise in the colonies, decrees—
 Article 1. Slavery shall be entirely abol
 islied in all the colonies .and possessions o
 France, at the end of two months after thi
 promulgation of litis present decree in eacl
 of them. From the promulgation of thi:
 present decree in the colonies, all corpora
 punishment, all sales of iion-liberuted person!
 shall be absolutely interdicted.
 2. The system of engagements for period:
 ol time, established at Senegal, is suppressed
 3. Governors or conmussaries-g» -ucraJ o
 the Republic are charged with applying tin
 measuies suitable for insuring emancipatior
 at Martinique, Guadaloupe and its dejicnd
 encies, the island of Reutinn, Guiana, Sene
 gal, and the other French settlements on tin
 western coast of Africa, the Island of MayotU
 and its dependencies, and Algeria.
 4. All slaves condemned to afflictive oi
 corrective punishments for acts which, it com
 nutted by free men, would not have beet
 visited wjjJi these punishments, are pardoned
 All individuals transported as an admim&amp;trat
 ive measure, are recalled.
 5. The National Assembly shall fix th&lt;
 indemnity to lie granted to the colonists.
 0. The colonies, purified from slavery, an&lt;
 the possessions in the Indies, shall be rep re
 sente J at the National Assembly.
 7. The principle, tluit the soil of Franc&lt;
 emancipates the slave who touches it, is ap
 plied to the colonies and possessions of thi
 Kopublic.
 8. In future, every Frenchman, even whei
 in a foreign country, is interdicted from pos
 sessing, purchasing, or selling slaves, an
 from participating, directly or indirectly, i
 any traffic ur dealing of this nature. Ever
 infraction of these provisions shall involve th
 loss of the quality of a French Citizei
 Nevertheless, Frenchmen who shall fin
 I themselves alfected by those provisions, sha
 be allowed three years to conform, from th
 j time of the promulgation of tins deeie*
 Those who may become possessors of slave
 by inheritance, gift, oi marriage, shall, unde
 the same penalty, emancipate or alienut
 j them within the same delay, from the day o
 which their possession shall have commenced
 Flie Minister of the Marine and colonic
 and the Minister of VVaf, are each, so far a
 concerns him, charged with the execution u
 the present decree.
 Done at Paris, in Council of Government
 this 27th of April.
 Slaves nre Happy and Contented
 Now and then a ease occurs, in which tin
 slave prefers bondage to freedom; and it doe
 not fail to be paraded throughout the Soull
 as testimony in favor of the patriarchal insti
 tulion. Here is one stcli instance
 An aged slave, who had been reccnth
 lilierated in Virginia, and sent to Indiana whci
 he was too old to work, passed up the Ohi&lt;
 river the other day, on the steamer Telegrapo
 alone, on his return to his old master, lfii
 heart was in “Old Virginny, ’and he had u&lt;
 happiness, even with liberty, in the land o
 strangers.”
 Wonderful generosity When this negri
 was too old to work, he was turned adrif
 upon the world w hen he could not take cart
 of himself, he was sent among strangers
 This noble and generous master surely de
 serves immortality or—a halter.
 But here is another instance which speaks
 more plainly, and i:i a language not to lx
 misunderstood, the sentiments of the happ\
 and contented bondmen
 A slave trader from the south purchased
 a negro man, wife and child, in Covington,
 Kentucky, and placed them in jail for sail
 keeping. On Thursday night, the woman,
 in the excitement of despair, murdered bei
 child, by cutting her throat, after which tin
 man cut the woman's, and then Ins own.—
 The former are dead —tin* letter was living at
 last accounts, with hut faint hopes of life re
 covery.”
 Instances such as this are of frequent oc
 currence, and we pass them by asa“ tale that
 is told." Ilieancient Romans, who disdained
 to live a life of ignominy, and preferred death
 to bondage, have been bold up to the world
 as character* worthy of applause; vet,
 wherein do they differ from this poor, name
 less slave, who, to escape the operation of a
 system which is sanctioned by the.laws ol
 this Christian Kcj übhc, committed this fear
 ful tragedy How hollow is the profession
 of Christianity, and how ridiculous is it to
 boast ol freedom ui a land w here such scenes
 occur! haute and infamy, burning and
 eternal, op those who sanction and uphold
 tin; commission of this outrage upon the
 rights of man p,
 IxFLCEHC* OP THE GosPEL l POS
 It u stated that in Liberty County, Georgia,
 where a joint mission is earned on by the
 Presbyterians and Baptists, among a colored
 population of 1,212, (more than one
 iburth) are members of some church, and are
 remarkably correct in all their moral habits.—
 Bustun Courier.
 bat can be more absurd than to *(«-ak of
 teaching comet and moral habits to a chattel,
 where mamagi i» sanctioned and disirv
 garded, anti a pr» iniura is set upon ignorance
 and debauchery Do the Presbyterians and
 Baptists of Georgia never think of the piopn
 ety of bringing the slaveowner* under the
 influence of the goapel”! Their labors
 would be contracted within much narrower
 limits, and would be pioducthre of much bet
 ter results’, if they would begin there. They
 night, as the slaveowners of Georgia cannot
 hut he excessively ignorant, begin at the be
 ginning, and teach them this gospel, thal
 man created in tiie image of God they
 might teach that he who su-afeth a man an 4
 sclfeth him, should surely be put to death
 after that, they might fegw, but eautlmudy, ti
affirm that 11 all mrn are brethren;
 might then read for tbeir especial benefit, se
 veral times in succession, the entire epiaile 01
 James. When these hm prweipfr* are firm
 ly engrafted upon the slaveowners* minds,
 they might ascend, with at least some pro*
 pect of their being understood, and appreci
 ated, to higher and more abstruse doctrines.
 Is it not possible to bring at least one
 fourth** of the few thousands of slaveholden
 under the influence of this gospel! Try
 j. t&gt;.
 Cm Cm agrees Interfere with Insert i
 The United States Congrew either hare
 or hare not the power to legislate on slavery,
 If they hare not, why do they do it t and i(
 they hare, why do they not carry their legis
 lation further Mot many days since, a bill
 to pay for a slave, who left his master, in
 Prince George's county, in August, 1841,
 was discussed in the House. It this is not
 legislating on slavery, what is! If the
 North may be called upon to pay for runaway
 slaves, why may they not question the pro
 priety of the South having slaves at all
 is a poor bargain in which all the advantages
 are on one side.
 Senator llutler, of South Carolina, lately
 expressed himself in the following emphatic
 manner on Southern slavery
 I feel that: the sentiment of the North
 against the institution of slavery is advanc
 ing with the certainty of the malaria from the.
 Pontine marshes—with the certainty of all
 progressive movements, and there is no dis
 guising it.
 f rom the time of the Missouri Compro
 mise, tho spirit of fanaticism has gone on
 with accelerated rapidity, and it now forms
 one of the dangerous elements of sectional
 ambition.
 I declare solemnly heft re I leaven, that I
 believe we are in a doom, ,1 minority, and that
 it is the duty of the Suuili to take some
 measures to avert the evil.
 1 make the prediction, that should any
 part of Mexico come into tin* acquisition of
 this Union, there w ill be provision ii.:reduced,
 to prohibit slavery.”
 The follow ing is probably tlie result of this
 wise Legislator's belief, and the means he
 would adopt to avert w hat he calls the threat
 ened evil”:
 Washington, May 3, 18-18.
 -4 Bill to compel the General Government to
 support Mai ny —Protection to Colored Cit
 tznis of the Fret States.
 A hill of vital importance to the States
 was presented to the Senate this morning,
 from the Judiciary Committee, by Mr. Duller
 ot South Carolina, to protect slaveholders,
 and aid them m reclaiming their fugitiie
 slaves. Accompanying the bill was quite a
 lengthy report which Mr. 11. read; also a
 i report from the Kentucky legislature upon
 the same subject, which rei«»rt went to show
 that certain slaveholders in that Slate pursued
 some hall dozen slaves belonging to ihcin, to
 Marshall, in the State of Mieligian, where
 they were prevented from taking ihem by
 a large mob, their own persons exposed In
 violence, and they were ordered out of the
 Slate.
 1 lie report of the Committee states that
 ('digress has no right to interfere to prevent
 slaveholders from reclaiming the liigittve
 slaves, hut on the other hand, they are bound
 hv express provisions of the Constitution to
 .ml in protecting them in holding this property
 —that some of the free states had passed
 laur- in direct violation ot these provisions of
 tho Constitution, and made tbeir public offi
 cers and citizens liable to heavy penalties in
 case they assist the master in obtaining his
 fugitive slaves.
 I They also claim that the law of 1703 is
 unjust, has been misconstrued, and they ask
 for its repeal. Jhe grievances contained in
 the report of the Judiciary Committee, and
 the report ot the legislature of Kentucky,
 accompanying it, are numerous. Ami sum
 ming up the whole matter, the Committee
 come to the cool, and deliberate decision, that
 their only safety—the safety of locomotive
 property*— is in Congress, anti hence ihe hill,
 vv hicli empowers all officers of the Federal
 Government, postmasters, clerks, attorneys,
 and al! who are in the employ of Uncle Sam,
 to aid the master in capturing his runaway
 slaves. These officers are, by the hill, em
 powered to act as magistrates, and the master
 or Ins agents or attorneys, can bring the lib
 erty-panting pilgrim liefore them, prove pro
 perty, make the government pay charges, and
 ihey can take him away. Furtlier, if anv
 person attempts to prevent the master or his
 agents from reclaiming their slaves, they are
 subject to a line of one thousand dollars, to
 be recovered in an action of debt, before any
 court having jurisdiction of the case.—
 Ihe reading ol the reports took nearly
 one hour, and when it closed a motion was
 made and carried to print ten thousand extra
 copies.
 Mr. Hale then submitted a resolution,
 which also passed, to instruct the Judiciary
 Committee to inquire into and report w hat ac
 tum is necessary to protect the colored citizens
 ol the iioii-siavebolding States. Thus yon
 see that the Judiciary Committee of the Sen
 ate of the United States have aimed a direct
 blow to the annihilation of on- of the most
 important principles of the Constitution, by
 subjecting and prostituting i-.,. Federal Gov
 ernment to the support ol slavery. Will the
 jxople of the free States submit to such a
 palpable violation of ibeir rights! Will they
 consent to pay their proportion of money to
 keep m being an institution abhorrent lo heaven
 and all good men More of this hereafter
 Huston Whig.
 1 oor, mistaken Senator f even this will not
 do anything lo save your darling institution.
 It is doomed.” It is a great lie,” which
 all your buttresses ofe legislation cannot sup
 port. ihe “spirit of fanaticism,” as you
 are pleased to call it, which, iti other words,
 means the spirit ot truth,” is stronger than
 the spirit a slavery, ami all your u.eaaurea
 to avert the evil" will be vain and unavailing,
 —I. D.
 ShAVKks Cafti kkd—Two Brazilian slave
 schooners, one with four hundred siaves*oi\
 board, and the other with only the crew, hut
 fitted up as a slaver, armed al Sierra Intone
 on the I6th of April, prizes to Hritish mett-of
 war.
 IT/* Tho lion. J. Crowell will please ac
 cept our thanks for a copy of the speech of Mr.
 [ridding* of O no, on the bill to pay the exec
 utrix of Benjamin Hodges, deceased, for a
 Slave who left hu master in Prince George's
 guilty, in August, 18l l,and was supposed to
 have escaped on board the British Feet.
 Nosth Stax, Noe. 2\ and SuL-In coo*s
 i}ucnce of a greater increase than war antic.,
 pared to our subscription list, our issue of those
 two numhera has fallen short of the demand.
 V\ ill friends ftyror us by returning their spare
 copies.
TO CORKIXPOMIKNIH.
 C.. EdiutNtgb.—Revived and »iii be u
 •wrrmi.
 il. F. U., Wtterltm.—*Receirc4 TU&gt; pepere
 t* mm a* JirrclcJ.
 Jl. H. U., ('luciutMUi.—May 2kMJi received. C*»i\
 credited.
 K. F. Si., OU-rlui, (or \V. \V.~ Rm-ived.
 4- Ne« ll«wu.— Mu 2fali, Receivedf
