Communications.
Impendence.
 Perhaps there ra no (neater obstacle in the
 of Reform, than this everlasting depend
 rrKe on society for a living. The merchant,
 the mechanic, the law yer, the editor, and the
 minister, are all mote or le*s deterred flora
 f j*ah»»g out ajrainst popular sin* and institu
 t,oon. for by doing thus, they fear to loae pa
 tronage. and thereby the means of living. Ai
 tlu* moment I have those in my mind «h&lt;
 wo iM lie oiitupoken for reform and improve-
 m nt, were they freed from this dependence
 and haul a competence or living secured, li
 assuredly i» a bad state of things that thus
 fitters a man's mind, and compel* him t&lt;
 suppress his convictions of right, in order tr
 obtain bread. Some of the more resolute,
 fearless and thoughtful, have risen superior t«i
 such things, and trampled them under f*»t,
 defying the frowns and contumely of the
 world, and the impending prospects of poverty
 and neglect. Such heroes are greater far
 than those who win that title on the battle
 field. The memory of the latter shall nol,
 w hile the former shall he held in everlasting
 remembrance. 1 be one is the hero of J ruth
 and Right—the other, of error and unnght
 «‘ousn as.
 'Hi timid 1 and conservative, though many
 4,f them, arc well-im uung mid amiable, lack
 it,.- moral heroism to identify themselves w ith
 any movement which thereby endangers their
 reputation or living. 1 have been frequently
 advised by mvne of my friends of this con
 native disposition, to cease my co-operation
 with abolitionists and refonneis. which ren
 red me obnoxious to the multitude, and that
 inv circumstances were such as to require the
 good opinion and patronage of all and that 1
 muld not .Ilford to be a reformer! These
 councils have doubtless had their influence, as
 all ciieumstanees have and it is greatly to be
 regretted that wrong has so many advocates
 and truth so few, and that society is mean
 enough to stv to a man, 11 iieve as 1 do, or
 starve!" This it do.», virtually, by giving
 him a had name, withdrawing patronage, in
 juring liis character and crushing his influ
 ent"; and thus hundred 1 are alarmed, and
 are dumb for the right. They suppress their
 ruin j- tions, and succumb to a corrupt public
 sentiment and gory slavery and devouring
 war continue llieir riot on human hearts,
 uiusuidemncd by their dependants,who fear to
 speak.
 There aro those, however, who have no
 Midi excuse to plead, who are above want,
 who are comparatively secure from depend
 ence, and arc deterred, not from the fear of
 jHiverty, but from baser motives. With such
 men, money-making is the absorbing idea—
 the controlling thought—the paramount con
 sideration—the chief end of existence w hile
 truth, righteousness, Christianity, if at all
 thought of, are merely incidental. Money
 making first; everything else afterwards.—
 How infinitely demeaning is such a spirit,
 and vet how widely it prevails! Why should
 iliosc fear who have homes secured, and an
 ahuii lance at command ?—why should they
 lie forever grabbing, grasping, struggling,
 agonizing for more and more, and more
 why do they not li dp those to get homes, or
 a foothold on ih 1 earth, “who have not where
 to lay llieir heads?”—why do they not extend
 their baud to relieve the oppressed, and by
 this bless, and happily, and beautify the
 world, instead of monopolizing ihe gifts of
 God, and causing sorrow, and desolation, and
 poverty Alas! they are deterred from
 these noble acts by a spirit the most paltry
 and unworthy.
 Hut as a class, the clergy exert more influ
 ence than any other, in moulding the eliarac.
 ter of a nation, and are consequently the
 more ca|ablc for maintaining that silence
 which gives consent” to* the sins of the age.
 If any man more than another should possess
 an intrepidity of soul, an earnestness of pur
 pose, and an unwavering adherence to piinci
 ple—who should be daunted by no threats,
 tinawcd by no violence, who should go forth
 with high resolves, relying upon the power o*
 truth, and determined to speak that truth, ii
 should be he w ho professes to be a guide ant
 an instructor to the people. No fears of pov
 erty —no prospects of scorn and neglect—in
 scowl from the rich, nor cursings from tin
 aristocratic or conservative, would deter bin
 for a moment from decrying popular error
 and vices. But how few we see of this de
 seription They are almost universally look
 •ing for their reward in dollars and cents, ii
 winning a popular name, and securing wcaltl
 for themselves and families. They are no
 irut men, nor true ministers, or very difleren
 would he their course.
 MILO A. TOWNSEND.
 May 10, 1848.
 The Ohio ltl.u k Lnws.--&gt;o. 2.
 'When the t'(invention met that formed tlu
 t '(institution, abutting Ohio as one of tlu
 Stales uf this confederacy, it inserted in the
 preamble, to that instrument the following, it
 part as the declaration of principles tt|ton
 which should rest the superstructure of the
 State Government.
 •“We, the people of the Eastern division, of
 rtlit territory of the United States, North-east
 •vl the river Ohio, having admission into tlu
 (I nioji Ac., in order to establish justice, pro
 mote the welfare, and secure the blessings o
 liberty to ourselves, do ordain and establisi
 the following Constitution.” Then follow!
 fSiiiiorig the rest, an article prohibiting slavery
 &lt;Vid involuntary servitude otherwise than foi
 the commission of crimes, the strong popula
 voice through their representatives assembled
 pronouncing in favor of free institutions. Ii
 order to understand vvliat that body is suppos
 -ed to have meant by the words justice arid thi
 tflcumgs oj tdxrty it w ill Ik- necessary to re
 fer to the bill of rights contained in Art. VIII
 Sec. 1, which goes on to say:—“That all mei
 are born equally free and independent, am
 Jiave certain natural inherent and unalienabli
 rights amongst w hich are the enjoying and de
 fending life snd liberty, acquiring, jxwsemng
 and protecting property and pursuing and ob
 taming happiness, and safety; and every frei
 republican government, being founded or
 llieir sole authority and organized for the grea
 purpose of protecting theit rights and liberties,
 and wcure their independence, to tlfoc
 these ends, they lure at all times a compleu
 power to alter, reform, or abolish their gov
 ernment whenever they may deem it neces
 sary.”
 Theoretically expressed, but pronoun«*H
impracticable in their application; rhetorical
 flowers employed only to deck the expanding
 idem of the Fourth of July orators, who in
 their gnsai boncvoleocc, on sneb
 occasions ts pronounce bberty and equably as
 the universal birth-right «f en
 If these, which they tell us are the true
 principle* of just government amongst men
 were carried into practjcj, thro would be se
 cured to the whole people, all the righto that
 true republicanism demands but when as if
 in grave mockery to these very principle*, we
 find used the word kIuU as the only qualifica
 i lion necessary to posse* and enjoy the right*
 of citizenship, and color made the basts of
 distinction in free *offr3ge Ad in courts of
 law. then do justice, liberty. equality, and
 all the ennobling and dignified association*
 that eluster around such word*, fall as un
 meaning sounds upon the ear— an idea! with
 out its reality, as the slave who dream* pleas
 antly of liberty and freedom, but awakes to
 feel more keenly the blow from the driver's
 ln«di and the chains that bind him to his prison
 bouse. Therefore, when phraseologies like
 theae occur, they rr.u«t receive Uie practical
 endorsement of tlt. tr American meaning to be
 properly understood. W hea fe al! men then
 ate spoken of as being entitled to the same
 rights and privileges, of course the word all is
 to lx* understood in the abstract; an idiom in
 modern democracy signifying white, wfthoul
 reference to country or condition. Thus being
 the inference wc can inure r *adi!y appreciate
 the justice of the following, know n as one of
 the black law s of Ohio, winch says
 That no black or mulatto person or per
 sons, shall hereafter be permitted to lie sworn
 or give evidence in any court of record or else
 where in this State, in any cause depending,
 or matter of controversy, where either party
 t ih smte i-- a white person, or in any prose
 ention which shall lx* instituted in behalf ol
 this M 1 unst anv white person.”
 Ii v.-&gt;ii h; p rr u» &gt;l. that this exclusion of
 c&lt; u ,i t -mi.oijv. repulsive and huinili
 ati.ig to in eiii" a proper sense of justice
 i.-&gt; virtually r. fusing to take cognisance of in
 juries, that colored citizens may suffer at the
 hands of the white. The most grevious out
 rages may be perjietrated upon their j»ersons
 and property —villanous frauds practiced—
 life threatened, and even taken —kidnapping
 vagabonds may enter the domicile of the col
 ored man ami with violent hands, drag him
 from his quiet home to a state of the most ab
 ject slavery—roberies and assass-i.iations can
 be committed upon them, with the fullest as
 surance of safety, without in fact the possibili
 ty of an arrest warrant being issued, unless
 the facts in such cases are first established by
 white testimony. Thus is every avenue for
 the administration of impartial justice to color
 ed citizens cltoaked, and their natural inherent
 and unalienable rights, to enjoy and defend
 life, acquire and possess property, are usurp
 ed and taken away by legislative enactments.
 In my last 1 mentioned such parts of the
 black laws, as relates to certificates and bonds
 mostly inoperative, being looked upon as dead
 letters in the statute book, but this clause \vit!»
 others, which I shall notice in roy next,
 lias and still remains in active force against
 every colored person in the Slate, excepting
 those mentioned in the recent decision cf the
 Supreme Court, where equality of privileges
 is granted to those only, whose bhtod approach
 es nearer the white than the African race.
 A. J. A.
 Eaton, Omo.
 Address to M. R. Delany.
 The following address was delivered on the
 l“th of May, 1818, by John I. Gaines, in
 response to eric delivered by Dr. Martin R.
 Delany to Friendship Division No. 2 of the
 philanthropic order of the Sons of Temper
 ance” and is published by request.
 Brother Martin It. Delany—Sir:—The
 agreeable t:u-k has been conferred upon me ol
 responding, in the presence of this gay, fash
 ionable and intelligent assemblage of our
 citizens, and members of our order, to the
 excellent, well-timed and eloquent address de
 livered by you on this occasion to the Sonsol
 I Temperance. And when the truthful words
 were falling from your lips, w e felt as though
 we could realize in your person the emphatic
 lutes of the poet
 The mind that would I* liappy,
 Must be great—
 Great in its wishes; great in its surveys,
 Extended views a narrow uiindextended.”
 .Sir, in this we think we see you exemplified
 and fully portrayed. Your aim is lofty your
 purpose is noble your prospect and hope are
 highly flattering. The idol of your soul is to
 elevate and dignify man and wherever you
 have fm.n a pen; le the most abject and mis
 crable. have \&lt;n:r talent and genius
 foua&lt;: '(«*sl a ivc.i; .id most of its enjoy
 ment. How w this agree with the
 iitimort.il, ne\oi-dj4.l ru&lt; rmers of the six
 teenth century such as Mclancthon, and
 j Zwingle, and Erasmus, and Luther lJut O
 how it (brows into the shade the shallow
 hearted philanthropy of the reformers of the
 nineteenth century! They seek to please;
 you to instructthey to court the favor of
 the opulent and powerful, while every energy
 and impulse of your soul is w illed to the pro
 motion of that (‘lass of American citizens who
 are denied the most common-place privileges
 I and essential rights in the land of their birth.
 what a glorious position this! What col
 ored American can contemplate and tlnnk of
 j it without having his heart overflown with the
 I milk of human kindness
 Sir, w*c have watched for these last four
 1 years the course you have put sued in refet
 er.ee to our rights—the proscribed of America
 J —and the best means of obtaining them, apd
 i we have found, and still find much to applaud,
 much to admire.
 You saw us in an abject, pour, despised
 condition, like the poor Bushmen of Southern
 Africa. Your eyes could not leave the
 scone, and your heart turned away from it m
 sorrow. You boldly stepped forward, being
 in Uie prime of your manhood, and grasped
 with a giant's power and a giant intellect, at
 the cause or causes which produced it. You
 were met at the thresh hold, and told that you
 w ere doing wrong, disturbing the harmony of
 society and all because you dared to tdl
 a world and a people who were |he special
 objects of its contempt that the cause of ibe
 mtM»ry, Ac., must be removed before us ef
 fects would cease to be felt. And who were
 they w iui thus cast your name out as etil? They
 were cokued men! Ye*, sir, the very men
 whose cause you alone have espoused. O,
 shame, where ist hy blush?”
 Rut u*ft thank God that tins dark dav and
hoar have town hy, and a brighter *ky has
 began to dawn; and now wherever ooe can
 ip found possessing any tateUigeacr, and har
 ing one drop of African bfcmd running in bis
 reins, be in ready and eager to subscribe to
 the truths you had often taught and now
 teach—-that self-exertion is the mainspring to
 human action and human improvement.
 Sir, the spirit of the age in which yon and
 I bve, is progressive. It in moving slowly,
 but surely, to the great prize of man'* exist-!
 eoce. God d signed, in his infinite w isdom
 and providence, that man should be free—as
 free as the air we breathe, and enjoy and
 powsrus the highest degree of rivilwauoe, and
 nolwiihMaading it may be stayed for the time
 being, it must come, and will come.
 Sir, we feel proud that one like you, so
 well qualified, both by nature and education,
 should represent our cause; one who has not
 a drop of Anglo-Saxon blood nrnning in his
 veins. Not that we are prejudiced to color,
 —for this idea we spurn —not that we have
 any selfish or morbid appetites to gratify hot
 for the simple reason, that whenever a mind
 of a higher order is exhibited among us, some
 go -sip or goose is ready to attribute it to a
 little sj&gt;cck of white blood which U said to be
 coursing through our veins.
 We hurl back the bastard charge into the
 teeth of those who make it, and declare here,
 in the face of heaven, that it is as foul as the
 black heart that conceived it.
 Sir, 1 regret, exceedingly regret, to inform
 you, ihat wc, of the Queen City, have greatly
 retrograded on the subject of temperance.
 Once upon a lime —for well do I remember
 the hour when alcohol dared not raise his
 hideous front among us—we looked upon him
 with contempt. He could find no shelter in
 our closets, no protection in our lle i
 was to all intents and purposes an outcast,
 among us. Now (I tell it in shame) he is
 caressed, cajoled, loved. The young ladiesi
 love him, and the gentlemen hug him close to
 their bosoms; indeed, he has become'fashion
 able. llow striking and applicable just here
 the following sentiment!
 O virtue! thou art fled to brutish]beasts,
 And iih*ii have lost llieir reason.”
 But, O Temperance, thou art of God. Your
 heart is the scat of love, and gratitude, and
 affi ‘Ction, and hope, and prosperity; your
 sinews and nerves the gjrcat fountain stream
 from which emanate human happiness.
 One more remark, and I have done.—Ac
 cept Dr., this tribute of our respect and
 though you w ill soon part from us—part w ith
 the bustle and din of our city—part with
 many kind friends, whose affections you have
 1 won—part, perhaps never again to meet upon
 this terrestial globe; yet, believe us truly,
 1 that what wc have said is deeply engraven
 upon our hearts, and can never be erased.
 Cincinnati, 0., May 12, 1818.

 Notes by a Resident.
 To Richard Robert*, Esq., Edinburgh
 i Dear Sir, —When I saw you in Edin
 burgh, a few months since, you expressed a
 wish that I should write you some account of
 things in general in this model republic.
 My friend Mr. Douglass has kindly j)gr;niUed
 me to address you through the columns of the
 1 North Star. I avail myself of his permission,
 though I api by no means certain that what
 I have to communicate will be either now or
 interesting. What I have to say will be
 written right on, just as it occurs to me, with
 j out any attempt at order or arrangement. 1
 will endeavor, however, to avoid repetition
 and verbosity.
 The first thing that strikes a stranger is
 the clear deep blue of the sky, and J he bril
 liant sunshine. One who lias never been out of
 our own little island, and to whom its almost
 1 perpetually misty atmosphere is a thing of
 course, can have no idea of the clear azure of
 a bright day in this country. The climate,
 1 in ibis respect, is similar to that of our neigh
 bors on the other side of the channel. The
 [mst winter, which I have spent mostly in
 Western New York, has not been by any
 means so severe as I had beau led to expect;
 it was, however, as I was told, unusually
 mild for this country. There were frequent
 snow storms, and while they lasted, the
 weather was sufficiently cold and piercing;
 but after the storm ceased, the sky became
 I clear and bright as a day in summer—often
 I painfully so to the dazzled eye. Spring is
 i later here than in England but when vege
 t ition does commence, it progresses with
 amazing rapidity. A very few weeks since,
 thq trees were bare, and the ground was
 covered with snow. Now, we seem to be
 far advaneed in the summer; and the birds
 are singing, and the flowers and trees are in
 full bloom and verdure, and the fragrant
 breeze wafts gently over the waving corn
 fields.
 j I will pass over New York and Boston,
 which have been so frequently described by
 travellers from your side of the Atlantic,
 simply remarking, that the description given
 by Dickens, of the holiday-looking aspect of
 New York, is that which best accords with
 my own first impressions of that city. lied
 bricks, bright sunshine, and green shutters,
 are nearly all that one can distinguish for the
 I first day or two after arriving there. A
 few days’ longer residence will open up
 before him many beauties which can compare
 not unfavorably even with the suburbs of
 London and other large cities in England.
 Boston is of much more sober exterior. The
 I green shutteis, and the red bricks, and the
 bright sunshine are there also; but their
 glare is in some degree moderated by the
 frequent admixture of unassuming but sub
 stantial looking buildings of grey granite*.
 It is altogether a more English-looking city
 I than New York. Boston, however, did not
 strike me very favorably. Many of the
 streets are excessively narrow and crooked—
 consequently not over clean; and it has the
 appearance of being altogether too much in
 the water. The suburbs of Boston are suffi
 ciently handsome. It is in that respect like
 London, It may be pleasant enough fur the
 wealthy merchant, who is there only for a
 few hours during the day but is by no means
 to be recommended as a rosid -nee to the me
 chanic who properly estimates the importance
 of pure air for the preservation of health.
 But I must adhere to my i&gt; rst resolution, and
 say nothing about these cities, though I am
 strougly tempted to say a good deal about the
 people of Boston. They, and the inhabitants
 u f New England generally. Have many points
 of character in common with the Scotch—this
 one in particular, that they are shrewd bands
 at s In re sin- Bet. sfrer all, I did out get
telw* fa Mdi, petted fawe f «f e*
 mate many parch—ee. Inarmed nuuij fa.
 •westing acquaintances fa tfagcily with p,. r
 sons of sterling character, I fatal]
 ever eutcrtaia a pieaafaf rafaflfaaoce aad
 arilh others whom you know, of bum it w
 nm sow needful to speak Most
 of the people ahe— one meets with fa
 Boston, come from a port of* the world which
 fa called Down East.'* Where that fa it fa
 tery hard to determine. When at New
 Turk, down cast r4tns to mean Boston,
 Rhode Island, &amp;c.; when at Boston, it means
 Portland and other parts of Maine; wheft
 there, it possibly has same other meaning,
 though of that I know not. The probability
 fa, that down east fa bouoded soraewhete.
 It is a very rare thing to hod a Yankee living
 in the place where he was bora. The down
 casters more west; and the inhabitant* of
 the west move further west; the far west,”
 in this respect buing unlike the down east,”
 inasmuch as it has ahsolutdy no famadarv'
 The descendants of the first r.-ttlers of West
 ern New York have for the most part emi
 grated Vestw ard U&gt; Ohio, Indiana, or Wis
 consin. Like the red man and the buffalo,
 they seem to be at home only in the foteat
 and the prairie.
 Travelling iu Britain fa a matter cither of
 necessity or pleasure; here it fa a habit, or
 perhaps some would even call it a law of
 nature; provision is therefore made on a very
 extensive scale, the thinness of population
 considered, for the supply of this want.
 From Boston westward to Albany, two hun
 dred miles, there is a railroad which fa well
 conducted. The fuie the entire distance is
 four dollars. 1 rorn New York again up the
 Hudson to Albany, during the summer
 mouths, steamboats run twice a-da?, charging
 sometimes only fifty cents. From Albany
 westward as far as Buffalo, the journey may
 be performed either by railroad or canal.
 The distance by railroad is nearly three hun
 dred miles. 1 he railroad is of course the
 most expeditious, and the canal the cheapest.
 It used to be said, some years since, that the
 most economical rootle in which a man could
 spend his time, was to travel by sailing vessel
 between London and Abeoleen. The same
 may now be said of these canal boats. The
 jacket-boats travel at the rate of about four
 miles an hour, the fare being rather undei
 three cents a mile, —not a very extravagant
 charge for board, lodging, and transportation.
 The line boats are cheaper and slow er. The
 canal packets in this country arc much largei
 and more commodious than those in Scotland.
 I was anxious to see the mode of travelling
 by these boats, and went a short excursion ol
 some thirty miles, a few days since. Pas
 sengers, if the w eather peimit, eongregateor
 the top of the boat, where, if they have no:
 acquired it before, they cannot fail to learn tin
 art of bowing. The bridges are so low tha:
 those sitting on the top of the boat nius
 either stoop or be carried overboard. The}
 generally prefer the former. Sometimes the}
 must kneel on their hands and knees, ant
 occasionally even lie down Hat. This neces
 sity of dodging the bridges very forcibly,
 impresses upon one s muid the propriety o
 wakefulness, but what odier good purpose i:
 serves I have not yet been able to discover
 Berths for sleeping are very ingenious]}
 erected in the cabin at night, aad cleared of
 in the murning. They are, however, to;
 confined to be comfortable. Travelling in thti
 way is sufficiently tedious. The conductor
 are civil enough but you may get aboard o
 ashore the best way you can, as they rarelj
 stop for the accommodation of male passen
 o ers —scarcely for females. Whether or no
 the traveller who avails himself of that modi
 of conveyance effects his irausit between tin
 boat and tiro shore, or whether he has his
 neck broken or tumbles into the canal, seem:
 to be no concern of theirs. This may in th&lt;
 day time be well enough; but at night it 1
 risking too much to take a leap iu the darl
 for the gratification of mere Yankee impa
 tience. There is not, however, much danger
 and travelling in this way is not w ithout it!
 advantages.
 The object of my excursion was to visit t
 farmer to whom I had an introduction,residing
 near Palmyra. I was welcomed by himsti
 and his interesting and intelligent family
 with that frank hospitality w hich is a charac
 teristic of the people, especially of the far
 tners of Western New York. Ilis farm lici
 in a part of the country w hich is peculiar!}
 well cultivated. The scenery is rich an&lt;
 picturesque, in many places reminding me
 lrom the frequent alternation of hill and dale
 of the county of Kent in England only th&lt;
 glorious hedge-rows were awanting. Th&lt;
 land is fertile, and sells at about one hundret
 dollars an acre.
 In this country, there are no old ruins o
 castles, or cathedrals, or monasteries, as ii
 all parts of England and Scotland; yet then
 are hero also objects of interest, The onlj
 thing I could hear of in the neighborhood oi
 Palmyra was the hill where the notorious Jot
 Smith is said to have found his gold Bible.
 It is in fact the birthplace of Jloroumism.
 The whole story of the Bible, which, ol
 course is too idle to be repeated, carries on
 its front the grossest imposture; and yet bv
 what numbers it has been believed BeUel
 in the incredibly is not confined eiiher to Ma
 hommedans or Papists. Many thousands ol
 the professed Christians of this civilized am!
 enlightened republic have contrived to swallow
 the preposterous nonsense which Joe Smitl
 delivered under the name of revelation. Th&lt;
 hill of tliis famous miracle is from 150 to 20C
 feet high, steep and conical in shape, and or
 approaching it from one side, has something
 the appoarar.ee of North Berwick Law, fa
 Scotland, but fa in reality the commencement
 of a continuous ridge of low hills.
 Fruit trees of every description—quince,
 apple, pear, plum, pcaeh, apricot—ail grow
 and are very productive in this district ol
 country. The farm houses, which are gener
 ally of wood, two stones high, and painux
 white, with green shutters or colored window
 blinds, have a very cheerful and pictimwqu*
 appearance. They generally stand on sum
 alight eminence, aad may he seen at a con
 siderable distance, if they are not hidden it
 the deep foliage of the surrounding elm, cm
 cbetnut, or poplar, gbneing in the brigbi
 sunshine. The idea that fa entertained bj
 your citizens and Scotchmen in genera), abuu
 the fanners in this part of tha country, tha
 they are uncouth and uncultivated, fa verj
 erroneous. The reverse fa thecaae. Tbej
 ore not in that respert a very great bo
 hind the Ear* lawhisn ■‘SUoof
f where a tofermbfe ethwwtiun can he uj.
 are established, with few except***, ia *l]
 the towas and Tillages. There m o*» doubt
 room for tnapcuvemrai ia this respect. I
 hare amt some teachers who veto totally
 oafit for their d sires. This defect ought to
 he UkaediMl, sad when the ardaoaa tenew
 of the teachers ate mre btw rally rewarded,
 it wiU be.
 Bat I mast stop. This letter is lengthen
 ing mtt heyotid my Kants. What 1 hare said
 has been chiefly about the bright side and the
 outside of this country. Would that I could
 always remain on the bright s;de It is to
 me, as to most others, fur the most pleasant.
 In some letters that may fellow this, 1 shall
 possibly ssy some things that may not be
 altoother gratifying to Americao s*.U-km\
 But be that as it may, I hare set my mind
 upon speaking the troth as 1 find it, and
 whether it ulfends or pleases John Bull or
 Brother Jonathan, is r.one of my business.
 I ant, Sir, yours truly,
 R 1 HARD JONES.
 Rochester, May 30, IS4«.
 London, May 12th, IWB.
 Dear Sir.—The great depressim of busi
 ness umier which we have been suffering du
 ring this spring has given way considerably
 ■since the meeting of the French constituent
 assembly. They have been sitting upwards
 of a week, and so fir things have gone on well.
 The Provisional Government having resigned,
 the assembly has elected a temporary Govern
 ment consisting of Messrs Arago, Gamier
 Pages, Marie, Lamartine and Lodru Knllm.
 You will be surprised at the ordeT in which
 these names are put, but it is according to their
 position on the poll. The only way there is
 of accounting for Lamartine being so low, is
 that they weic offended at his refusd to ac
 cept a place in any government of which Le
 dru Rollin was not a member.
 These five are not to be ministers of partic
 ular departments, but a kind of presiding
 council having the ordinary Cabinet Ministers
 under them.
 War has been going on for some time be
 tween Denmark and Prussia, which has se
 verely inconvenienced our merchants and ship
 owners, in consequence of the Danes having
 established a strict blockade of the Prussian
 ports. LkJ Palmerston announced the other
 day that he had every hope tlat it would
 speedily be terminated by the mediation of this
 country. Whatever settlement they may come
 to, I hope that our G overnment will recognize
 the principle that it is not the interest of Den
 mark or of Prussia that is to be considered,
 but the wishes of the inhabitants of Holstein
 Schleswig. That they wish to be separate
 from Denmark seems from their elec
 ting the chevalier Bunsen the Prussian am-
 I C
 l bassador at this Court, their representative m
 the German Diet.
 The most interesting point at present is
 Rome. Many Romans had joined the cause
 j of the King of Sardinia and of the Lombards
 against Austria, but when any of them were
 taken prisoners, the Austrians treated them as
 mere bandits, war not having been declared
 i between Austria and Rome. It was at the
 sime time intimated to the Pope that if hede
 dared waragainst Austria, the German Church
 would renounce his spiritual authority. The
 Romans however were determined on war,
 and as the Pope refused, he was by tiro last
 account a prisoner in his own palace, aud had
 consented to place all political power in the
 hands of a ministry, from which priests were
 excluded. This ministry seems to have prom
 ised to declare war, but it is nevertheless ex
 pected that the Romans will insist upon the
 j Popes divesting himself of his temporal au
 i thority. This is quite right in itself and yet
 I one cannot help regretting tint the catastro
 phy sh hi! 1 come o i so good a pope.
 A general movement for parliamentary re-
 I foim has commenced in this country, headed
 i by Hume, Cobden, Bright, &amp;c. I have no
 doubt that it will shortly be successful, though
 not in this sossjono of parliament.
 Yours truly,
 R. S. D.
 Jl»w to Give.
 At a missionary meeting held among the
 negr es in the West Indies, these three
 i resolutions were agreed upon:—
 1. We will all give something,
 j 2. We will all give as God lias enabled us.
 3. We will all give willingly.
 As soon as the meeting was over, a Icaal
 ing negro took his seat at a table, with pen
 and ink, to put down what ea*h came to
 give. Many came forward ami gave, some
 more and some less. Among those that
 came was a rich old negro, almost as rich as
 i all the others put together, who threw down
 j upon the table a small silver coin—
 Take dat back again,” said the negro
 who received the money.
 Dat may be according to de first resolu
 tion, but not according to de second.
 The rich old man accordingly took it up,
 and hobbled back to his seat in a great rage.
 One after another came forward, and almost
 all giving more lhau himself, he was fairly
 ashamed, and again threw down a piece of
 money on the table, saying,
 Dar! take dat!
 It was a valuable piece of gold but it was
 giveu so ljl-Umiperedly that the negro an
 swered again,
 No djt wont do yet. It may be according
 to de first and second resolution, hot not ac
 cording to de lastand he was obliged to
 take up his com again.
 Still angry at himself and all the rest, be
 sat a feiig tune, till nearly all were gone, and
 then eaiue to th table, and with a smite on
 his face, very willingly gave a large sum to
 the treasurer.
 Very said the negro, dat ac
 ourdmg to all de resolutions.
 The Right to appear as Attorney.
 To the Editor of the Tribune
 In your paper of this morning, under the
 title of “Interesting Decisions,” it is stated
 ihat Judge Morse decided at th Kings &lt;!o.
 I Circuit, tnat Aaron Bradley, a man oi color,
 could not practice as attorney, iu., on a©- j
 count of his complexion. Such statement t»
 incorrect. The point w es raised on a motion
 which Mr. Bradley was opposing, that he
 (Bradley) never having beeu admitted as an;
 attorney, could not practise as such. Mi.
 Bradley, in opposition, cued the act amenda
 tory to' the Jodiewry act panned at the last
 Mscnuß of the Legislature, by which a
 provided that any person of full age may
 practice upon being especially authorized so
 to do by the patty to* whom he arts. The
 Judge decided that by the provision* iff th*
 f.kfostituttou any person wishing to practice
 must am only be of fell age ami of gw si
 moral character, but must aiuo pamem the
 requisite qualification* oi learning and ability,
 and that as so evidence was produced to foot
 either of Mr. Bradky’a good moral character
 or of bis qualifications, b_ could not promt
 him to practise. He however allowed him to
 uppaae th motion, which was a motion to s it
 nude a default, as there was an other pe*»«
 prrywt to power* th-'. pt waulT? ngfc*. TV
defiwk was set aside, trmg desrty irrefttlaT.
 Nettling was ssm! about Mr. Bradley’s cwHir,
 on objection beum made to bun on that pro*, wl,
 •nd had such aa objection K-cn made, is
 l doobs that it would have h&gt;v« porofdlv
 overruled hy the Judge. By ffri ing this an
 -r v"* J* u thither Urn
 &lt;We of Troth Justice.
 New Ywaa, April R, I{L|B.
 fa out bumble njmitan. the Jb*tr* might to
 .be arerftuM for has tymnaieal and *W&lt;|
 ikrueon, as reported shove. TV feet that
 he overruled it himself, in the particular case
 before bun, affords a p&lt;iugt**t illustraiiim «ff.
 it* folly. The defendant s cfvde* of Mr.
 Bradley to eondoct his suit, ioffimafari* evi
 dence of B.‘* putareasto? the requisite charac
 ter and acquirements until retorted by coun
 ter evidence. So decreed tbr last legislature,
 an*l the Judge ha* taken a high-handed course
 in subverting a clear and u»;*&gt;ruul pruvtotuu
 of law.— Ed. Triton*.
 _ I
 One of tha C'uriops Trait* of the pr.s-ot
 ag**, is, sending people to attci.d to tlic vice
 and igmuattce uf distant communities, wbib a
 hundred tunes ss much vie* and ignorance
 exist at home, and indeed, in every “civil
 ized” community. —Best on 'ourter.
 Address of Asti-Slavcry Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and owr fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 constrained to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond- j
 men who still remain toiling lit the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 i 3 their labor w rested from them unremuaera
 ted not only do they siilfor from intense hun
 ger and cold; not only are the f males, mre
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of thsir tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul a id fiend
 ish as slavery? It would be unreasonable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.” Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we caanot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, wvr affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens uf Roch
 ester and the public generally. Wc ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would inen should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch os ye have done it tooneofthe
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—ail who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pro
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 j and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our land and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 i and wickedness, we should be a light to the
 j world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 i too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of* men and
 of women;-—we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 j to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which thay were endowed
 by our Creator.
 Fur this object, we propose holding a Fair
 iin December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, n&gt;
 i get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not oidy in seliing those things thus pre
 -1 pared, but in oonvincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus he helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallo vrri-L, do.
 Mary H. llallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Hurtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Piiehb Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Bhaithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty, Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do,
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintoc*, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mas. Mackintyre, Darien.
Coinmcrt ial.
Rochester, June 1,1848.
 The market fur (I jut i* inartire. Holder* a»k
 5522t0 £5 50. Hume small lot*, a prime article
 from (ihk wheat, hare been sold .to retailei* at
 $5 75. Flour made of a f*&gt;or quality of Merlsni
 wlteal, is offered at £4 75.
 In wheat there i* W’maUrbl cliange. ILLiert of
 pure are him at 1 23.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Cerreot.
 FI/HJR t»D ME.U/—Duty 20 p e ad ral
 FLrnr, fUd 5 23 6c 5 73
 Com meal, |p btwh 36
 PROVISIONS— fMr; Beef, Pork,lf au», Room,
 Hotter and Lard, 20 fr; Clteeae 80 (p ead ral
 Fork, (me**) 10 50
 Do. ia Wj 500 t» 5 25
 Beef, cwt- 4 Y» 48 500
 l&gt;.i. «jM. («r**) 700 M (JU
 l**r l (tried) fit 8
 Do. (leaf,) e 6
 Hm», («*.kf I) 7 e 8
 Shuurk-r*. do 5 U
 Turk y* f 8 ..8
 Chicken* 8
 IVbmr», lask C 2
 GRAIN— 20 R e ad ral
 Wheat, Uish 1 22
 r 40 4»
 Rye m
 Oat* 17 M
 Bariry
 HIDES—Duij 5 r c *1 ral
 er ..4

 -«a» iin
 SEED**—they; I feed 10 fc; Mustard 20 f
 r ad ral
 nu»rr 4 75
 Ti ornhy 125* 2 50
 1 12
 FHtH—Dmr «w (rnp eatrcht; 20 Ip «ad ral
 VkW4* Md Ir%
 CdM cut 4 Bft
 SUNDRIES—
 Suh. r fcw in
 A«4 r. rl«h
 Da. dr* I 50 «4
 r**
 B«*a»,phiadi *rt
 Huy. ft* M M It
 Hard »«~i 3 &lt;JV 4t 3 O’*
 ?"»N waul 2
3 &gt;t» erf f 9fin*nt».
JOB I*HINTING.
 Till* \ORTJI STAR OfTKt. m ferri.tof
 *,t&gt; Mr J-M*’
 dr#rrif*r** fi IVuwMs «y»«*c** «*l
 atfto i
 Btodoi. B ft-Wt*.
 Pn.pwmnM, fSuwIRM. IMk«4
 I’ubjllrt*.
 NEVV PUBLICATIONS.
 \VIU. Rf* REVBY IN A Fftr
 v Mai.a r Arra a i «*«i* br irf Artfb oC
 hi* UL. h, II, r hi *7 G rm&lt;f.
 At-., tiuivitN #Ar a//*t (Vs
 tmi Th* *klrr*» *a« iri«lnl N the N»-
 i m UeOak* \r i Ito editior
 unal!, *iwi Ik.w *hr&gt; r..|rie* vi ill do »eH to
 ?K’tr *»nVti» rN»l\.
 J* ST I*l I-Llslirri. n mtiitol Tmv
 P»«t iMil'iouirt a* Oi* Cot o*-
 l: ll li t O i* 11‘Hfy //irW&lt; mtl
 P*h*tol lov.-N Y. AtoWv* limkit to,
 A {oil 2H, Sin.
 f
 Tl?n ANTI4SI.AYF.RY OFFII F. «xi. RF.AI&gt;-
 IJWI ROOM. 25. Sirw. Tto
 R'x n*- uh atk! Uh tM id*
 vm* of llie l. *t A iti4*t»vrn\ Tr«&gt;|ir:*nre, Reh
 1“ 'iion.i Ami l.it«&lt;r»rv
 i VTARRATIVF OK THE I.CFK OF FRKHF.R-
 I ii H'K LASS, written liy huiwrl. t, U
 luut at 4in |&gt;r mt 30 rent*.
 NOTICE.
 'P!IE Cnmrtnernhip ne.-etoßee exivtiuz Ivtneen
 1 U.tRK DU.NCOMUU. dU
 s snlveJ ..it tiw l»t of Apnl IS!'*.
 A. CI.ARK,
 C. H. Dl NCOMIIE.
 t Rirlifli'f, Jin e 2, IS4B.
 "TAR. CLARK.*ti'l No. SB Smith’*
 tl/ .XrcaiV, Ruth-lr* Street. Dr. l lrnk in
 t form lit.* iiiinia w'lfri toirf Mail siirnAHnJioy r..«u
 ti j that to keep, a a.*oi tinrnt of
 an ottor IL.tanir Jicinrsi, w*at!y U'it in. nilh &lt;t&gt;*
 n-cti .ii- for family oso a!*., Or Thuw'*eu K
 iXtvN Main iu MnHm. T his TaUwble wmk
 to onned In c*.’r\ ru tiiioUAr aud fondly in tin*
 bnJ.
 A. CLARK.
 j Jane 2, IS4B.
 K,a Sah. at li e A nti-Sa avert
 Omi i 3tltr vo»»ii Room, No. 25 BoLaWv
 *t., Sivimi.l Sfo'v the Arrndn
 1 Narrative of Fre 'erhk
 I Joi.iU.ian iilkrr.
 Portrait
 Sp.Hi jer on f iu oftst tnliojalky ot SUvory.
 'W. PhilPi's n ply to
 la'oion of LIIm rtv.
 I Slavery ilhistrrte.l to ih* «ST#et uiiYY«mmwi.
 Also a i::-h Tai W*tv &lt;lf Fimv tw-1 useful urti*Ve
 1 j nude t&gt;y tin- lauiieu* Anti-Slavery Hnciet).
 J\bw in thr Prr.tr,
 A TRIBITE FCR THE YEGRO,
 BEING A VIMMCATIOR Or TH K MORAL. INTEL
 j I.KCTVAI. AM) RELIGIOUS tA PA RILI Tit'S Of
 j THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND.
 With particular tefturner S.Tf-j Afrit on rarr.
 Illustrated I ynmneroii* uutlieiitic farts, lUcymu! iual
 Skettiiev, Testimonies of Travcllent, &amp;,r.
 The motives which have artHuted the autfi&gt;r in
 preparing the aliove-metilioited woik, arr *iMy a
 1 desire to interest and enliglitrn the pul.fie mind"on
 a subject intimately rotuHThil with the lui{-pineal or
 misery of a lar“e portion of flir Iniinnn filmiln :uhJ
 I v a relation of facts and testimonies, wliieh u&lt;&gt;
 trsserfiiins ran annul, to remove a deeply-r»&gt;ofod pre
 jndiee, existing ill Uie minds of MlHtiy, ies|»cfii.g th*
 African ra"&lt;*.
 It is an i:n|V)rte.nt question whettor the Vegrw is
 eon.-titmioimfly, and theretiae irremediably iottoior
 to th; white uiun, in the powers of tiw Afitvfi
 of the future welfare of the limnan race ilenend* on
 the nnsiirr whirl* rxprrienre an I fasts ni!l furnish
 to tfiis questioo; for it concerns not onK ito va.l
 po|Ni(arior&gt; of \friea, but many millions o| the \cj(ro
 race, wii are located elsewhere, «o»l ihe wl Ues who
 are tocoining mixed w ith tin- 1 lack race, in iiissßms
 where Slavery rxists, or where i* ha* existed till
 wii lain a lerent periott. Many person* have ventiir
 ed upon peremptory tleeisions »n both side* of the
 nnestion; butthe majority appear to 1 e Mill un&gt;« ti&lt;
 fied as to the real capabilities of the Nesp'o race
 i Their present actual inferiority irt ma n req.eein,
 compminz them as n w'aole with tile liuhter col.ui
 e.i fMirtion of mankind, is too evident to he disputed
 but it must lw borne in miml rfmt they are not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to f&gt;e drawn to
 tween the two. TTieir present degraded «tcAe naif
 he easily acre unfed for 1 y ttoVirctimMAHrSH* amkt*t
 whi h Negroes liave livtsi, Uith in their tiwß«o*iitrv
 i and abroad. It a single iusta»i«« cun to adikteed &lt;&gt;f
 at. iiidividuai of the Afiican rae» exliiliiting a g'-nius
 which would he roesidered eminent In ririfived Furo
 petin society, we have a proof that there m no incoui
 i patibility !«i iveen Ncoio and hirfh in
 f teik*elu.&lt;l power*. Pait it is not one alone, but n* ty
 reinuk 'Me ra of this description that are bring'it
 forward in tiw present vidiime, which imlm/m u/&gt;-
 ward* of 1:V) lh&gt; rrfrjj\irrl hr* of Afnron* u*lk,tr
 ri, v rwhint*, Is sidcs Farts and Aiiortioti**, Ti
 nies i f Travellers, Missionaries, &amp;e., tlie whole
 uf mnitig a complete “Tribute ron the Negro,*’
 and an u idocbted refiitnttoli of tl»e im
 fotindid cakuißiK** which tore ls*e« heaped on tto ui.-
 forfu;r»t«- race of Africa, proving tlteui to to endowed
 with every cltiira' lt ristic constituting their identity
 (with the great family of Man, and consequently, «u»
 filled to certain iiialh nuble i i&lt;^rts,*’amoMtft which
 are lit’ lil ertv, and the pursuit of happiness,” a»*y
 j infringement on wiiieh rs a nsnrpation of U.o
 prerogative an I authority i,f tto- j|int lliqh.
 j 'Plm work wiilln- rendiued »ddiri»n»fK interesting
 In' AN A P f 4 K OPRIATK INTROOf; CToR V POEM,
 written liir fit*' occasion, l»y llk.rnarii
 (II a Kroji. ft will aUo la* enriiia.il by the twhlithni
 i of a toautifuf eut'raving, from a paiutmi' purseuted
 to t!se lain foil rcprrscnlin{{ two
 Natives n| South Africa giving Kvaieore tokirc a
 i Select .miiuUi uid |lm? House ol l .'wwituiir. Tin*
 Africans are ipving et it fence, l&gt;r. Phillip is seated
 i&lt;» the foreground,anti Jam«*s H&lt;*swl, sen. wir! jyo.,
 \lissiooHi ic* tiom South Afriea, ar** standing, ito
 latter aeting a* inierprvler. Tto volume will also con
 tain portrait* of
 I 'iMjri, tto Chief of A.uistail Cnptivep.”
 Jan Tz vt/.oe, Christian (lied ol tto Aim&lt;ko»:r»
 'l'rils*,Smith Africa.
 J. IV.t. PkmmgTor, a highly estwmrad Minister
 of tto lio-qwl, of pure AtjtotH exoacte/ii.
 Frederick Dope lass, tto fugitive stave,
 Oi.uiiah F.gui.ANo, nr t ()Dmvci Vaasa, _
 Engraved oi» steel try first-rate Artist*. Also* eac
 ci nilf. of ito writing of Ton mai* r L’llvm
 rt RE, the Black Chief of llayli.
 Tto work will to printed i&gt;» tto tost type, ar fin*
 j fsqier, an 1 consist ol’ about ifM) page* Svo., Isoi Id al
 ly Is.iet l in ck.tb, with an appropiinti- device, form,
 an volume fmr tto ilrawine hosua Ml.tr,
 All |N&gt;diUarising from it* sab will to devoted to
 tto Anti-Slavery catlap; Aiorriiao wkr,lowtorilr
 er* to nou-sidwcritor* $4 individual* drairoua
 of |s.»ra-rsin'' CAfrie* hy semfinq ilm PT
 f tiers in W it. so* Arm nr aa u, I a*c&lt;l»&gt; or U- ito
 North SrAk Olin».
 YITHEKEAS, Wait 11 rb«c* an.l Ei.panom
 It Hedges, hi* wile, «H' (to &lt;aiv of Ridvorr,
 !on tto f&lt; ant e..th day of July, ia tin; year pf
 L&gt;ni one tluan-wiul lumeJcc'l ami furly-hvc,
 toGr.RRiT SWITH,of Peterhoro,M*d|.
 *tr. i Cim.itv, f.&gt;r aci iiroif »a him the payment if Two
 Him ‘r I and to.y-l.Ve ilollars, urn! urtiowa, all Rat
 tract or jwreel ol to el situate in tin* it* of K*e:ir«,
 t r af ifi said, sainty of .Umiroe and State of New
 Yirtk: To wh, thirty-three licet firm* «u» Gfoe?»w
 street, ani nm -uw'l**/ kto the rear tto mnr tkl.'i;
 iid«»l&gt;tt| In iul.rn7e tiu fort bail to all ttot c&lt; rtato
 k,t to k»«i.l that pirt to lo| fifty-four (H) i» To wn
 i ship No. I, o« tie* Must Ifonge, known as |!m- t ak
 !flntii* I hi; i«i w tM'lt tto htil torem iittor ni, t*
 S ds»ti»»«iM*to I a* Ivt O, lyiRK totwevn k.is J&lt;&gt;4 amf
 l'»s to *o l J kt»; it Isrifps tto East Kilt &gt;4 lla 9iiU+*
 lot, foraa-rfy In joaialt Btonwlt. J tutor, a.»J
 r avcyito to Kejiff ’rdtos-si. on tto list, day 4
 Maret*. 1»27 Sec Muw&lt;« t R/cord*. Lttov H
 E»sht (H,) to at pw|[e 4»l.
 A to-, dl ’to; tract j*un I if I ucf, sifttilv ia tto
 City ofßocfo sb r, C.a-oly to MwV'e, .ml State to
 N* w York, 't'o wdt, t’tiitv-Swce to (font a»* (i*aa
 %-&lt;w M rr.-t, ami r* imaq lawk to tto to* Ito mum
 w i df:, intern,in., to utla *r* fi.. M c.t half, to all t hat
 certain La to Uai id tiwl part of k t biltoat (.‘T,&gt;
 |i i Tow ship No. irtw.,i4 ito Sixirt ffoo.-r, know•» a»
 •'.a* aleifoeita PWf. or, *hst the to»l m-fem Wemf
 ieito to |i»'i|ul, m rtnlwjpMarl aa for U, ly* J "dl
 isw« U Kit *iml Jy.&gt; 7 sue! I'tat; it ton. *l*
 Wrsl half of tto -ana- to, formctK owned to J- w
 Bfodl, Jihmr, tal tutirW W F.tost TWA«♦«*•*,
 I oa tto 21a &gt;ia»to tfarch. 1 *£i. Muwßoal*o—
 Ihrfor h. L.tor (N.ja. w*fl' Jto I tow
 And. wL-re* &lt;icfn.lt to* f»«* fc *^l*7;
 uwnt At tto mrnmf* mew-i Sl.ai.w*-. *«i
 whn a/w c4aan*4 to rn*mt ml to* “J
 Who v. wr. thrit fnc. tottfre i* toreto
 J.ve., tea. by vwtwp of a "f U
 as -s-i H.. t**»r. aa ta* I** *#*o*
 i« m h ca- ,hr
 -1 urreawes to w-L t
 ,m rarrnrf M nr r «t&lt; H wile C tty 'fltwV*.
 tto OW- to 1 Jvw, .a «t. at *mm oVt««4
 t, ar toras* d ami av
 t.KiiHi* atm If. *f —earre,
 Mil IUMINbIoS.^M.
 I*» t» rt-r" S, f*fN taMlj,
