FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M R. DELANY, Ebitors
VOL. I. NO. 24.
The NORTH STAR is published every
 Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 (Opposite the Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will Ixs received for a less term than
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-live cents.
 The object of the North Star will be to attack
 Slavery in all its forms and aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of Public Morality; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the Colored People;
 and hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our Enslaved I'Kllow Coun-
 TRTMEN.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All communications relating to the business
 nutters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to William C.
 N ell, Publisher.
 $3“ Agents, and all others sending names, arc
 requested to be accurate, and give the Post OJficc,
 .he County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited fo/money received.
 05* Any person sending in the payment for four
 subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth cosy for one year.
 $3” All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS,.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walcutt, 21, Cnrvhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio \V
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield David Ruggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 risburg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire. —Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —-Sydney H. Gay, 112, Nassau
 Street; James McGune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Q.uecn County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amaraney Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M’lviin, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; H. Vashon, B. Bown, Pittsburg;
 William Whipper, Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Paxon, Norristown, Montgomery County, Milo
 A. Townsend, New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. vv
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harveysburgh,
 Warren County; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
From the Pennsylvania Freeman.
 SPEECH OF WENDELL PHILLIPS,
 Delivered on Saturday afternoon the 14 th inst., at the
 Assembly Buildings, Philadelj-h a.
 Our object is the abolition of slavery,
 and these meetings which lie hold are
 mainly but the means for that purpose.
 There is of course a great variety of
 opinions as to the most proper means
 for the abolition of slavery. It is na
 tural there should be,-as long as men
 think independently and it is only
 from independent thinking that such a
 cause as ours, or any unpopular cause,
 gets either sympathy or aid. It is very
 natural, therefore, that there should be
 great varieties ot opinion as to the
 means by which slavery should be at
 tacked; and doubtless it is equally true
 that when slavery is abolished, it will
 be accomplished by the union of men of
 all ideas, or rather, I might say, it will
 be the result of the efforts of all men,
 whether united or separated, who hon
 estly hate the institution and earnestly
 labor to put it down. The abolitionist,
 therefore, because he proposes a par
 ticular method in which to attack sla
 very, by m means asserts that, that is
 the only channel through which the
 great current of public sentiment can
 move; still it is equally a truism with
 what I have been saying, that there is
 such a thing as a good way and a bad
 way; an efficient way and an inefficient
 way; a way that wastes means, and a
 way that husbands them; a way that
 will hasten results, and a way that will
 postpone them indefinitely. Now, the
 duty of those men who have devoted
 life and influence, feeling the cause to
 be worthy of life and influence, is cer
 tainly this, to use all the means in their
 power to point out which is the best
 way, and to press it on the attention and
 to recommend it to the adoption ot the
 community in general. The abolition
 ist, therefore, when he presses upon his
 fellow-citizens a peculiar method by
 which slavery is to be abolished, by no
 means asserts that there may not be
 honest labor in another direction; by no
 means is he so wild and ignorant as to
 suppose that all minds, like all watches,
 can keep time together; not even as
 near as all watches can, and you know
 Charles V. found he could not keep
 them together.
 The duty, however, of adopting and
 of perseveringly recommending the best
 method, is just as important when we
 recognize this idea of human nature as
 when we do not; especially when we
 can consider further, that slavery is an
 evil by no means of a slight chaiacter,
 by no means of a narrow extent, but
 that it has covered the land for two
 centuries, that it corrupts almost every
 element of the national character, that
 we meet it in its influences at every
 turn; that, like the skeleton in the
 feasts of the Egyptian, there is no reli
 gious, no rejoicing anniversary to which
 slavery in the present state of the
 country is not and ought not to be a
 guest. You will remember the com
 plaint of the clergymen who went to
 form what they were pleased to term
 the “Evangelical Alliance,” and who
 thought they had got four thousand
 miles away from the plague-spot of
 their country, but to their dismay and
 discomfiture it was flared in their faces
 at the very moment they wished to unite
 the Christianity of the world in a set of
 abstractions, causing them to cry out
 in very shame and distress, Is there
 no place free from this abomination?”
 Well; now the duty of the abolitionist
 is to see to it that there be no place
 where the conscience of the American
 Jfatitm can exist, into which the preach
cr of an awakened responsibility on the
 subject of slavery is not introduced.
 Well, again, you must not expect
 that reform is a matter of peace. It
 never was, and it never will be. The
 greatest, the only perfect reformer that
 ever appeared on earth, said he came
 not to send peace, but a sword. Re
 form is always aggressive. It cannot
 be otherwise. The moment it sinks
 and lulls itself into quiet, it ceases to be
 reform. And yet whenever there ari
 ses a call for a great and national re
 form, there always starts up a variety of
 characters, and the natural, inevitable,
 consequence is collision, and it cannot
 be otherwise. You will find that in all
 history, you will find that in every state
 of society, the moment there is a call
 for a reformation, there will appear men
 of great charity, men who are like the
 Hindoo fanatic. Their religion con
 sists in putting out their eyes; their
 charity thinks to cover a multitude of
 sins by sealing up their eye-lids instead
 of getting rid of the obstruction to a
 clear and searching vision. These are
 the moderate men, these are the men to
 whom Luther alluded when he described
 Erasmus, his cotemporary, Men who
 strive to walk upon eggs without break
 ing them.” They are men who think
 that moderation is the secret of success,
 when on the contrary there never was a
 reform carried by moderate means or
 moderate measures, and, especially,
 when the evil sought to be eradicated
 had spread its roots through the whole
 sti'ucture of society.
 The whole progress of Christianity
 exhibits a series of great moral battle
 fields. It was not by moderate means
 I that its principles have been promul
 gated. Luther aad Fox were not mod
 j erate men; Lamartine is not a moder
 ate man. He is a bold, out-spoken
 man. It has not been by soft-spoken
 language that the masses of Europe
 have reached, painfully and step by
 step, that elevation where now the
 swarthy brow of labor begins for the
 first time to be cheered and warmed by
 the benignant rays of God’s sun-light.
 These moderate reformers constitute a
 class against which there must be di
 rected not the attacks, but almost the
 suspicion of men that fear to grapple
 with a great national sin. Then there
 is another class of| reformers who
 always come up when a reformation is
 proposed; who are like the men in our
 State Legislatures, always ready to
 vote for a bill, but are sure to saddle it
 with an amendment which will secure
 its defeat. These were the coloniza
 tionists of our early enterprise. Men;
 whose tears always flowed at the!
 thought of the black man being so far'
 oft' front his native soil, whose health
 could only be secured while the breeze
 of his native hills fanned his cheek.—
 These are the men who claim to be
 abolitionists and vote for Henry Clay.j
 thinking they can no where place their j
 head so*sa!'ely as in the lion’s mouth.
 These are the men who, under the
 plea of regard for our principles, be
 tray them. I make these remarks to
 I show that nothing strange has happened
 |to us, because it is .the fate of every re
 form to find these classes of individu
 als, more dangerous from their proxim
 ity. Their disguise, therefore, must be
 exposed they must be contended
 with. The abolitionist, therefore, is
 obliged to be an aggressive man, not
 oi 1/ on the institutions and evils of so
 ciety, but on thi S 3 who propose plans
 I for lelieving them. This is his voca
 tion, to see-that the energies of the
 great national conscience are not
 wasted. It is his duty to see, as far as.
 God has given him ability, that the cur
 rent is not shifted from its proper chan
 nel. He becomes, therefore, necessa
 rily, an aggressive man, a fighter, a
 sentinel. His means are small; the
 evil is great; his time is short; ruin
 looms in the distance; he must meet it,
 and meet it with such materials as he
 has at hand. Again, all these consid
 erations receive more importance from
 the fact that the institution in tire midst
 of wdiich fie stands, is so overwhelming,
 so strong, so mighty, and from the ex
 tremely erroneous views that prevail on
 all sides of him concerning it. For in
 stance: On this day there are gathering
 together in various Chapels those who
 call themselves the representatives of
 the religious sentiment of the nation,
 those who presume to represent the
 Christianity of man. And there is an
 activity on their part. They can re
 member the Hindoo, translate the Bible
 into all the tongues of the globe, flood
 all the Sandwich Islands with enlight
 enment, Christianity and civilization.—
 They have gathered together every vil
 lage from Maine to Georgia to interest
 in the ends of the earth all those who
 sit beneath their ministrations. But
 the Bible to the man who speaks the
 tongue their mother taught, the Bible to
 the oppressed on the banks of the Po
 tomac, the rights of man to the thou
 sands of Alabama and Arkansas, they
 have no voice, no ear for their com
 i plaint, They are silent beneath the
 idea that their position discharges them
 i from all responsibility in the matter.
 The idolatry of the people on the other
 l side of the globe the Pope of Rome,
 who is blessed with all the aid which
 i wealth and science can afford, that is
 i their care, and over that they watch
 with individual responsibility; but the
 l wrongs and miseries of three million
 f slaves in the southern territory, and fai
 1 worse than that, the corrupted sensi
 bilities of fourteen millions who stanc
 with their feet upon their necks; —al
 f this is tabooed to those who represen
 t the religious sentiment of the Americar
 3 people. Well, now, here is a duty foi
 the abolitionist to perform before he cai
 t hope to topple down this great Bastih
 e of oppression and infamy; he must ge
 n the religious sentiment on his side
 nothing less can grapple, with it. Ev
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
erything else it can bribe, everything
 else it can overwhelm, everything else
 it can bully. When he shall once
 bring to his side the religious enthusi
 asm of the old Puritanic stock, with all
 the vigor of that age when they took
 their life from the European side, jus
 tice and humanity shall triumph. This
 is the only way, according to all human
 probability, in which it will ever be
 done. Of course we speak with refer
 ence to the manner in which things are
 usually done in the world, or the man
 ner in which history informs us they
 have been accomplished in all past
 ages. We have no idea what the an
 gelic state of man may be in future
 times. The period may come when he
 will act upon higher principles; but if
 man is to be what he has been, there
 is nothing that can outdo so powerful,
 so subtle, so determined an institu
 tion as slavery, but the religious senti
 ment.
 The mistake of some abolitionists is,
 that they go cap in hand to the door of
 what they are pleased to call a church,
 almost asking pardon for what they call
 schismatic movements. When the Pope
 excommunicated Luther, Luther did not
 apologize. He excommunicated the
 Pope! The world will decide which
 was in the right. We are bound to
 exclaim with Melancthon, “We are
 the church, whoever separates from us,
 separates from the church.” Chris
 tianity is always the highest idea of the
 age. It is always the leader of civili
 zation. Why, I recollect, a year ago
 this month, the New York Evangelist j
 said in a long article, that the church!
 had been recreant in its duty; that re-!
 formers not connected with the church,
 not even professors of religion, had
 anticipated the church. It said the
 church was asleep, and I am sure I w ill
 not dispute that. But the so-called
 church is not the vital embodiment of
 Christianity; it is not God’s represent
 ative on earth. You will remember
 what the Scotch chieftain said when in
 vited to quit his seat at the foot of the
 table, and take the head of the feast.—
 He replied, “Where Macgregor sits is
 the head of the feast.” And so it is in!
 religion; where good is done, there is l
 the church. Infidelity never fathered
 a noble action; I claim them all for;
 Christianity. A noble thought has
 never come up from her. Every goodj
 and every perfect gift comcth down
 from the Father of lights. There can!
 be no Christianity except what is
 Christ-like, and to imagine that any-!
 thing out-does the church of Christ, is!
 blasphemy. I know no apostolic sue- j
 cession except the men on whose heads
 God’s own bands have rested, the'
 Luthers, the Pasclrals, the Oberlihs,
 the Howards, Elizabeth Fry, the Clark
 sons, and others, through whose works
 God has called up Christianity step by
 step in its onward march.
 Christianity docs not exist in an idle
 organization, mark me I am not saying
 that the church organization of this land
 is an idle one, and I will try shortly to
 prove to you that it is not, I am laving
 down a few rules by which I will try to
 prove which is the infidel, which is the
 head of the table.
 Christianity is ever active. It cannot
 exist in an idle church. The blaster
 comes to the door and knocks, in the
 voice of a new idea. He says to the
 church, Come up higher. He wants
 the world to take another step in the
 direction of right, justice, eternal
 truth. It is now the cause of the drunk
 ard, now of the slave, now of the bat
 tle-field, and now the cause of moral
 purity. No matter what it is. It
 knocks at the door, if the sheep hear
 the shepherd’s voice, they will answer
 it, and come out and follow him to the!
 wilderness. If there be no answering
 appeal, then their religion is a matter j
 of habit and not of principle. There
 never was a man who loved truth, and
 justice, and humanity, whose heart
 would not have leaped in his bosom at
 the summons to do battle in behalf of a
 higher phase of God’s providence, no
 matter what the consequences to him
 personally may be. An illustration of
 what I mean is suggested by the cir
 cumstances in which I stand. In Great
 Britain the Friends were a noble band
 in behalf of the slave, before the earli
 est times of Wilberforce. They did
 their duty well, and it was to men
 whose names an ungrateful world has
 forgotten we owe it, that the vessel of
 anti-slavery reform ever reached a safe
 harbor. It was to the Allens, the
 Dillwyns and others, whose money was
 poured like water, who never counted
 day nor night, that the negroes owe
 I their liberty. The Friends in Great
 Britain now have no abolitionism in
 them, I will tell you why I judge them
 so; it they had a spark of anti-slavery
 in them when the question of tory and
 whig, and the corn laws, and all the
 j other liberal and republican questions
 j came up, their hearts would have leaped
 j in the cause, and they would have been
 like their fathers, found battling in be
 half of freedom,justice, andhumanity:
 but they were abolitionists by habit,
 and consequently their hearts did not
 leap in the cause, and they were not
 found following in the footsteps of their
 fathers.
 Now there is another difficulty, and
 a very great difficulty, too, which the
 abolitionist meets with at every turn.—
 We come to the American people with
 the idea that it is the wisdom of Chris
 tianity to serve the human race, and
 ask them their idea of our slave sys
 tem. Well, they are steeped to the
 lips with the idea that the negro is pro
 perty, we cannot get this idea out ol
 them. If you argue with a man till
 i midnight, and finally succeed in en
 lightening him so far as to enable hirr
 to distinguish between man and brutish
 beasts, he all at once learns that Capt
 Sayres helped a man to gain his liberty
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1848.
and asks you if you approve of stealing
 slaves, it you approve of aiding the
 slave to escape. It is impossible to get
 it out of his mind, that between him
 and the negro, a shadow of the slave
 holder ever stands; you cannot enable
 him to comprehend the great, and what
 should be self-evident truth, that a man
 has the first right to himself. Frederick
 JDouglass once applied to a lady, asking
 her to give him something to help the
 anti-slavery enterprise, and this pious
 old lady, who left forty or sixty thou
 sand dollars to the church where she
 worshipped, told him she could not con
 scientiously give anything to a man
 guilty of the enormous crime of steal
 ing himself. Now the means by which
 the abolitionist is to eradicate this idea,
 is to meet the American at every turn,
 to ring it in his ears, man is not pro
 perty; tell him it is right to aid the
 slave to escape, turn the slaveholder
 over to every epithet of truth—truth,
 mark you. But no word should ever
 be spoken for the purpose of exaspera
 tion, and no truth should be left un
 spoken from fear of exasperating any.
 The slaveholder and his abettors
 should be met on every side with the
 assertion of the negro’s humanity; let
 the cry be, the negro is a man, and let
 it be enforced by all the severity which
 it is possible to bring to bear upon the
 mind and conscience of the American
 people. I know the broad capabilities
 of the Anglo-Saxon language for sar
 casm, reproach, and denunciation; but
 I also know that the Anglo-Saxon race
 has a capability for singing, which sur
 passes the utmost capacity of the lan
 guage to denounce their sin, and there
 fore no man need fear of erring as
 Jong as he confines his reproaches and
 denunciations within the dictionary.—
 Another generation will wonder at the
 tameness with which we rebuked the
 slaveholder.
 But I wish to pass, in review, some
 of the other relations that bind us to
 slavery. Now there is the State, That
 is another great element, and the ques
 tion is with the abolitionist, what he
 shall do with the church and state.—
 There is no disposition to shed blood,
 to raise an insurrection. That will not
 do. Every body ignores that. You
 must create a great public sentiment in
 favor of abolition, is the cry. We all
 agree to that,but how is this great pub
 lic sentiment to be raised. Shall it be
 done by these mild men that sit under
 the shadow of our institutions, to re
 buke in the abstract the institution of
 slavery? Mild means have been tried
 for a long time, and the institution lias 1
 been growing stronger and stronger j
 under these mild attempts to
 it. We must try some other means.—
 But you would not abolish the Union,
 say they, in order to get rid of slavery?
 Why, it is by no means certain that we
 would not. But you might get rid of
 slavery quicker some other way This
 is not the question. This is an Ameri
 can question, the question of a man
 whose life is in accordance with that ol
 the politician described by a certain
 author to be “a man who served God:
 as not to offend the Devil.” Now, the
 American people love a compromise.—
 It is bread and meat to them, and,
 therefore, the American’s first question
 is, can you not get rid of slavery quick
 er some other way? I was not born to
 abolish slavery. No man was sent into
 the world to abolish slavery, or intem
 perance, or anything else. He was
 sent into the world to do his duty, and,
 after he has done that, consequences
 are God’s. You say, by staying in the
 Union, you might abolish slavery in a
 short time. By exciting insurrection, I
 might do it quicker still. Perhaps
 were I to drink every day, in public,
 Sam Johnson’s toast, Flere’s to the
 first insurrection in Jamaica,” it would
 help materially to bring about this re-j
 suit. Who knows but that it would j
 startle the slaveholder quicker than any-1
 thing else? But it is not the quickest
 but the rightful way which you are
 bound to take. You have no right to
 remain in the Union in order to abolish
 slavery, any more than you have a
 right to remain in the church for the
 same purpose. Our first duty is to con
 sult the light in our bosom, a light
 placed there for our guidance by the
 hand of Deity, and its guidances we
 are bound to follow, without looking at
 ultimate results, which are God’s. One
 great fault of the American people is,
 that they cannot trust God. They are
 not only afraid to trust him, but they
 do not know what it means to walk by
 faith and not by sight. You must prove
 it to a man; good must spring up under
 his feet. This is one of the compro
 mises of our character which has cor
 rupted the church. We had good sense
 enough when the vessel of state was
 launched. There never were more
 faithful people than the early Friends
 and Methodists They got rid of slavery
 in the church, but they were mystified
 j by the relations into which they w re
 cast by the workings of a corrupt poli
 tical government, and became entan
 gled into it, lost sight of their responsi
 bility to God, and went on acting under
 the government, and taking part in it;
 touched pitch, and necessarily became
 defiled; and now slavery has not a bet
 ter bulwark than the Society of Friends,
 1 nor a stronger champion than the Meth
 odists of the United States. What has
 turned these men aside from their oppo
 sition to slavery An affection of the
 j atmosphere in which they have been
 brought up: We have been probably
 dreaming that slavery would be abol
 ished some how or other. Just as a
 Liberty party man told me the other
 day, who will vote for John P. Hale,
 whose principles he don’t dare even tc
 i; ask—a man who has not yet found oul
 i! whether man has property in his fellow
 i man. After speaking to this Libert)
 party man upon the subject of the na-
tional conscience, he said, “This is J
 just what I told our convention last
 week. I told them that after the next:
 election we must lay down some great
 principle. (Laughter.)
 We have been told, we are alwavs
 told, that it is not a proper time just
 now to abolish slavery. This has al
 ways been the cry, and it ever will be.
 As in the case of property, so in the
 case of slavery. The miser always de
 sires a little more than he has, and the
 slaveholders and their coadjutors say
 the time is just a little ahead. Tnis
 has been the cry since the adoption of
 the Constitution. What are the facts?
 Why, the slaves have increased from
 thousands to millions, and the slave
 power has ramified itself throughout all
 the departments of state, church, and
 society. But there has always been a
 good time coming, when the chains
 should be stricken from the limbs of the
 slave, and he should rise up a man.—
 It was to be in 1807 when the slave
 trade was to be abolished. Indeed,
 this was the general conviction, and so
 the people went into partnership with
 Georgia and South Carolina, until that
 event should come to pass. The aboli
 tion of the slave trade came at last, but
 unfortunately it found an unexpected
 guest at the board. The cotton interest
 was seated there.' The value of slave
 property had so greatly increased that
 the exteimination of the evil was out of
 the question. But they said again, let
 us look a little ahead. When slavery
 gets cooped up in narrow limits, and
 has no more virgin soil to burn out,
 then, said Randolph, the slaves will
 accumulate so fast that their masters
 will run away from them.” (Laughter.)
 This would have been a capital way of
 getting rid of slavery, but unfortunately
 the masters have not yet concluded to
 run away from the slaves, and they are
 equally unwilling to let the slaves run
 away from them. (Laughter.) Well,
 they said the Mississippi will shut sla-;
 very in. It cannot go beyond that!
 river. But when slavery arrived at the S
 Mississippi and found it was hard press- 1
 ed from behind, it very quickly leaped
 over the Mississippi and established it-j
 self on the other side of that majestic
 stream. And now they tell us that sla
 very is to run away off to Mexico, so
 far that it will never get back. (Laugh
 ter.) It will be time enough to believe
 this when we see slavery running. Butj
 that will never be if you let it take its
 own time for it. It is needless to talk
 of the slaveholder giving up his slaves,
 or of slavery running away. Slavery
 can only bo overthrown by uniting
 against it the religious sentiment of the
 land. To do this, we must agitate, must
 sjtcak, must write* Portly men, with a
 great deal in their pockets and very
 little in their heads, laugh at tracts and
 books and abolition speeches, and
 pretend to despise [their influence, and
 perhaps in their ignorance they do de
 spise it.
 George Sands and La Menais began
 to talk to the inhabitants of Paris, to
 write tracts, and scatter them among
 the people. And Louis Phillippe and
 his government laughed at George
 Sands and La Menais and their tracts
 and speeches, but one morning the
 rich and wise monarch, the Napoleon
 of peace, saw before his palace the
 blouses who had counted their number,
 and heard them utter the words of Geo.
 Sands and La Menais, and in a few
 minutes you might have seen an old
 gentleman, with a woman packed under
 his arm, and an umbrella in his hand,
 marching at a brisk pace towards the
 railway station. They bad talked him
 out of his palace, they had talked him
 out of France, they had talked France
 into a republic. (Applause.) So let
 us talk everywhere, and let us talk in
 season and out of season. Let us say
 everywhere, and on all occasions, the
 negro is a man, and has a right to life,
 liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—
 he has a right to himself, and let us say
 we will help him to gain his rights, that
 we will help him to escape the prison
 house of bondage. Let there be no
 shrinking. Let us come boldly up to
 the mark. lam reminded of what Dr.
 Howe told me this afternoon in reia'i m
 to an interview he had with Captain
 Sayres, in the prison at Washington.—
 The Captain remarked, It is true I
 have violated the law of this little plot
 of ground which you call the District
 of Columbia, but -I have not violated
 any law of the kingdom above. (Ap
 plause.) Let us remember this, and
 act upon it, and not cease our efforts
 til! the land shall be rid of this foul
 curse; till our national escutcheon
 shall be purged from this foul blot
 which has so long disgraced it, and our
 country shall indeed be the home of
 the free and the land of the just.” (Ap
 plause.)
From the London Times.
 EEEVATIOjVOF the masses.
 We are aware, however, that no
 theory wall satisfy those who suffer a
 stern reality of degradation and denial.
 The needy millions want something
 more than the cold eye of justice, or
 the illusive smiles of freedom-.
 They want house, food and clothing.
 The want work and wages. They want j
 time to live and time to die, and for
 these purposes the assistance of that
 State to which they contributed so
 much, and which undertakes to protect
 them from a foreign foe, and should also
 render aid against domestic ills. The
 State is wise, and good, and great in
 j the eyes of humble men. They fear it,
 they worship it, they love it. What
 childlike confidence does the honest
 laborer repose in “the gentlemen” who
 rule the destinies of his little sphere
 j The British laborer is taught from his
 childhood to look up for counsel and
 aid&gt; For our part, wc have continually
j urged that it is the duty of the State to I
 fultil such expectations. We have re
 jected and denounced the system of!
 leaving things to take their course, and
 the poor man to shift for himself, as ut-j
 terly inapplicable to our social state.—
 Amid such obloquy we have impressed
 upon the State the duty of supplying
 work to the willing and relief to the
 destitute; of protecting the more help-1
 less sex or age; of enacting by law thej
 dictates of humanity and common
 sense; of adapting legislation to the j
 facts of the case; of laying the chief j
 pressure of our fiscal burdens on those
 who are most able to bear them.
 We cannot better denote the spirit
 of our advice than by referring to the
 chief stigma we have had to endure.—
 Not a month has passed for many a
 long year without a repetition of the
 charge that we were falling into the
 errors of Communism. The smallest
 interference with wages, time, circum
 stances of employment, was compared
 to the frantic demands of a rustic de
 magogue. That was our offence. We
 aimed too much at a domestic, a pater
 nal, protecting legislation.
 Now, we do not hesitate to say, that
 much of our present peace and secu
 rity arises from the extent to which the
 nation has complied with these princi
 ples, imperfect and partial as that com
 pliance has professedly been. The
 population of these islands know and
 confess with more or less readiness that j
 it is under a kind and thoughtful Gov- j
 eminent, anxious to assist the weak and!
 relieve the poor. Every child of pov- j
 erty knows that there are laws and in- j
 1 stitutions of charity, with a powerful
 section in the press and Senate laboring j
 to give them more efficacy and scope, j
 The vast population of the factory and
 the mill feels that its rulers watch over;
 its strength, its education, and its com-i
 fort. This State thus rises up before j
 the national mind as reasonable and
 tender. In point of fact, under very
 {great hindrances and drawbacks, the!
 dream of the Communists and Social-;
 ists receives its nearest possible fulfil-:
 ment. The State becomes a society for!
 i the common good, giving to all its mem- j
 bers a rateable in the common benefit'
 and stock, providing for the sick and j
 aged from the funds of health and
 strength, and securing the weak from
 excessive competition. The British
 empire is a great and friendly society..
 We have often described it in that char
 acter, and done our best that it should
 act up to the responsibility implied.
 Hence it is that we alone stand when
 every realm is shaken, and revolution,
 like the beacon fire, glances from throne
 to throne. In one month the. whole of
 central Europe has not only quailed,
 but succumbed. Why need we count
 up twenty states. Austria has capitu-j
 luted! That speaks for the rest. Aus
 tria, with her untold army, with her
 hundred and fifty thousand men to spare
 j for Italy, with her gigantic ally, with
 her undisputed ascendancy, with Met
 ternich, has submitted to the common
 fate. Surely the fallen depths will say,
 “Art thou also become weak as we?—
 Art thou become like unto us?” There
 is scarcely aught left for revolution.—!
 But its course is from the west. What
 next? If Vienna had its Hungary, itsi
 Poland, its Venice, and Milan, has not
 St. Petersburgh also its Moscow, its re
 bellious Poles, its Teutonic tributaries,
 its Siberian tribes, its Circassian foes?
 Nay, the capital itself is built on new
 territory. Meanwhile, thus far, Eng
 land pursues the even tenor of her
 course. Revolution shrinks from a me
 tropolis where it cannot find one re
 spectable malignant. It sinks at once
 into a vulgar burlesque.
BOUNDLESSNESS of the CREATION
About the time of the invention of j
 the telescope, another instrument was!
 formed, which laid open a scene no less!
 wonderful, and rewarded the inquisi
 tive spirit of man. This was the mi-1
 croscope. The one led me to see a
 system in every star; the other leads
 me to see a world in eVery atom, The
 one taught me that this mighty globe,
 with the whole burden of its people and
 its countries, is hut a grain of sand on!
 the high field of immensity; the other
 teaches me that every grain of sand I
 may harbor within it the tribes ami fam-
 ilies of a busy population. The one
 told me of the insignificancy of the;
 world I tread upon. The other re
 deems it from all insignificancy; for it j
 tells me that in the leaves of every
 forest, and in the flowers of every gar-|
 den, and in the waters of every rivulet,!
 there are worlds teeming with life, and;
 numberless are the glories of the firma
 ment. The one has suggested to me,
 that beyond and above all that is visible
 to man, there may be fields of creation!
 which sweep immeasurably along, and
 carry the impress of the Almighty’s;
 hand to the remotest scenes of the uni-;
 verse; the other suggests tome, that;
 within and beyond all that minuteness
 which the aided eye of man has been
 able to explore, there may be a region
 of invisible; and that, could we draw
 7 j
 aside the mysterious curtain which
 shrouds it from our senses, we might
 see a theatre of as many wonders as
 astronomers have unfolded, a universe
 within the compass of a point so small
 as to chide all the powers of the micro
 scope, but where the wonder-working
 God finds room for all his attributes,
 where he can raise another mechanism
 ot worlds, and fill and animate the evi
 dence of his glory.— Chalmers.
We learn our virtues from the bosom
 friends who love us; our faults from the
 enemy who hates us. We cannot easi
 ly discover our real form fr-om a friend.
 He is the mirror, on which the warmth
 of our breath impedes the clearness of
 reflection.
WILLIAM C. NELL, Publisher
 JOHN DICK,. Printer.
WHOLE NO-24.
THE POWER OF k KINDNESS.
Fenelon was a Roman Catholic, and
 Arch Bishop of Cain bray, in France.
 He was a man of file finest feelings, of
 the greatest benevolence, and he uni
 formly practiced the law— “overcome
 evil with good.” lie was always kind
 and affable to the lowly, mild and
 courteous to the ignorant, philanthropic
 to the miserable, gentle both
 to friend and foe. The consequence
 was, that he won all hearts. His
 diocese was often the seat of war but
 the English, Germans, and Dutch even
 surpassed the inhabitants of Carnbray
 in their love and veneration for him.
 At such times, he gathered the wretch
 ed into his residence and entertained
 them for his know'n goodness had
 surrounded him with a power which
 even contending armies could not
 resist; and the consequence was, that
 his dwellings were safe, even when
 towns and villages were lying in
 smoking ruins around him. The fol
 lowing is an instanse of his great kind
 ness.—He observed one day, that a
 peasant, who had been driven from his
 home, and to whom Fenelon had given
 shelter, ate nothing. He enquired the
 reason: “Alas!” said the poor man,
 “in making my escape from my cot
 tage, I had not time to bring off my
 cow, which was the support of my
 family. The enemy will drive her
 away, and I shall never find another so
 good-” Fenelon, availing himself of
 his privilege ot safe conduct, immedi
 ately set out, accompanied by a single
 servant, and drove her back himself to
 the peasant. By thus walking accor
 ding to the law ol overcoming evil with
 good, he gained the affection of all.
 The peasantry loved him as their fath
 er—and, long after his death, their
 tears would flow when they said,
 There is the chair on which our good
 Arch Bishop used to sit in the midst of
 us; we sh 11 see him no more.” What
 a crown of unfading glory the law of
 love gave him!— Montgomery.
“HE MY ENEMY MASSA,”
The following was first published in
 the London Christian Observer:—
 A slave in one of the islands of the
 est Indies, who had originally come
 from Africa, having been brought un
 der the influence of religious instruc
 tion, became singularly valuable to his
 owner, on account of his integrity and
 general good conduct.
 After some time his master raised
 him to a situation of some consequence
 in the management of his estate; and
 on one occasion, wishing to purchase
 twenty additional slaves, employed him
 to make the selection, giving him
 instruction to choose those who were
 strong and likely to make good work
 men.
 Phe man went to the slave market
 and commenced his scrutiny. He had
 not long surveyed the multitude offered
 for sale, before he fixed his eye upon
 one old and decrepit slave, and told his
 master that he must be one. The
 master appeared greatly surprised at
 his choice, and remonstrated against
 it.
 The poor fellow begged that he
 might be indulged; when the dealer
 remarked, that if they were about to
 buy twenty, he would give them the
 man in the bargain.
 The purchase was accordingly made,
 and the slaves were conducted to the
 plantation of their master; but upon
 none did the selecter bestow half the
 attention and care that he did upon the
 poor old decrepit African.
 He took him to bis own habitation,
 and laid him upon his own bed; he fed
 him at his own table, and gave him
 drink out of his own cup: when he was
 cold, he carried him into the sunshine;
 and when lie was hot, he placed him
 under the shade of the cocoanut-tree.
 Astonished at the attention this confi
 dential slave bestowed upon a fellow
 slave, his master interrogated him upon
 the subject.—He said, Tou could net
 take so much interest in the old man,
 but for some special reason: he is a
 relation ofyours, perhaps your father?”
 No, massa,” answered the poor
 fellow, “he no my fader.” “He is
 then an elder brother?” No, massa,
 !heno my broder!” Then he is an
 uncle, or some other relation?” “No,
 massa, he no be my kindred at all,
 nor even my friend!” Then,” asked
 I the master, on what account does he
 excite your interest?” “He my ene-
 I rny, massa,” replied the slave, “ho
 sold me to the slave dealer; and my
 Bible tell me, when my enemy hunger,
 feed him, and when he thirst, give him
 drink.”
Tobacco and Teeth.— lt has long
 been a popular whim that tobacco was
 a preservative of the teeth, tending to
 prevent tartarous excresences, which
 inflame the gums and render the
 bloodvessels irritable and tender. I)r.
 Cordell, an experienced dentist of Al
 bany, in a late work on the effects of
 tobacco, alcohol and drugs on the teeth,
 gives the following testimony:—“l
 have found much more difficulty in
 fitting artificial teeth in the mouths of
 tobacco chewers than others, owing to
 the irritable and tender state of the
 gums. Tobacco causes the gums to
 recede from the teeth whereby they
 l become loosened.’'
Nature has placed the natural eye
 of men in the front sid6 of the head.—
 false edneation, or natural perversity,
 has twisted round the mental eye of
 some men, so that it looks out at the
 back side of the head. Hence the two
 parties in the world,—the Forward-look
 ing, and the Backward-looking; or the
 Progressives and the Retrogressives.-
 Horace Mann.
