Notices.
Meetings in the West.
 Henry C. Wright, the Apostle of Peace,!
 and Charles C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anti-1
 slavery Advocate, will hold meetings at the J
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th 1/th
 New Brighton, 19th 20th
 Louisville Ohio 22d
 Youngstown, 21th 25th
 New Lyme 97th
 Painesville, 29th
 Chagrin Falls, July Ist &amp;2d
 Cleveland, d-th
 Twinsburgh, 9th
 Richfield, Bth 9th
 Akron, 1,l V„ tJil
 Ravenna, 1
 Randolph, 15lh lGttl
 Massillon,
 Thft meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,!
 and Akron, will commence at ten o’clock, A.i
 M.; the others, on the first day of the meet- j
 mgs at two o’clock, P. M.; subsequent days)
 at°lo A. M. 1
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace
 are requested to make all necessary arrange
 ments for the meetings, and give as wide aj
 notice as possible. !Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op
 portunity afforded by these meetings to pay
 for the Anti-Slavery Standard, to Samuel-
 Brooke.
National Convention of the Liberty
 League.
 Notice. —Agreeably to the recommenda
 tion of the Liberty Party Convention, held in
 Auburn, January 12th and 13th, 1848, a Na
 tional Liberty Party Convention will be held
 in the city of Buffalo, on the 14th and 15th
 davs of June, 1848.
 This Convention, from the fact that it is ex
 pected to nominate candidates for. President
 and Vice President; and to take high and ef
 fective gi'ound in behalf of personal liberty,
 free-trade, free-soil, exemption from the bur
 den and curse of war, and from other viola
 tions of the equal rights of all men, will proba
 bly attract a large concourse of persons and
 be of a deeply interesting character.
Aid from England.
 Our friends will be gratified to learn, that
 the Address of the Anti-Slavery Women of!
 Western New York,” has been separately i
 printed and circulated in England, with the.
 view of helping the cause along. We ant-I
 cipate much from this effort. Several of the
 names appended will be recognised as the
 foremost in every good work. After the
 address, the following is added
 Responding to the call of these noble
 hearted women, and desiring not only to sym
 pathise, but to co-operate with them in carry
 ing out their intended plan for supplying
 articles for the Rochester Anti-Slavery Ba
 zaar, a few warm friends of emancipation
 propose to send out boxes of needle-work for
 this purpose, and they earnestly solicit the
 aid of all who are interested in the cause of
 the poor oppressed American slave.
 Contributions of every description, fancy
 works of every kind, books, prints, drawings,
 &amp;c., .will be thankfully received by the fob
 owing ladies
 Mrs. Hovvitt, Upper Clapton.
 Miss Campbell, Tabernaele House, Fins
 bury.
 Misses Griffiths, Beckenham, Kent, and
 5, Charles Square, London.
 Mrs. Joseph Biggs, Knighton, Leicester.
 Mrs. Ellis, 11, Charlotte Street, Park
 Street, Bristol.
 Mrs. Edward Richardson, 6, Summer
 Hill Grove, Nevvoastle-on-Tyne.
 Mrs. Dixon, Tatham Street, Bishopwear
 mouth, Sunderland.
 Miss Nicholson, Eden Bank, Carlisle.
 Donations in money will also he very ac
 ceptable. All contributions are requested to j
 be forwarded by the Ist of October next.” J
 We feel assured that this tender of help j
 from England will encourage the friends of
 the slave, in this, the land of his bondage
 and oppression, to redouble their efforts, and j
 urgo them to continued “perseverance and;
 fidelity in the work of restoring men and wo- j
 men to themselves —to the rights and bless
 ings with which they were endowed by our
 Creator.”
Anti-Slavery Feeling in Virginia.
 A recent number of the Richmond South
 erner contains the following article. After
 deprecating the existing debates in Congress,
 on the subject of Slavery, the Editor pro
 ceeds
 The country proposed to be ceded to us
 by the late treaty with Mexico, it should be
 remembered, the Almighty has Wihnot Pro
 visoed. Should the free States consent (and
 that they never will,) that slavery shall be
 allowed there, still the climate and the,
 country would forbid it. Why, therefore,
 should we contend for that which profiteth us
 not —which we can never pessess Js it not
 wisdom on our part to say to the North, We
 be brethren and if we cannot possess this 1
 property on such terms as will be mutually 5
 agreeable, let us not have it at all. Let usj
 not take that which must bscome an apple of;
 discord and a bone of contention to us and our
 successors, and which must end in a separa
 tion of a people whose fathers have given us
 so go6dly a heritage.,
 And now as to this Slavery question,
 fellow-citizens of the South, let us in good
 feeling reason one with another. It should
 be remembered that Great Britain has abol
 ished slavery in all her colonies; France,
 Denmark, Sweden, and other countries of
 Europe, except Spain, have done so likewise,
 is it natural to suppose that the other powers!
 •of Europe will long suffer imbecile and en- j
 foebled Spain to hold on to it When she
 g ves way, the entire civilized world, with!
 tiie exception of Brazil, will be arrayed:
 ajainst us on this question. Now, what is S
 our policy Is it not wisdom on our part to i
 avoid having the question of Slavery agitated i
 ii our political institutions The North has'
 p'edged itself to maintain intact and inviolate!
 tie compromises of the Constitution. Let
 u therefore, abandon the acquisition of ter
 ritory, and free ourselves from this untoward
 di Kculty.
 It is not generally known, yet it is never
 theless true, that two-thirds of the people of
 Virginia are open and undisguised advocates
 of ridding the State of Slavery; and after
 the year 1850, when the census is taken, their
 views will be embodied in such form as to
 Startle the South. We speak understandinoiv.
 We have, within the last two years, con
 versed with more than five hundred slave
 holders in the State and four hundred and
 fifty out of the five hundred expressed them-!
 selves ready to unite on any general plan to!
 abolish slavery upon almost any terms.
 Abolition fanaticism at the North has not
 produced this, but the annexation of Texas
 snd the acquisition of territory have done it.
 Virginia may be put down as no longer reli
 inble on this question. When she goes, the
 District of Columbia is free territory then
 Delaware and Maryland will also go, and
 North Carolina and Kentucky will follow
 suit, Tins will surround the extreme South
 with free States and when that day comes,
 and it will not be very long, we would just
 as lief own a parcel of wild turkeys as so
 many slaves.
A telegraphic despatch from Washington
 savs, despatches have'been received from the
 city of Mexico, which speak with entire con
 fidence of the ratification of the treaty.
Speech of Giddings,
 On the bill to pay the Executrix of Benjamin Hodges,
 deceased, for a Slave who left his master in Prince
 Georges county, in August, 1544, and was sup~
 jtosed to have escaped on board the British Fleet.
 Mr. Giddings remarked, that the recommit
 ment of the bill, in order to obtain a report of
 the facts involved, as proposed bo the gentle
 man from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] would be
 equivalent to a rejection of it. No, said he,
 we must take the case without proof, 01 we
 must reject it. There is not a scintilla of le
 gal evidence in the case.
 Mr. Chapman desired to explain, (Mr. Gid
 dings yielded the floor,) and said he Would
 refer the committee to the affidavits on file
 there were three of them.
 Mr. Giddings resumed, lie said he would
 assure the gentleman from Maryland that he
 had carefully examined those affidavits. Not
 one of the witnesses attempted to speak to
 any fact within his knowledge. They’ each
 referred to what they heard other persons say,
 who knew no more in relation to the matter
 than the witnesses themselves. I repeat, said
 he, we have no proof to a single fact involved.
 If we legislate on the subject, we must do so
 in utter ignorance of all the circumstances at
 tending it. Yet Ido not regard that as a
 matter of much importance when compared
 with the principles involved. Before I entei
 upon an examination of the case, however, 1
 wish to say that the charge which southern
 members have raised, that northern gentle
 men have introduced the subject of slavery
 into this debate, was not unexpected to me
 lt is in strict keeping with their usual prac
 tice. What are the facts A slaveholder in
 treduces a bill appropriating the money of tin
 nation to pay for human flesh. My frienc
 from New Hampshire objects to its passage
 for the reason that he is unwilling to have tin
 burdens of that institution thrown upon tin
 people of the free States, and straightway
 five southern members follow him in debate
 each charging him with introducing the ex
 citing subject of slavery into the discussion.—
 Do gentlemen suppose they can thus misleac
 the public! Do they believe that we shall si
 here, with silent tongues and sealed lips, am
 sutler such bills as this to pass this body
 assure them, most respectfully, that we shal
 oppose all attempts to involve our people- ir
 the expense, the guilt, or disgrace of slavery
 l No northern man has ever, to my knowledge,
 introduced that question-here, except for the
 purpose of separating the people of the fret
 States from its support. No, sir; if any
 Southern man can point to an instance ir
 which members from the north have bronghl
 the question of slavery into this Hall, excepi
 to defend our people from the encroachment
 of that institution, let them now rise and sus
 tain their charges with proof. (Mr. G. paus
 ed a moment, and then resumed.) Mr. Speak
 er, where are those gentlemen who made
 these charges 1 Why, sir, “they now roai
 you gently as sucking doves.”
 I now proceed to examine the case before
 us. I repeat, that the claim is entirely un
 supported by proof. But the petitioner state:
 that she is the widow of Benjamin Hodges
 late of Maryland; that he owned a slavi
 who, in 181-1, was taken away in August o
 that year bv the British army, on their retun
 from this city to the Chesapeake Bay. Now
 sir, this statement of the case gives the p'eti
 tioucr r.o claim upon this government, unles:
 we have become holden by some act of ours
 This seems well understood by the petitioner
 and by the committee who reported the bill
 They therefore refer to our treaty of peace
 with Great Britain, signed at Ghent on th&lt;
 24th December, 1811. The first article o
 which provides, that each party shall evaeu
 ate all territory, places, and possessions, ta
 ken during the war,” without destruction, o:
 carrying away any of the artillery or othe;
 public property originally captured .in sak
 forts or places, and which shall remain thereir
 upon the exchange of ratifications of this
 treaty, or any slaves, or other private pro
 perty.”
 Our Government claimed, under this treaty
 that England should pay our slaveholders loi
 all slaves taken from our shores by the Britisl
 fleet when tiroj- left our coast. England re
 fused, and the subject was referred to the Em
 peror of Russia. He decided that the British
 Government was bound to pay for slaves thus
 carried away when they left our shores, after
 the signing of the treaty. This led to the
 treaty of St. Petersburgh, dated the 17th
 June, 1822, by the first article of which pro
 vision is made for establishing a board, con
 sisting of two commissioners and two arbitra
 tors, to determine the claims presented by the
 people of this Government. This board was
 constituted the joint agents of both Govern
 ments. Ilis Britannic Majesty appointed one
 commissioner and one arbitrator and the
 President of the United States, by and with
 the advice and consent of the Senate, ap
 pointed the other commissioner and arbitra
 tor. England never trusted this fund to Con
 gress for distribution that was to be done by
 the joint commission. The second article
 provided for the ascertaining of the average
 value of slaves.
 The third article read as follows:
 When the average value of slaves shall
 have been ascertained and fixed, the two com
 missioners shall constitute a board for the ex
 amination of. the claims which arc to be sub
 mitted by' them and they shall notify the
 Secretary of State of the United States that
 they are ready to receive n definite list of the
 slaves and other private property for which the
 citizens of the United States claim indemnifi
 cation it being understood and hereby agreed
 that the commission shall not take cognizance
 of, or receive, and that his Britannic Majesty
 shall not he required to make payment for
 any claim for private property not contained in
 said list.”
 There is no pretence that the slave in
 question was named in said list. The report
 of the committee admits, that lie was not.—
 [Calls from various parts of the Hall were
 made for the reading of this article again.—
 Mr. G. again read it, and proceeded.] This,
 sir, was our distinct compact with Great
 Britain. We solemnly stipulated that no
 claims should be made on that Government,
 nor should she be required to make compensa
 tion for claims other than those contained on
 the list furnished by our Secretary of State.
 To-day we are called on to appropriate this
 money to the payment of other claims. We
 are asked to violate this solemn treaty, to dis
 regard the pledged faith of the nation, in or
 der to give this slaveholder the benefit of the
 body, of the hones and muscles, the blood and
 sinews of his fellow-man.
 But, sir, in order that no room for cavil
 should be left, the fifth article provided that
 the decision of the two commissioners, or a
 majority of the board, shall in all cases be
 conclusive as to number, value, or the owner
 ship of slaves, or other property for which in
 demnity is to be made.” They were riot
 only to confine themselves to the list furnished
 them by our Secretary of State, but their
 decision upon the claims mentioned on said
 list was to be entirely conclusive upon the
 parties.
 Under this treaty, the members of this
 board were appointed, met in this-city, organ
 ized, took the oath of office, and called on the
 Secretary of State for the list mentioned. It
 was furnished; but there was no claim for
 this slave upon it. They proceeded to exam
 ine and adjudicate upon claims presented on
 said list. Y\ hen they had completed their
 lajors, they found the amount of all claims
 allow ed on said list to be twelve hundred and
 lour thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.”
 .1 hls was the precise amount of claims allowed
 by the board, who acted as the ao-ents of G
 I ntam and of the United States. And on
 the loin of November, 1826, at London, an
 other convention was entered into, by the Ist
 artide of which it was provided that his
 Biitannic Majesty should pay to this Govern
 ment the sum just mentioned for the use
 at the persons entitled to indemnification and
 compensation by virtue of said decision.”—
 n, to divert this money, or any portion of
 it, to the payment of other claims, would be a
 violation of the trust reposed in this Goverp
ment, a breach of this solemn covenant, and
 a total disregard of our pledged faith. If
 there be one cent more than to meet those
 claims, there has been a mistake or a fraud on
 our pait. In 1842, as Chairman of the Com
 mittee on Claims, I held a correspondence
 with the department on this subject, and was
 then informed that abont four thousand dollars
 of this fund had not then been paid out to
 those to whom it was due. I now understand
 there are about two thousand dollars still
 remaining undistributed. But it belongs to
 the person to whom it was awarded as much
 as though it were bank stock and when
 tl ey or their heirs call for it at the treasury,
 they must receive it, whether the demand be
 made this year or a century hence. The bill,
 therefore, is nothing more nor less than a
 proposition to pay for the slave from the public
 treasury.
 The committee who reported this bill admit
 that the claim does not come within the pro
 visions of the treaty yet they say the peti
 tioner lost the slave, and they propose to pay
 for his loss. Sir, shall we pay for all slaves
 that have been lost? Any other man -yvho
 has a slave run away, has an equal claim with
 this petitioner. The owner of any one of the
 thousand’fugitives now in Canada has as much
 claim upon the national treasure for compen
 sation as the petitioner. It' we pay this claim
 the money must come from the pockets of the
 j people. The people of the free States must
 pay at least three-fourths of it. If we pay
 i this, shall we pay for all fugitive slaves
 j There are probably thirty, or perhaps forty
 thousand masters who will present claims on
 us for their locomotive property, each of which
 i is as meritorious as the one under considera
 lion.
 Mr. Chairman, at the very moment we are
 thus called on to legislate for the support of
 slavery in Maryland and in the other slave
 States, we are told that we have no power
 whatever over that institution that it is so far
 beyond our control, that we must not even
 discuss its merits. Now, sir, I desire that
 southern gentlemen shall take some position,
 and that they shall remain in it at leastduring
 this session of Congress. If we have juris
 diction of slavery in the States, let southern
 men admit the fact,and let us at once abolish
 it from our Union, and wipe out the foul blot
 that has so long disgraced our national char
 j acter. If we have not jurisdiction of it, why
 I are we called on to legislate for its support?
 jlf it be a State institution, why is it con
 stantly dragged into the discussions of this
 j Hall Why are we called on to take juris
 diction of it? Why are itsirurdens sought to
 be cast upon the people of the free States?—
 Why are we to participate in its crimes? A
 year or two since, we were not permitted to
 speak our views in regard to slavey, for the
 [reason, as southern gentlemen then said, that
 j we had no power over it to-day, they ask us
 |to legislate for its benefit. Yes, sir, it is au
 [established fact, and history will record it,
 I that we are now legislating upon the rights of
 J a master to his slave in Maryland not at the
 instance of northern members —no, the bill
 was reported by a gentleman_from South Car
 olina, (Mr., Rhett,) and we northern men sit
 here with all becoming gravity and solemnly
 enter into an investigation of this man’s right
 j to the body of his fellow-man in that State.—
 I repeat, sir, we have jurisdiction of this sub
 -1 jeet, or we have not. lam willing to leave
 the selection of either horn of this dilemma to
 j southern men. They may take their choice
 i but let them choose one or the other. Let us
 know \Hiere to find them. I have at all times
 denied that A? have any constituilc."!? 1 powers
 in relation to this institution. But if we have
 the constitutional right to legislate on the sub
 ject, and to appropriate the treasure of the
 nation in the manner proposed, then, sir, let
 us change the form of the bill before us, and
 give the two hundred and eighty dollars which
 it appropriates, to the slave instead of the
 master. That proposition would be much
 more consonant to my feelings, and is equally
 within our power, and much nearer our duty.
 1 would go further, and would grant fifty or a
 hundred dollars to each slave who shall es
 cape from his master, as a bounty for his en
 ergy, and to begin the world with. But south
 ern men will start hack with horror at this pro
 position. Tet, sir, if we are to appropriate
 the money of our people on this subject, I in
 sist that the appropriation shell be for the pro
 motion of freedom, and not of slavery. 1 re
 peat that I arm willing southern members
 should, choose either position. They may
 give us jurisdiction of slavery, or they may
 retain it in their several states. But if they
 place it in our hands, then I propose to abolish
 it at once, to strike it from existence. But,
 sir, I tell southern gentlemen that we will not
 take jurisdiction of it to-day, and deny that we
 have any power over it to-morrow. We
 will not face to the right, to the left, and to
 the right-about, at the bidding of the slave
 power.
 Sir, I insist that we have no constitutional
 power to sit here and appropriate our time to
 the investigation of this matter of slavery.—
 |lt is an indignity to the people of the free
 States. They sent us here for no such ob
 ject. I say to gentlemen of the south; “Take
 care of slavery in your own way we will
 have nothing to do with it. Its blessings and
 its curses, .its evils and its benefits, its vices,
 its crimes, its guilt and its disgrace, are yours.
 Keep them to yourselves We will not con
 taminate our moral or our political purity by
 any participation in them.
 Even during this present discussion, gentle
 men have complained that vve northern men
 are striving to extend our power over slavery.
 This is their perpetual cry on all occasions.-
 Why, sir, from the time 1 first took my seat in
 this Hall to the present day, I have opposed
 all attempts to connect slavery with this Gov
 ernment. I repeat what I said a few days
 since, that as early as 1842 I was driven from
 my seat in this body for presenting resolutions
 denying the power of the Federal Government
 to involve the free States in the support of the
 coastwise slave trade.
 Mr. Holmes,of South Carolina, interrupted
 Mr. Giddings, who yielded him the floor. He
 then stated that Mr. Giddings was not cen
 sured for presenting such resolutions, but lor
 presenting a petition for dissolving the Union,
 and surreptitiously sending it to a committee
 of the House.
 Mr. Giddings resumed. Sir, it is a most
 lamentable fact, that whenever we speak upon
 this subject, slaveholders in this House be
 come, for the time being, actually demented.
 Now, there is not the least doubt that some
 phantom is haunting the disordered imagina
 tion of the gentleman, (Mr. liolmes,) to the
 effect which he has named. Sir, my resolu
 tions are upon record, and will bear to those
 who shall follow us the sentiments I have ex
 pressed here to-day.
 Mr. Holmes (interrupting Mr .Giddings) re
 peated what he had previously said.
 Mr. Giddings resumed. The gentleihan is
 entirely mistaken; his assertion is false, tho’
 surely.not so intended.
 Mr- Gayle called Air. Giddings to order.
 The Chairman, (Mr. Sims, of S. C.) deci
 ded that Mr. Giddings had violated no rule of
 the House.
 Mr. Giddings resumed. Sir, I well know
 the gentleman from South Carolina is incapa
 ble of asserting an intentional falsehood. And
 his persisting in the assertion is conclusive
 proof of his dementation. 1 repeat that in no
 instance, from my advent to this Hall down to
 the present day, have I ceased to oppose all
 interference with slavery. 1 have endeavored
 to the extent of my humble powers, to separ
 ate the Government and the people of the free.
 States from all connection with it. I shall
 continue those efforts, aqd thousands and tens
 of thousands of others are exerting their
 moral and political influence to effect that ob
 ject, and we sjrall not coase our exertions un
 til, by Gotj’s blessing, we shall redeem our
 selves and the Government from all support of
 that institution.
 [to be pONCBUDED OUR NEXT.]
IK/ 3 The poet Wordsworth is said to be in
 a state of imbecility, sitting often jq moody
 silence, with hi? raze fixed on vacancy.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 9, 1848,
New England. Convention.
 This body of the true and the tried friends
 |of Emancipation, assembled in Boston, on
 I Tuesday, 30th May, and continued its meet
 ings during three days. Our engagements
 at home denied us the privilege of being pre
 sent after the first day; we are therefore
 I unable to give our readers an account of its
 final doings. The day of its assembling was
 very tempestuous, dark, and rainy the meet
 ing in the morning was therefore quite thinly
 I attended, though large, considering the wca-
 I tlicr. The morning meeting was chiefly oc-
 Jcupied by our valued friend J. N. BufFum.
 !He had recently been in Washington, and
 seen the noble Drayton, Sayres, and English,
 j the three men who, for doing a deed in per
 i feet accordance with the law of nature and of
 God, are now confined in our national prison.
 'The account of his interview with them was
 deeply affecting. They are confined in se
 parate cells, each dark and loathsome. Two
 meals a-day, and those consisting of corn
 bread and herrings, is all they get, except
 what they are able to purchase with their
 own scanty change. BufFum asked them if
 they had any money. Very little, was the
 reply whereupon he gave them six dollars,
 and bade them be of good cheer. Drayton
 appears to be a man of nerve. Though well
 aware of the .ferocity of the men into whose
 j hands he has fallen, he is calm and self-pos
 isessed, and conversed with great freedom of
 his position. It was not until BufFum spoke
 of having seen his (Drayton’s) wife and child
 ren, and gave him the assurance of Edward
 M. Davis, that his family should not suffer,
 that ho gave signs of emotion—a tear now
 stole down his rugged cheek. That,”
 said he to BufFum, is all I now desire lam
 ready for anything that may await me.” Oh,
 j shame, eternal shame, on the nation boasling
 its liberty and Christianity, while such a man
 for such a deed is confined to a dungeon!
 Friend BufFum it.formed us, that he called
 at the office of the National Era, in the hope
 j of hearing something of the situation of these
 j noble men; hut strange as it may seem,
 neither the editor of the Era nor its publisher,
 has dared to visit these men in prison. Gid
 dings, the Whig, could go; Baily, the Li
 berty Party man, could not. Let this be
 remembered.
 When friend BufFum sat down, William
 j Lloyd Garrison reported a series of resolu
 lions from the business Committee, which
 brought several speakers to their feet, and
 quite an interesting discussion took place on
 the several resolutions, but mainly on the
 motto of the American Anti-Slavery Society,
 “No Union With Slaveholders.” Mr.
 Thompson, of Walpole, desired the Conven
 j tion to inform him what they meant by the
 raotte in question. There were many who
 jdid not understand it; and for their sake.
 rather than for his own, ho desired an cx
 planation. Air. Pierpont, too, did not under. j
 stand the motto, and proceeded to show that
 l the Convention that adopted it, were at fault
 —that they were in union with slaveholders,
 jby using the'National Post Office. Mr. Gar
 rison and Mr. Burleigh replied to Mr. Pier
 pont, showing to the govern- j
 Tment’s monopoly in carrying letters is a very
 different thing from swearing to support a
 Constitution pledging them to return fugitive
 ;slaves to bondage, and to shoot down the!
 i slave, in trying to gain his liberty by force, j
 It strikes us as being rather a small business!
 a mind like that of Mr. Pierpont to be
 framing such an argument to ease his con- j
 science. He might as well say, that the i
 Emperor of Russia is in favor, or in union
 with republicanism, because he leads a letter
 from America, as to say that we who have j
 abandoned the political franchise are in union j
 with slaveholders, because we use the Amer
 ican Post Office. It was, however, admitted
 by our friends, if using the Post Office placed
 them in the necessity of upholding slavery, it
 was their duly to abandon the use of the
 Post Office. Mr. Pierpont was asked if he
 was ready to do this, and he answered. No.
 And how else could he answer! There was
 no way of escape.
 The meeting in the afternoon was large
 and spirited, occupied mainly with the same
 question that had engaged the attention of the
 meeting in the morning. Mr. Phillips was
 the chief speaker, dwelling at large upon the
 justice and the expediency of maintaining our
 I present exalted position—“No union with
 slaveholders.” Mr. Foster followed, but
 called attention to the church, rather than the
 i government. The afternoon meeting ad
 journed from the Melodeon, to meet in Fan
 euil Hall in the evening.
 The meeting here was worthy of the time,
 the place, and the holy cause of freedom
 which it nret to promote. Charles C. Bur
 leigh arid William 11. Cbanning were the
 chief speakers. Their addresses were of the
 highest order, sweeping along with them the
 judgment and sympathies of the great audi
 ence before theip. We hops to be able next
 week to give our readers some of the excel
 lent resolutions and other proceedings of this
 Convention.
Speech of Hon. J. It. Giddings.
 We have crowded out some original articles
 this week, in order to lay before our readers
 a part of the noble speech recently delivered
 by this fearless representative in Congress.
 In comparison with this speech how tame are
 the speeches of the great Liberty Party
 candidate, and how contemptibly cringing is
 the course of the National Era. The Era
 and its friends are always talking about its
 latitude and the duty of using soft language,
 to suit it. Why does not Giddings put in
 the same plea He is in the same place,
 and is liable to all -the abuse (a an Y
 other professed Abolitionist i$ liable, Yet
 without a word of cunoiliqtiqn, ho pours the
 most scorching truths upon the naked hearts
 of slaveholders, and is ready to take the con
 sequences. Give us the man who is an
 Abolitionist, rather than him who has but
 the name.
TO CORRESPONDEDS
J. S. M., Port Byron. —The fault must be in the
 Post Office.
 W. 11. II.) Salem, Ohio,—Received.
 C. F., Port Byron.—Received. Thanks for
 good wishes,
 V. N., Harvevsburgh, Ohio.—Received.
 A. 8., Obsrlin, Ohio. —Received for \V. D.
 w. C. C., West Eaton. —Received.
The Hutchinson Family.
 The conduct of this talented family, in
 singing a highly complimentary song to that
 notorious manstealer, Henry Clay, when in
 New York, two months ago, met at that'
 lime, as it does now, our most earnest and;
 unqualified condemnation. We deemed it a
 palpable departure from all their former pro
 fessions and practices, and a most cruel and
 grievous wound to the cause of the bleeding:
 bondman and though we were disposed to!
 make every allowance for them on the ground
 of their excitable and impulsive natures, we
 could not but feel that in that transaction,
 they had fallen from anti-slavery grace. It
 was therefore with feelings of no ordinary
 pleasure, that we witnessed their re-appear
 ance at the recent anniversary meeting of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society in New
 York. We, in common with others, hailed
 their presence and noble songs on that occa
 sion, as evidence of their return to their
 former position on the Anti-Slavery platform,
 and took both as an expression of regret that
 they had faltered and erred, in singing com
 plimentary songs to Henry Clay. In this,
 however, it seems we were mistaken. The
 i Lynn Pioneer and Herald of Freedom, which
 I seems to speak by authority, says, they
 i meant no such thing, and couples our humble
 j name with its declaration, in such a manner,
 jas to.leave the impression that we sympathise j
 I with him in this view of the case. It there-J
 I fore becomes our duty to speak of this matter
 again, though we had hoped that it was
 settled to the satisfaction of all concerned;
 I and are quite sorry that any further reference]
 j to it is rendered necessary,
 j It is a little singular that papers like the
 Lynn Pioneer and the Chronotype, should
 j seem anxious to make out a case of non-re
 pentance for the Hutchinson family. The
 singing in honor of Henry Clay, if we may
 credit their former professions, is as much at
 variance with their idea of Anti-Slavery duty
 and testimony, as with that of William Lloyd
 Garrison, Wendell Phillips, ourself, or any
 other friend of the Anti-Slavery cause. It
 seems to us that the course of these papers
 is to be understood in the light of their strong
 dislike of the American Anti-Slavery Society,
 lather than in their regard for the honor, in
 tegrity, and fidelity of the Ilutchinsons. The
 occurrence at the New York meeting has
 furnished them with another opportunity of
 pouring out their venom.
 The only point of difference between our
 self and Wendell Phillips, relates to the
 manner of receiving the Hutchinson family
 into our meetings. He thought it necessary
 to prescribe special terms, on which the pre- j
 sence and songs of the Hutchinson family:
 were welcomed into our meetings, whereas
 we think that the constitution of the Society
 settles that question, and leaves it out of the j
 power of any member of the Society to say
 who are welcome, and who are not welcome
 on its platform, either to sing, preach, or
 pray. It leaves each member to decide for
 ujrij or herself, his or her fitness to sing or
 speak in our meetings. We therefore thought 1
 and said at the time, to some one near us, 1
 that we regretted the course pursued by our
 friend Phillips, and thought it would have j
 been far better to have left each member
 the .meeting to draw what inference he pleased
 from the presence and songs of the Hutchio-j
 sons. We are free to say, however, that j
 our inference was substantially the same as I
 that of Mr. Phillips. We took their songs j
 as an evidence of their having ceased from j
 doing pro-slavery evil, and a resolve to demote j
 their powers to the cause of the slave. We I
 may also add, that we believe so still; we
 cannot but believe it, when two of their num-j
 her, within the last ten days, assured us per-!
 sonally that such was the case. How could
 it be otherwise 1 The attempt of the Pioneer, 1
 and the Chronotype to make the reverse
 appear, cannot but do that family great
 injury, and stamp them as popularity-seeking
 knaves, rather than high-minded, honest, asd
 devoted friends of the slave. If the view we
 now take of this matter be not in accordance
 with the views of the Hutchinson family, we
 hope they will do themselves and the public
 the justice of defining their own position, and
 not leave it to Mr. Clapp or any one else to
 do it for them.
Eastern Tour.
 One of the most interesting visits which it
 was our happiness to make during our recent
 eastern torn, was to the house and home, or
 the houses and homes of the Hutchinson
 family in Milford, N. H. While in New
 York, during the Anniversary week, we had
 been invited by the family to make an Anti-
 Slayery visit to their mountain home,”
 with a view to stirring up the good people in
 that region to their duties in respect to
 slavery. We consented, and dropped a line
 to them, stating that we should be with them
 on Saturday night, and would lecture as
 many times during Sunday, 28th May, as to
 them might seem best. Accordingly, on
 Saturday, having the good fortune to meet
 with our good Anti-Slavery friend Loring
 Moody in Lynn, we proceeded to Milford.
 On arriving at the village, we scarcely knew
 the place, such has been the rapidity of its
 growth and improvement within the last four
 years.
 The Ilutchinsons are about a mile and a
 half from the village, on the border of a most
 beautiful valley,ten or fifteen miles in length,
 and six or eight in width, surrounded by
 verdant hills, forming just a nest of beauty
 suited to such birds of melody. We found
 Asa hoeing, Judson building a stone fpnce,
 and John ploughing. To us this vyus one of
 the most interesting sights which wo have
 seen in a long time. Here were a pompnny
 of the most popular vocalists in this country,
 yhose songs despite the unwelcome truths
 which they frequently contain, never fail to
 draw a crowd of delighted listeners; whose
 music is itself a fortune —to see such per
 sons, possessing such powers, instead of
 being out constantly seeking sordid gold,
 which they have only to seek, in order to
 find, deliberately working away on their
 farms, \yrapt in the sweet associations of their
 own mountain home, earning probably with
 their hard toil, about a dollar per day, and
 content with that; when,, by sinking them
 selves to mere singers, and getting some city
 notions about work, they might gain hun
 dreds, is a most rare and interesting sight.
 It was no make-believe this work. Their
 hands were hard with toil; we felt them in
 the hearty shake of friendship which they
gave ns. They ceased from their various:
 labors only long enough to give us welcome,;
 and then to work they went again. It was
 just the treatment which put, us fully at ease
 at their home, for it showed them to be men
 intent on the happiness that waits on industry.
 Mr. Moody and ourself held four meetings
 in Milford on Sunday—one at ten o'clock;
 again at half-past one another at four, and j
 another at seven in the evening all of which j
 were very well attended. They were realj
 old-fashioned Anti-Slavery meetings, full of
 life and spirit. In addition to our humble
 advocacy, the Hutchinson family and another
 interesting family of sweet singers, known
 as the Dunbar family of the same place, lent
 the aid of their inspiring music. We shall
 not soon forget those meetings, nor the de
 voted friends of the cause who did so much
 to make our meetings successful. It was a
 Sabbath day’s journey toward the heaven of
 peace on earth, and good will toward men.
Cincinnati, May 20, 1848.
 Dear Douglass Since my last, T have
 held meetings in this city in Harrison-Street
 Church, in Sixth-Street Methodist Church, in
 Union Baptist Church, Baker street. Ad-;
 dressed the Sons of Temperance in Sixth-j
 Street Methodist Church on Sabbath evening
 last. Delivered an address in Bakei-Street
 j Church, before the members and trustees ofj
 the Colored Orphan Asylum, on which occa-:
 j casion a handsome collection of upwards of
 sixty dollars was taken up for the support of.
 j the Institution. On Wednesday evening lec
 tured in Baker-Street Church on Thursday
 1 evening, addressed the United Daughters,’'
 1 a society having for its object the liquidation
 1 of claims against the A. M. E. Church. Du
 ring the intervals, I have been engaged solicit
 i ing subscribers to the North Star.
 i
 I stated, in my last, the number of colored
 residents in this city to be about 5,000, among
 whom there is a great deal of real wealth. 1
 consider the colored inhabitants of this place,
 I so far as real estate is concerned, to be in as
 1 comfortable a condition as any place I have
 yet visited, either East or West. I speak
 intelligently and knowingly when I say there
 1 is a great deal of real estate possessed by col
 ored people here. I had not the least idea of
 it until I investigated. Among the real es-j
 I tate holders in the city, many possess most
 •j oxctdlent farms, and large tracts of land, in
 different counties, several of whom I know, j
 who possess from one to eleven hundred acres 1
 |of land each. With the wealth possessed by j
 j the colored citizens here, great tilings might
 i be effected, if properly applied.
 There are various mechanics among the
 colored people, some of w hom are doing fine
 j business. Among them I perceive extensive
 smithing establishments, many carpenters,
 shoe-makers, bricklayers, plasterers, and, in
 deed, most of the mechanical trades, amply
 demonstrating our capacity to take care of our
 i selves. There are among the respectable me-;
 chanics, none who stand more conspicuously
 j than Henry Boyd, frequently spoken of, and
 whose name is widely known among abolition-j
 I ists. His establishment is on the corner of,
 I Sycamore and Eighth streets, and is quite an I
 j extensive furniture manufactory, lie gives:
 constant employment to eight or ten hands inj
 Iris established, and sells off his furniture as
 fast as they can make it. Bedsteads are the
 staple article, and these rate in prise from
 'sß to $1,25. 1 saw in his furniture rooms j
 some of the finest articles. Mr. Boyd, a few;
 years ago, as you have noticed, was a slave;j
 and now is not only able to take care of him-
 self, but give constant employment to some;
 five or six white men, (as well as. a number ofj
 colored, there being both employed.) thereby;
 enabling the.i&gt; (the white men) to “take carej
 of themselves.” Mr. Boyd, 1 believe, takes;
 no active part among the colored people,
 This I regret, as he might be very useful. He
 is a subscriber to the North Star.
 There is one colored gentleman who keeps
 a fine confectionary and public saloon sev
 eral who keep smaller saloons and places ofj
 entertainment; several groceries of respecta-j
 ble dimensions; and many who sell and;
 trade in market. This is what I desire to
 see—our people coming out of the old em
 ployments of domestic servitude and menial j
 occupations. This must be done if we ex-j
 pcct ever to he elevated to an equality with j
 the dominant class.
 Of societies, there are some six, among
 which tlie “United Colored American”
 stands foremost, now numbering some three j
 hundred members. It lias several branches,
 and a grand head, all of which aic located in
 Cincinnati.
 There are five or six churches among the
 colored.people, some of which are of the in
 dependent denomination, and some are in
 connection with the white church govern-j
 ments. Of these, the Baker-Street Baptist;
 Church, and New Street Methodist Church,
 stand so connected, the former having its own
 pastor, who is a colored man, the congrcga-j
 tion possessing full ownership in the property,]
 while the latter has a white pastor, and the!
 church, if I mistake not, belongs to the white 1
 Methodist Conference, There are also sev
 eral Sabbath-schools; one, I believe, attaches
 to each of the churches, ar.d I can bear testi-1 v
 mony to the excellence of the one belonging
 to the Free Wesleyan Church, Harrison st,
 This school 1 found very interesting.
 There is a fine school taught here by Mrs.
 Eleanof Thomas, (formerly Miss Henderson,)
 a young lady of acquired accomplishments, aj
 student of Oberlin. Mrs. Thomas lias some'
 50 or more pupils in hey school, all colored, of
 course, and as she is herself of the proscribed
 race, does credit to it as a literary teacher.
 The High School, formerly under the
 charge of Rev. Hiram Gilmore, I did not find
 in the condition I expected, Aside from the
 location and arrangement of buildings, I was
 disappointed in many respects, The principal
 school-room is above the True Wesleyan
 Church, a fine building of medium size, on
 Harrison street, entrance from the back yard, j
 For the purpose of making room, an adjacent!
 back building has been erected, but these, asj
 well as the main apartment, have its accessby
 a flight of high stairways from the yard,which
 reduces the story; to a mere loft comparatively.
 I should have no objection to this arrange
 ment, had it been the result of necessity but
 knowing, as I do, that it was selected as a
 matter of choice, and that, too, in the neigh
 borhood of so many pyeferable spots that
 might have been obtained, as the purchasers j
 had ample means, I cannot but give my dis
 approbation to the selection of the place, as
 not at all being such as would have been 1
made by any person who bad in charge a
 High School for white children, instead o
 colored. The location is an out-of-the-way,
 back-ground place, and appears as though it
 were chosen to hide the pupils from public
 view. If it be argued that there would have
 been a difficulty in obtaining a more eigible
 spot for such 'a purpose, I answer, that the
 success would have been as probable as that
 i of the colored Orphan Asylum, in a fine
 I central part of the city, and many of the col
 f ored churches.
 j The former pupils of the Cincinnati High*
 r j School are not what I expected to find them,
 i I here most cheerfully, almit that there has
 t been some progress on the part of many, sev-.
 1 eral ltttle misses having learned music—am
 excellent accomplishment; and two or three
 i youths, on whom particular pains has beem
 xj taken, qualified to some extent in the useful
 f branches of a business- education but the
 most of them have learned comparatively
 nothing. Instead of a substantial qualifica"
 cation, such as I expected to find in these
 3 pupils, a respectable knowledge of the ele
 t ments of science generally, sorry am I to say
 it, that the most of those that I have seen and
 j examined, know but little about those branches
 I of education.
 Composition, or the correct construction ofi
 sentences, appears to he foreign to the former
 pupils of this High School. Many of them
 now, after having finished” their educa
 cation, as it is termed by many, when putting
 their hand to paper, write as though there
 was no such letter as a capital I. This I
 much regret, and it-would appear as though
 the greater part of the time of the pupils-
 J was spent in preparing for exhibitions, which,
 of course make great displays of seeming
 qualification, whether or not there be any—
 thing real. lam borne out in this opinion by
 j the display of music on the part of many of
 r the little misses, the whole of whom
 1 play the same pieces, and when done with
 these, go no farther. Besides, the parents
 s of several of them quaintly observed, that
 x their daughters were rather indifferent about
 c music, although they had great talents for it,
 (and certain, I can say they have in reality,
 but the secret of tho matter was, that these,
 f misses had been taught for the purpose of ex-*
 hibiting in the school, and so soon as they hav.q.
 J done with their exhibition excises, all i^
 j done in the main.
 1 expect here to meet a rebut on the part of
 the friends of the school, but cannot help it.—
 My mission is to assist in the elevation of the
 oppressed and downtrodden of our land, in
 order faithfully to do which we must speak
 the truth and expose error, and this I shall,
 do, though the heavens fall,”
 I wish it not to he thought that I would!
 not award to Mr. Gilmore what is due him
 far be it from me, and I disclaim all or any
 such intention. I thank Mr. Gilmore, most
 heartily thank him, for the motives which?
 prompted him, but really think that he fell far
 short of attaining the object of his project, or--
 even adopting the proper method for his at-.-
 j tainmer.t. tn the estimation of Cincinnatians*
 j generally, it was a very good colored school;
 viewing it in the light of a colored school, it
 probably &gt;'as veiygood, not having it in my
 power to determine what qualifies a colored'
 school; but one thing I do know—it was very
 far from being a good school.
 Mary K. Miles, the accomplished young
 lady who was induced to leave the East by
 j Mr. Gihnoie, and come West to assist him,
 did not get an opportunity to make herself*
 useful, Mr, Gilmore having withdrawn from,
 the school shortly after her arrival, it falling*
 into the hands of ether principals. Miss Miles,
 did not understand in coming to the West,,
 that she was to hold an inferior position in the
 female departments, but the arrangements ap
 pear to have been made, and she had but to,
 leave her situation or act as a mere monitor
 She is a noble gial—a faithful friend of the
 slave, and nobly has- she sustained her posi
 tion. v
 The High School! at present numbers fifty
 pupils, and is under- tile- charge of Dr. Child!
 j and lady, assisted by. tiieir daughter. I am.
 in hopes they may tench, their children some
 thing more substantial anefiuseful than mere
 j exhibition displays* They are very fine peo—
 pie, and no doubt will do their duty. There
 is another school here,, taught.by Rev. Mr..
 j Clemens, pastor of the True Wesleyan Chapel,,
 a very amiable gentleman. This is said to be
 in a prosperous condition..
 I would call special attention to the Colored.
 Orphan Asylum of this city. This is an in—
 slitution got up through, the industry of the
 colored ladies and gea-tleEaen,,in 1845, for the!
 use ar.d protection of ’orphans rejected from,
 participation in the State institution of similar,-
 character. The ground ancLbuikling cost con
 siderable, and much expense was. incurred in.
 repairing and fitting it up. There are now four+-
 teen of these little creatures,, thrown by
 chance upon the cold charities of, the world,,
 are able to find a good and cwmfoirt&amp;bH* blame;.
 The present matron is Mrs-. Bowler, the
 relict of a brother to the Mr. Bowler, who is
 at present, I believe a prominent, citizen of,'
 Port-au-Prince, Hayti.
 Although the institution is not in every pary.
 ticular complete, yet it is well kept, neat and|
 clean, and vigorous efforts are now being
 made to establish a school department, book,
 department, and in every other respect, make
 it what it should be. The white citizens of
 the place have been very liberally disposed,
 toward the Asylum, and it has recently en
 gaged Rev. W. P. Newman, a qualified and
 talented gentleman, to act as Travelling Ft-,
 nancjal Agent, who has recently returned
 j front a tour, apd reported very favorably. A
 donation occasionally fiom abroad maybe the
 means of providing a home for some forlorn,
 motherless child, and I ask through this me
 dium, the friends of humanity at a distance to
 remember the Colored Orphan Asylum of
 1 Cincinnati, This claims upon
 i the State, and it is a burning shame that the
 Legislature does not make an appropriation
 j annually for its support,
 The colored citizens of Cincinnati have a
 fine cemetery, which was consecrated with
 ceremony by Rev. Samuel Lewis, on the Bth
 inst’. I was to have spoken also on the occa
 sion, but by some mishap, did not arrive in
 time, but like the foolish virgins, found tho
 “doors closed” when I arrived; or in other,
 words, the ceremony over, and the people
 coming away. This truly is a lovely spot,
 I two and a»half miles from the city, on a beau
 tiful Macadamised road, leading North. If
 j was purchased by a company of gentlemen of
 the United Colored American Association,
