laid off in several hundred family lots, with a
 reserved tract for promiscuous interments.
 This is a most praiseworthy undertaking on
 the part of the colored citizens and how
 shameful the necessity of a separate burial
 place for the dead America is drinking a
 double draught of infamy
 A most heart rending occurrence took
 place in Covington,- Ky., opposite this city,
 on Friday morning last, as follows A slave
 holder named Mullin, back of Covington, in!
 Grant county, sold to an infamous soul-driver,
 by the name of Rust, a man, woman and
 child, who were placed in Covington slave
 prison—for such it is in reality—for safe
 keeping, previous to his going down the
 river. By some means the parents learned
 that their darling babe, but twenty months
 old, was to have been left behind. The fran
 tic and heroic mother—God bless her !—asked
 her husband for his pocket-knife, which was
 veiy small—cut the throat of herwJhild —held
 her neck to her husband while he deliberately
 cut her throat—then—O! yes, then like a
 man and a hero, deliberately cut his own
 throat, but owing to the smallness of the
 knife, did not succeed in quite taking his own
 life. A noble woman —more deserving of
 fame than the Queen of the Amazons, or a
 Semaramis—worthy, thrice worthy to be as-]
 sociated in history with the noble wife of As- j
 drubal.' —Most noble man —a Virginias 1
 the manly and heroic deed that thou hast
 perpetrated shall live in the heart of every
 true friend of humanity and lover of liberty! j
 God grant that thy spirit may take its flight!
 to realms beyond this nation of oppressors and
 land of slaveholders, robbers of the dearest
 social ties, and ruthless despoilers of the most
 sacred family connection The names of the
 .three whose precious lives were offered us a
 sacrifice on the hallowed altar of liberty and
 virtue, shall become the theme and palicgyric
 of the poet, when those of the two infamous
 -dealers, in human flesh shall only be remem
 bered to be despised and deriderl.
 Do you call this severity l “Oppression
 maketh man mad
 I leave here on Monday morning for Rip
 ley, the residence of that faithful philantho
 pist, Rev. John Rankin, where I shall hold
 two meetings on Monday and Tuesday eve
 inings returning back again on Wednesday,!
 holding a meeting here on that evening, which i
 I expect to be my last after which, I shall
 pursue my course in a Northern direction j
 through the State, visiting the best places in j
 my route.
 Yours, for God and Humanity,
 M. R. D.
Political Creeds and Parties.
 We Abolitionists, who are but onlookers at
 the political strife and party jars, which are
 now about to come to a crisis, can afford to
 laugh at, aud sometimes even to pity the
 grotesque and singular performances which
 are every now and then got up by the diff'er
 ent political parties, for the gratification of
 the public. The election of a President is a
 serious matter, or ought to be a serious mat
 ter but after all, it is ridiculous enough, i
 There is very little choice between Cass, and;
 Clay, and Taylor they are all three the easy i
 tools of the Southern oligarchy. Yet, what
 a fuss is made about the election of this or
 that man, who is supposed to be the avail
 able candidate of the Whig or tho Demo
 crat Vote the ticket! “Stand by your
 party!”—“No disunion!” are the cries
 that we hear on all hands. And how little,
 in the midst of all this sound, and fury, and
 hubbub, does the innocent adherent of these
 parties know what is his own political creed
 The party is the only thing that is in his
 mind. He must go with his party, and vote
 for the candidate appointed by his party.
 To think or act for himself is entirely out of
 the question. Everything must be under
 stood at second hand, believed at second hand,
 and done at second hand. The pious Roman
 Catholic is asked the question, What do
 you believe?” To which he answers, —“I
 believe what the church believes.” What
 does the Church helieve?” “The Church
 believes what I helieve.” “And what do
 you botli believe?” Oh,” says he, in the j
 genuine spirit of unreasoning adherence, we j
 both believe the same thing,” Probably)
 nine-tenths of our patriotic party men, if
 asked their political creed, would give a
 not more explicit, satisfactory, or rational
 answer. We are a glorious nation—free in
 thought, free in action —a model republic!
 Alackaday !—j. d.
Communications.
American Slavery—lts Effects upon
 Universal Liberty.
 Go, let us ask of Constantine
 To loose his grasp on Poland’s throat,
 And beg the lord of Mahmoud’s line
 To spare the struggling Suliote;
 Will not the scorching uiswer come
 From turban’d Turk and scornful Russ,
 Go loose your fetter’d slaves at home,
 Thci) turn and ask the like ol us!”
 Whittier.
 When this Republic, in 1776, previous to
 convulsion that rocked two hemispheres,
 and resulted in placing her among the inde
 pendent nations of tlje earth, declared, as the
 .basis of her institutions, that all men are cre
 ated free and equal and that this truth ad
 dresses itself so plainly to t&amp;e human under
 standing, as to carry c,opvictiop of self evi
 dence, and nngels caught it up and bore 4 to the
 four quarters of the globe, bringing back on
 their pinions the admiration ot a witnessing
 worldthen it was that the oppressed and
 toiling millions, groaning beneath the iron,
 heel of tyranny looked to the young Republic
 g,s the beacon-light of nations, the sun of
 freedom that would ere long shed the genial
 rays of liberty into every cavern and refuge of
 oppression, They had hopes of the speedy
 downfall of nqonopoly, and the establsihment
 of Liipeyty, Equality, Fraternity.
 Rut how ©rushed were those hopes when
 they saw that what they regarded as the legi
 timate child of freedom, was the offspring of
 slavery and compromise that the cement of
 the Constitution of this -“model Republic”
 was the blood, and the cprner-stpne” of the
 edifice the bones of negroes that it perpetu
 ated n n institution and system of oppression,
 pne hour’s endurance of which is more than
 ages of that which its founders had dis
 solved.
 This faithlessness, or en-or of judgment on
 the pert of freedom’s champions,” strength
 ened the hands of tyrants, They would
point triumphantly and scornfully to the para
 mount system of oppression in this country,
 as an evidence of the incapacity of the people
 to frame just and equitable laws for their own
 government, and the Divine right of kings to
 govern them; and' freedom's friends were
 baffled to answer these questions, even satis
 factorily to themselves They|looked through
 the historic shades of the past —to Syracuse,
 Athens, Sparta, and to Rome, and their ca
 reer and fate seemed to support this argu
 ment. Broken-spirited and bowed, they re
 tired fiom the.contest. Russia grasped more
 closely Poland's throat, and England riveted
 tighter her pitcher-handled Union with starv
 ing, though generous and liberty-loving Ire
 land, till at last the spell was broken. The
 mariners of freedom examined more minutely
 the light by which they were sailing, and dis
 covered it to be a false light. They exhibited
 it in its true colors, until all over Christen
 dom, from Gibraltar to Lapland, from Terra
 del Fuego to Nova Zembia, might be seen
 the rebuking representation of America, so
 pathetically described by Henry Bibb, the fu
 gitive slave—the stSrs and stripes streaming
 from a lofty pole, capped by dame Liberty's
 head-dress, over which was hovering the bird
 of freedom with outstretched pinions. Upon
 this banner, in letters of gold, was the broad
 declaration, We hold these truths to be self
 evident, that all men are created free and
 equal, and endowed by their Creator with
 certain inherent and inalienable rights; among
 which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap
 piness beneath this, a Democratic Christian
 American, pointing to the above with one
 hand, whilst] with the other he wielded
 a blood-clottered lash upon a chained and
 crouching negro.
 Reader, this is not a fictitious picture. It
 is not an Algerine scene. It is a picture—a
 true picture—of the country founded by the
 Pilgrim Fathers, ar.d made free” by
 their sons in seventy-six. Americans, look
 upon it, and ask,
 Is this the land our father’s loved!
 The liberty they toiled to win!
 Is this the soil whereon they moved
 Are these the graves they slumber in!”
 Americans, are ye content to be a jack-o
 lantern, leading the host of freedom astray
 Do you reflect that you are individually and
 collectively responsible for this state of things?
 Do you remember that God is just, and that
 his justice will not sleep forever ?—that right
 eousness exaltcth a nation, and that sin is a
 ioj.reach to any people
 In the debate on Mr. Palfrey's resolution of
 privilege, Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, saiJ
 that when the slaves were fully prepared to be
 free, their master's arm will be as palsied to
 keep them down as the arms of the monarchs
 of Europe are to keep down the uprising
 millions there. Does he mean to say, that
 because the Irish and Poles have been unsuc-j
 cessful in their attemps —like the slaves at the
 South—to regain their freedom, they are un
 prepared to enjoy it Does he recommend
 his Southern brethren to hold on to their
 slaves until, goaded to desperation, they (in
 the language of G. B. Stebbins, freedom's
 dauntless champion,) with their iron nerves,
 made so by their incessant toil, seize upon
 the very thunders and wield them in the de
 struction of their delicate, lilly-fingered mas
 ters; and regaining their plundered rights,
 may speedy righteousness and restitution j
 avert the dread calamity that Mr. Stanton
 seems to contemplate so coolly.
 Oh that an overruling Providence may di
 rect their minds to the advice of the liberty
 poet, Whittier, for the love of humanity
 Oh rouse ye, ere the storm comes forth,
 The gathered wrath of God and man,
 As that which wasted Egypt’s earth,
 When hail and fire above it ran.
 II ear ye no warnings in the air?
 Feel ye no earthquake underneath?
 Up—up —why will ye slumber where
 The sleeper only wakes in death?
 Up now for freedom!—not in strife
 As that your sterner fathers saw—•
 The awful waste of human life,
 The glory and the guilt of war;
 But break the' chain, the yoke remove,
 And smite to earth oppression's rod,
 With those mild arms of truth and love,
 Made mighty through the living God!
 Down let the shrine of Moloch sink,
 And leave no ti'aces where it stood
 Nor longer let its idol drink
 His daily cup of human blood j
 But rear another altar there,
 To truth, and love, and mercy given,
 And freedom’s gift, and freedom’s prayer,
 Shall call an answer down from heaven.”
 Brooklyn, June 1, 1848. .T. C. H.
Haytian Correspondence.--No. 11.
 Friends Douglass Delany More
 than three weeks have winged themselves
 away, with lightning-like rapidity, since I
 last wrote to you and although no obtruding
 business cares have prevented me, I have not,
 until now, found sufficient leizure time to re
 sume my pen. In truth, 1 have scarcely, even
 yet, been able to arouse myself from the in
 toxicating influence which my sojourn in this
 Isle of the south has thrown around me.—
 You are not to infer from thence that Port
 au-Princc is a model of beauty and magnifi
 cence, affording, with its glittering domes and
 lofty minarets, a realization of the bright pic
 tarings of oriental fiction. Far from it.—
 When launching out upon the Atlantic, 1
 left the princely city of New York behind
 me, and found myself upon the broad waters,
 out of sight of my native land,
 Caelum untlique, et undique poutus,”
 I had looked my last upon cloud-capped tow
 ers and gorgeous palaces. True, there is a
 pleasurable something in a view of Port-au-
 Pripcej situated, as it is, in the bosom of its
 ampiiheatre of Rills, with its long and regu
 lar streets gradually rising in almost terrace
 like gradations from the harbor to its eastern
 extremity. And it is also indebted for a por
 tion of the favor with which a stranger re
 gards it, to the sense of novelty which he
 experiences while gazing upon houses with
 roofs abruptly rising to a peak, and long gal
 leries oygrrhanging the side-walks. I3ut we
 would search our bosoms in vain for that
 feeling of awe and admiration which a con
 templation of the old-world capitals is said to
 awaken, by the combination of pilaster, and
 shaft, and architrave in their architectural ma
 gic—a magic to which many of the cities in
 our own republic can pretend and although
 there are quite a number of fine buildings in
 this Island Metropolis, still, they only seem to
 bring into bolder relief the saddening desola
 tion which the ravages of time and fire have
 produced. Yet, amidst it all, there still
breathes a spirit of former magnificence; and)
 in the variously designed fountains, terraced;
 promenades and public squares, neglected, we
 read the evidences of an earlier and a brighter'
 beauty. But if art and its achievements have
 been suffered to languish into decay, and re
 flect back no longer the borrowed light of
 genius, nature, that requires no foreign aid,
 j still revels here in untrammeled splendor and
 j in the contemplation of its creation-dated ex-
 I cellence, we forget to sigh over the perishable
 results of human effort.
 Well, indeed, does this lovely spot deserve
 the appellation of its aboriginal inhabitants—
 Ilayti—the Hilly and Well-Wooded Land
 and right wisely have those into whose hands
 it has fallen, restored to it the name bestowed
 by its earlier possessors. As it was in the
 j time when the smoke of its fishing-huts greet-j
 j ed the eyes of the world-discoverer, so is it j
 now—the same reinvigorating influence in its!
 air, the same bright smile curling, upon its!
 waters, and in its forest-glades, the same de
 lightful commingling of music, beauty, and
 perfume, that prompted the wild fancy of the
 followers of Columbus to imagine an El Do-)
 rado of wealth and immortality in the distant j
 savannahs of the Floridas, or upon the coasts
 of the Spanish main still,
 The waves dash gaily on thy shore,
 Fair Island of the Southern Sea!
 As bright in beauty as when, of yore,
 It blossomed a welcome to the brave Genoese,
 Mho had left his dear home o'er.a stormy main,
 To bring a new world ’neatli his monarch’s reign;
 To reap the rewards of a monarch’s breath,
 Honors and.praise, disgrace and death.
 Basking in beauty, it doth seem
 Like the bright picturings of a dream,
 Which marks some snfiling infant’s sleep,
 Ere it hath bitter cause to weep
 O’er all the sorrowings and ills,
 The guilty woes, the deeds of orimo,
 With which man’s wayward folly fills
 His life, e’en in its earliest time;—
 As when the Grecian artist wrought
 Upon a master-piece of art,
 To form his ideal beauty, sought,
 From various shapes, each lovely part,
 And blent them in one glorious whole,
 To charm the eye, transfix the soul,
 And hold it in enraptured fires:
 So seem the glad waves to have sought
 From every place its richest treasure,
 And bound it to this blessed spot,
 To found hereon a home of pleasure—
 A home where balmy airs might float
 Through spicy bower and orange grove,
 Where bright-winged birds might tune the note
 Which tells of pure and constant love;
 Where the earthquake might nurse into slumber
 its force,
 And the hurricane cease from its wrathful course;
 V,'!:?: thy wave-nymph and dryad might find them
 a home,
 And the foot of the spoiler might never come.
 lii fact, too much can scarcely be said with
 regard to the beauty and fertility of this coun
 try and the salubrity of its clime, varying, asj
 you mount from the plains to its mountain-!
 peaks, from the genial warmth of the tropics j
 to the refreshing coolness of the Temperate
 zone. Queen of Summer here holds her
 perennial court, and scatters abroad her rich
 est treasures with a most lavish hand. Every
 plant that is calculated to administer to the
 comfort of man every flower that can add!
 'another hue to the brilliant pamre of Nature;]
 every species of fruit that can charm the eye!
 by its beauty, or gratify the palate by its!
 taste,blossoms to beauty and ripens to perfec-!
 tion in this region of eternal sunshine. Uven 1
 in the rainy season, the clouds, as if loathe to
 obscure a sky so transparently azure that the
 I eye fancies it can almost penetrate into its
 remotest recesses, or to cast a shade over a
 sun which nowhere else shines with so much
 lustre, generally gather their dark folds to-j
 gether during the night-time, and the retiring
 light of morning only shows the traces of
 their generous labors in the freshened as
 pect which the showers have imparted to every
 object.
 Nor are associations wanting to endear
 these scenes to the heart of the philanthropist.
 Every glistening hill-lop, every shaded glen,
 has witnessed the wrongs of the bondman,
 and his successful struggle with the oppressor.
 Each has its appropriate note to add to the
 anthem pealed by Bunker Hill and Lexington.
 Yet those are not wanting w'ho can gaze upon
 them and draw disparaging contrasts between
 their piesent appearance and that which they
 presented in the days of colonial servitude.—
 It is indeed to be deplored, that the brake now
 springs up too frequently where the.sugar-■
 cane should wave, and wild flowers where!
 the coffee-tree should flourish. But better
 that than the bowed body, the crushed hope)
 and the broken spirit. Rather than to look
 upon the misery, and listen to the despairing
 accents of one solitary slave, the lovers of
 their race would gladly prefer to see the
 present denizens of this Island sinking back
 into the barbarism of their fathers and, in
 lieu of the boon of civilization, hear the rude
 music of the tambour and the gumbil, as it
 marks tlnj fantastic measures of some Ashan
 tee dance. Thank Heaven there is much
 reason to be confident that they w-ill never be
 called upon to witness either occurrence In
 the liberal Constitution which Ilayti is pos
 sessed of in the Chief who has been chosen
 by her people in the confidence which is due
 from that people to the man of their selection,
 and in the reliance which is its appropriate re
 turn, lies her hope of ranking among the first
 of free, enlightened and prpsperous republics.
 In the sincere trust that all which her friends
 hope for her will be fully realized, I subscribe
 myself,
 As ever, yours, &amp;c.,
 HAROLD.
 P. S.—l had prepared this letter to send
 almost a month ago, but unfortunately I let
 the vessel slip me, and have had no opportu
 nity of forwarding it until the present. Since
 it was written, some pretty serious doings
 have place here, of which, probably,
 you may have already heard. Perhaps I
 may make them the subject of a future letter
 —that is, when I can fully determine what
 version of causes of this unfortunate affair”
 is the correct one. So far, I fear me, that
 those are only reaping the whirlwind who have
 sown the wind. H.
 Port-au-Prince, April 12, 1848..
Victor Town Board,
 The oath-bound guardians of the sacred
 rights of the people of this- town met at one
 o’clock this afternoon, to act in conformity
 to their high obligations, and giant indulg
 ences to vice and crime. After very grave,
 not to say prayerful, deliberations, these sage
 civil fathers” came to the following pious
and patriotie conclusion in reference to the
 several applicants for license to kill
 For so much gold* we license thee
 A draught to sell,
 That bows the strong, enslaves the free,
 And opens wide the gates of hell;
 For ‘public good’ requires that some,
 Since many die, should live by rum!.
 There are hearts to break, there are souls to ruin
 From the ways of peace to the paths of sin;
 There are homes to be rendered desolate;
 There is trusting love to be changed to hate;
 There are hands that murder must crimson red,
 There are hopes to crush —there is blight to be shed,!
 O’er the young, and the pure and fair,
 Till their lives are crushed by the fiend Despair! j
 This is the liquor we equip you to sell,
 Which curses the earth and peoples hell;
 Which quenchefe the light on the inner shrine
 Of the human soul divine!”
 Wm. C. Dryer, L. C. Alysnorth, A.
 Scramlm, A. Wilson and J. W. Peet, who
 constitute the Board, were present oc
 casion.
 The presiding genius and master-spirit
 among them, the man who made all the
 motions, and carried his determinations thro’
 or in other words, toioed the boat was W, C.
 D., q kind of an antediluvian rumseller. He
 said he had always lived in a tavern, had)
 been brought up by the side qf q bottle.
 thought ao. His fath e T» I believe, was a
 liquor seller before him. So he got it in the
 nat’ral way.” What’s bred in the bone
 stays long in tile flesh.” He said “he was
 a greater friend to the temperance causa than
 I was, or Esquire Peet; that if he could have
 his way about it, he would stop the making, j
 importing and retailing of liquor; that he 1
 would go for a law making it a penal offence
 to manufacture, import or use intexicating
 drinks 1 Many other nice things he said,
 only did not,”) which are recorded in the
 book of chronicles, such as calling a temper
 ance fnember of the cause (J. W. Peet)
 who would not go for license, a hypocrite,”
 &amp;c, This is the man who moved, and
 through whose influence the board granted
 license! Mr. A. hardly knew whether he
 was in the body or not,” or under what
 star” he reigned! He said he had read
 the statutes over and over forty times,,
 and yet he behanged”*if he could tell any
 thing aboyt it. He was entirely at a loss to
 know how to act. He confessed his ignor
 ance, and said he had written to more eru
 dite” heads for counsel on the subject, but
 got no light! Whether we were under the
 law of 1843, or the old law, or whether we
 were without any law on the subject, he
 could not tell. Under the old law, lie
 said he was in favor of license; under the
 law of ’43, he was opposed to any but tem
 peiance license under the law of ’45, he said
 iie was a no-license man under the present
 state of things,hedidn’t know but he should be
 obliged to go fur license, though he very much
 regretted the state of the law which might,
 impel him to that course And many otliet
 erudite” things said he, too numerous to
 mention. They may be found in the chroni
 cles. When the scribe asked him if he would
 vote license, he “kinder did and kinder
 didn’t,” and the scribe, who understood it.
 recorded his’ name fur license Mr. S. said—
 wal, lie didn’t say much of anything. I
 guess his mind was pretty much swallowed
 up” in the mind of the grand scribe. When
 he was asked by the grand worthy patriarch,
 if he voted “license,” be kinder nodded yes, i
 sir, and the scribe put down his name for
 license!
 The scribe then very delectably recorded!
 his own vote for the same groat moral and
 sublime purpose. Thus moralized and thus!
 voted three of these sworn conservators of the
 public weal
 “O judgment! thou art fled to brutish beasts,
 And men have lost their reason.”
 Thus have these men voted, and that, too. 1
 after the town has twice voted no license!
 There were two members of the board who
 exhibited some moral principle and decision
 on the occasion, who opposed the action of the
 majority, and nobly refused to vote a license
 for so vile and ruinous a business, or give
 any countenance to it, declaring that they
 would sooner resign their office than be!
 guilty of so great a wrong. They took a
 common-sense view of the subject, and acted
 with reference to the right and true. They
 considered themselves as acting under the
 law as amended in 1843, the law of ’45 only
 having been repealed; that they wore
 clothed with discretionary power; that Inns
 for the accommodation of travellers might be
 licensed as temperance houses; that taverns
 or liquor houses were not necessary, but
 were sources of corruption and crime that
 they were under oath, and bound to act for
 the public good, and could not therefore grant
 license.
 All honor to these men. Their action on
 this subject will ever be to them a source of
 satisfaction; and will secure for them the re
 spect of true men. The others will probably
 get what they wanted, and cared most for—
 the favor and the votes of liquor men, and
 those who go for party, liquor or no liquor.—
 But what then? Ah! echo answers, What
 then In the language of the Bible, “Shame
 ful spewing shall be on their glory !”—lleb.
 2d chapter. (Please read the whole chapter.)
 These men have licensed three tqverns in this
 little place, when one public house is all-suffi
 cient. They have said, under oath, that
 three liquor houses are necessary in this place!
 Who believes any such thing They have
 said, under oath, that the 'public good de
 manded three rum taverns here Who be
 lieves any such, thing? They have said, un
 der oath, that the men they have licensed to
 make drunkards, and idlers, and gamblers,
 and profane swearers, and paupers, and crimi
 nals, and widows, and orphans, are men of
 “good moral character Who believes that
 men engaged in such a work of demoraliza
 tion and death, are men of good moral char
 acter
 What constitutes a man, a good man or a
 bad man, but his deeds He that doeth the
 will of my Father in heaven, is accepted of
 him. By their fruits ye shall know them.
 “O just God! let light divine
 Break forth more broadly from above,
 Till we conform our laws to thine—
 The perfect law of truth and love.”
 Victor, May 8, 1848. G. W. C.
 Five dollars was the sum demanded.
The llutchinsons. —The Hutchinson fa
 mily, we learn, says the New York Tribune,
 are soon to visit the West—-at least they
 intend to go as far west as Buffalo and there
 about.
From the Western Citizen..
 Caste among the Sons of Temperance.
 In a recent number of the Albany Patriot,
 we find a long letter from George W. Clarke,
 the distinguished anti-slavery vocalist, in
 which he brings to light an important fact
 relative to the Sons of Temperance. It ap
 pears that in 1844 Mr. Clark was invited to
 talk and sing on the subject of temperance at
 a Division of the Sons” in the city of New
 i T ork; and being anxious to promote the good
 cause, he accepted the invitation. In con
 sideration of his services, he was elected an
 honorary member, and afterwards a regular
 benefit member, thus giving him a good op-1
 portunity to become acquainted with the char- 1
 acter and influence of the organization. But;
 his impression seems not to have been at all j
 favorable; and he has therefore made a public!
 declaration of his unwillingness to co-operate;
 with them. One reason for this course is his!
 conviction that the order is founded upon,
 the unchristian principle of caste —of preju-J
 dice against color-—and will not admit colored j
 persons.” g\.s this, position has often been j
 denied, fie takes considerable trouble to esta-j
 blish it by extracts from reports and letters.— i
 Up shews that Samuel R. Ward, a well-j
 known qqcj highly-respected colored minister,
 and editor of ah anti-slavery paper, united
 with a lodge of the Sons of Temperance in
 Cortlandville, N. Y. When information of;
 the fact reached the Grand Worthy Patri
 arch in New York, he immediately suspended
 the deputy of that district, and sent a special
 deputy to inquire into the matter, who took
 from the division its books, papers, docu
 ments, &amp;c., and, as one his reasons for doing
 so, says they had actually initiated a colored
 man!”—an act strictly prohibited by a reso- i
 tion of the Grand Division.” In view of'
 these facts, Mr. Clarke concludes his article j
 by saying
 “I was aware that the colored people of
 this country had been silly enough to send to
 England for a charter to organize themselves
 into Odd Follows”—having been refused a
 charter by tlieii countrymen in the United
 States. But I was not aware that, after hav
 ing excluded colored persons from the privi
 lege of membership in the subordinate di
 visions, the Grand Division” had actually
 denied them the'right of organizing Divisions
 among themselves Slaveholders, oppress
 ors of men, unjust and cruel, arc received
 with open arms. But a man with sable
 brow,” however talented, just and pure in
 life, is rejected Verily, one looks in vain
 for a semblance of Christianity here. Alas
 for the poor colored man He is excluded
 from the State—he is excluded from steam
 boat cabins and dining tables —he is excluded
 from the schools and colleges—he is excluded
 from the churches, unless he submits to the
 degradation qf the infamous negro pew
 He may, however, if he can, build his own
 church, his own school but the Sana.,’ pro
 fessedly a benevolent institution, yield to the
 wicked prejudice against color, and descend a
 step lower, not only refusing him the negro
 pew’ in their temperance church, but deny
 ing him the poor privilege of having one by
 himself. 0 tempera, O mores!’
Rev. Mr. Slicer.
 Correspondence of the Boston Atla
 Washington, May 9th.
 It is an abiding disgrace to the nation, that
 such a man should be allowed to retain the
 place he holds. The only effect of such a
 religious teacher is to dishonor and to disgrace
 religion itself. The truth of this has long
 been felt and-acknowledged here by men of
 all parties. So strong’is this feeling that the
 committee of the House, who had the ar
 .angement of the funeral services of Mr. Ad
 ans, refused to permit Mr. Sheer to have any
 part whatever in those services. This was a
 signal and most significant expression of their
 estimation of the man, and although the Re
 verend rejected expressed much indignation at
 being thus excluded, there was rejoicing
 among all parties, when they heard of it. So
 much is he despised by those around whom he
 lawns and plays the toady.
 Some tune since, there was some talk of
 making a move for the abolition of slavery in'
 tho District of Columbia. Mr. Slicer came
 forward with a paper, to which lie solicited
 signatures, praying for the continuance of
 that blessing! It chanced to fall from his
 pocket, and was picked up by some of the
 colored citizens of Washington, who kept
 it in grateful remembrance of Mr. Slicer,
 whose name, if I am not mistaken, headed the
 list..
 About that time, the pulpit of the colored
 Methodist Church in this city was vacant; and
 was supplied, in turn, by the ministers of the
 several churches in the neighborhood. When
 it came to U.e turn of brother Slicer, the
 members of the Church, both bond and free,
 bearing in remembrance the interest Air. S.
 had shown in their allairs, determined that
 one holding such views of them as chattels, i
 not men, should .ot enter their pulpit. lie
 was accordingly met in the aisle by a strong
 delegation of gentlemen of color, who very
 civilly, but most distinctly, gave him to un
 derstand that he could not be permitted to
 preach to them. At first, Mr. S. was disposed
 to take airs upon himself, and claimed the
 right to preach to them, whether they
 wanted him or no. But he soon found they
 not only had a better appreciation of his fit
 ness for the ministry than the U. S. Senate;
 hut were determined to act up to their views,
 and accordingly he made good his retreat and
 stalked out of the church, without waiting for
 their ungrateful hands to put him out.
 Yours, tiuly, QUINTEN.
E. S. Hamlin, the editor of the Cleveland
 True Democrat, is now at Washington City,
 enriching his paper daily with the carryings
 on” about the Federal City. He ’bays he
 stood at the door of the Capitol, before" him
 stood a crowd listening to a fervid oration on
 the French Revolution, the band strike up the
 glorious Marseillais
 O Liberty can man resign thee 1
 Once having felt’the gen’ruus llaine?
 Can dungeons,bolts and bars confine thee,
 Or whips thy noble spirit tame
 Hush” says he, I hear a voice of wail
 ing, I turn, and my eye falls upon a circle of
 high walls from which comes that note of woe.
 There, within its hated piecincts, a babe torn
 from its mother's arms has just been sold to a
 stranger from Georgia, and the mother has
 just been bid off by another stranger, and is
 J bid to depart for the sugar plantations of Lou
 isiana. When she took the last lingering
 look of that baby, she uttered that wail of woe. i
 Hark, again 0, it is nothing but the lash j
 applied to that mother's back, as she is bid to
 hush her screams! She lifts her eyes to
 heaven and longs for the angel of death to take
 her from this world of suffering. I hear the
 clinking of chains. Yonder go forty men
 bound together and driven from the jail of the
 People of the United States to the railroad
 depot —some with grey hairs, some with vigor
 of manhood, and some in the activity of youth
 —all of them bowed down in spirit, and cast
 ing their eyes for tho last time, upon the scenes
 of their childhood and as they pass along,
 nodding a last farewell to the mother that bore
 them, and the kindred who are dear to them,
 j And what is their crime that they should be
 banished from country and kindred? Have
 they shed human blood? Have they laid
 prostrate their oppressors? Like the emanci
 pated Frenchmen, have they overturned the
 government of the country where they Jived?
 No, no. All they have done is to make a peacea
 ble effort to escape from oppression. Behind
 them followed many weeping women and
 children. Among their number are three sis
 ters almost white. They are young and of
 elegant form. They are members of the
 church of Christ, and would keep God’s com
 mandments. Their friends have striven hard
 to save them, but in vain. Their value is es
 timated too highly to be met by any of their
 friends here. A young unmarried gentleman
 from the South has just offered one
 dollar's for one of them 1”
We have been reproached for putting too
 much abolitionism in our columns.. But how
 can we help it; can we read such as the above
 and coolly and calmly pass it by wit hout thought
 or feeling? How it is with others we do not
 profess to know,but for ourselves we have no
 pulse which heats in respondence to the infer
 nal, Heaven defying system of Slave dealing
 which prevails at Washington city; it is a
 burning disgrace to the people of the North,
 that they not only permit its existence but ab
 solutely pay the board hills of Hope 11. SI tit
 ters unruly Slaves, in the prison built with
 the money drawn from the treasury ot the
 United States.: Pittsburg JOaily Dispatch.
Address Qf Anti-Slavery Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the AntkSlavery women of Rochester feel
 constructed to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We ate frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 is their labor wrested from them unremunera
 ted not only do they suffer from intense hun
 ger and cold not only are the females, our
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers hut there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery It would ha unreasonable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.” Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “Ail
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by tho forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it toone of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 nqonitions of conscience—all who are deter- j
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per-;
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pto
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our land and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a light to the i
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid Of men and
 of women ;we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to d'evote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object, we propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but iu convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallo well, do.
 Mart 11. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Piiebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 llulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braitiiwaite, ’do.
 Sarah F. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Steebins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan 11. Doty,] Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintoce, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
MARRIED
On the 30th tilt., by the Rev. Mr. Beckwith, of
 Albion, Mr. Nelson Bostwick, of this city, to
 Miss Malvina A. Treadwell, of the former
 place.
I) l E I).
On Thursday evening, May 25th, Mr. llaLson
 Vashon, of Pittsburg, aged 44.
o m in c r c t a 1.
Rochester, June 8, 1848.
 There has been no change to notice for a week
 past in the prices of W heat and Flour in this mark
 et. Considerable western wheat lias come in, and
 has been soiling at 93 to 96c tp bushel. Genesee
 continues to be in good demand. It sells by the
 load at about 1 22. Large parcels prime quality
 are taken at §1 23.
 We hear of no sales of Genesee Flour. It is
 nominal at $5 50-
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 cad val
 Flour, bbl 525 575
 Corn meal, (p bush 06
 PROVISIONS —Duty; Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 (f c; Cheese 30 cad val
 Pork, fines*) &lt;@lo 50
 Do. in hog 500 525
 Beef, cwt. 4 50 500
 Do. bbl. (mess) 7 01) 800
 Lard (tried) flb &lt;S&gt; 8
 Do, (leaf,) rd) 6
 Mams, (smoked) 7 (S&gt; 8
 Shoulders, do, 5 (3) 6
 Turkeys If lb 8
 Chickens 8
 Potatoes, bush 62
 GRAIN—Duty 20 (f c ad val
 Wheat, bush 1 22
 Corn 40 (8) 44
 Rye 00
 Oats S 7 40
 Barley 56
 HIDES—Duty; 5 (f c ad val
 Slaughter 4
 Calf 9
 Sheep Pelts 75 1 00
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 )f c; Mustard 20
 c ad val
 Clover 4 75
 Timothy 125 (3&gt; 250
 Flax 1 12
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 tf e ad val
 Whitefeh bbl 7 75
 Codfish cwt 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, )f bbl 1 2Ji
 Apples, bush .83
 Do. dried 5 6 68
 Eggs, doz
 Beans, bush 87 100
 Hay, y ton .1000t© 12 50
 Hard wood 3 00 (W 3 SO
 Sort wood 2 50
AiiccrfisentfitiS.
JOB PRINTING
 HPHE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 1 win new J b Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash,, viz}
 Band-bills, Blanks* Bilt-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bill's of Lading*
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 TT7IIX BE. READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 VY Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketch of
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also,. Garnet’s Address io the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States.. This address, was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at- Buffalo in 1843. Ihe edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to,
 send in their orders earlv,
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture, entitled The
 Past and Present Condition of the Color
 ed Race, by Hairy Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, A. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Sm,
 Open to the Public, from 9, A.AT. to 8 P.M.
 HHIIE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE and READ,
 1 IN G ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Auti-Slaverv, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political and Literary Papers,
 \TARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 IC ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 NOTICE.
 r PHE Copartnership ’heretofore existing between
 X CLARK DUNCOMBE, was mutually dis
 solved on the Ist of April, 184&amp;,
 A. CLARK,
 C. H. DUNCOMBE,
 Rochester,. June 2, 1848.
 DR.- CLARK, still continues at No, 89 Smith’s
 Arcade, Buffalo Street, Dr, Clark w-ould in
 form the citizens of Rectiester and surrounding coun
 try, that he keeps a good assortment of Thomsonian
 and other Botanic Medicines, neatly put lip with di
 rections for family use also for sale Dr Thomson’s
 New Materia Medica. ’Phis valuable woik should
 be owned bv every practitioner and family in the
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, 18-18. tf.
 BOOKS, &amp;c.. For Sale at the Anti-Slavery
 Office Reading Room, No. 26 Buffalo,
 st., Second Story opposite the Arcade:,
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass,
 Jonathan Walker,
 Portrait f*
 Spooner on Uno.mstituti Quality of Slavery,
 W. Phillips reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty,
 Slavery illustrated by its effect on Woman,
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and useful articles;
 made by the Ladies’Anti-Slavery Society,
A a vj in the Press
 A TRIBUTE FOR TIIE NEGRO,
 BEING A VINDICATION OF THE MORAL, INTEL
 LECTUAL AND RELIGIOUS CAPABILITIES OF
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND,
 With particular reference to the African race,
 Illustrated by numerous authentic facts, Biographioal
 Sketches, Testimonies of Travellers, See.
 The motives which have actuated the author in
 preparing the above-mentioned work, arc solely a
 desire to interest and enlighten the public inind, on
 a subject intimately connected with the happiness or
 misery of a large portion of the human family; and
 by a relation of facts and testimonies, which bo
 assertions can annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in the minds of many, respecting the
 African race-
 It is an important question whether the Negro is
 constitutionally, and therefore irremediably inferior
 to th? white man, in the powers of the mind. Much
 of the future welfare of the human'race depends on
 the answer which experience and facts will furnish
 to this question; for it concerns not only the vast
 population of Africa, but many millions of the Negro
 race,who are located elsewhere,and the whites who
 are becoming mixed w ith the black race, in countries
 where Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 w ithin a recent period. Many persons have ventur
 ed upon peremptory decisions on both sides of the
 question; but the majority appear to be still unsa tis
 fieri as to the real capabilities of the Negro race-
 Their present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident to be disputed;
 but it must be borne in rqjnd that they are not in
 fit condition for a fair comparison to be drawn be?
 tween the two. Their present degraded state may
 be easily accounted for by the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes have lived, both in their ow n country
 and abroad. If a single instance can be adduced of
 an individual of the African raee exhibiting a genius
 which would ho considered eminent in civilized Euro
 pean society, we have a proof that there is no incom
 patibility between Negro organization and high in
 tellectual power. But it is not on© alone, but many
 remarkable cases of this description that are brought
 forward in the present volume, which includes up
 wards of 150 Biographical sketches of Africans or their
 descendants, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, See., the whole
 forming a complete “Tribute for the Negro,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving them to be endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on w hich is a daring usurpation of die
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 The work will be rendered additionally interesting
 by AN APPROPRIATE INTRODUCTORY POEM,
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bernard
 Barton. It w ill also be enriched by the addition
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the House of Commons. The
 Africans are’giving evidence, Dr. Phillip is seated,
 in the foreground, and James Read, sen, and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, tho
 latter acting as interpreter, The volume will also con
 tain portraits of
 Cinque, the Chief of Amiatad Captives.”
 Jan Tzatzof,, Christian Chief of the Amakosoe
 Tribe, South Africa.
 J. W. C. Pf.nington, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass, the fugitive slave.
 Olaudah Equiano, orGusTAVUS Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Artists. Also a fac
 simile of the writing of Toussaint L’Ouyef.-
 TURE, the Black Chief of Hayti.
 'fiio work will be.printed in tho best type, on fine
 paper, and consist of about 500 pages Bvo., beautiful
 ly bound in cloth, with an appropriate device, form
 ing an elegant volume for the drawing-room table,
 All profits arising from its sale will be devoted to
 the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to subset
 ers $3; to non-subscribers f'4; individuals, desire;
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending ifipir or
 ders to Wilson Armistead, Leeds; or to the
 North Star Office.
AT7TIEREAS, Wait Hedges and Eleanor
 t Hedges, his wife, of the City of Rochester,
 on the fourteenth day of July, in the year of our
 Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-five,
 Mortgaged to Gerkit Smith, of Peterboro, Madi
 son County, for securing to him the payment of Tw o
 Hundred and fifty-fiye dollars, and interest, all that,
 tract or parcel of land situate in the City of Roches
 ter aforesaid, County of Monroe and State of New
 York: To wit, thiity-tijree feet front on Glasgow
 street, and running back to the rear the same width
 intending to embrace the East half of all that certain
 lot of land in that part of lot fifty-four (54,) in Town
 ship No. 1, of the Short Range, known as the Cale
 donia i l.it; on which the land herein intended, is
 distinguished as lot O, lying between lots 104 and
 105 of said plat it being the East half of the same
 lot, formerly owned by Josiah Bisseil, Junior, ami
 conveyed to Eleazer Tiilotson, on |he'2lst, day of
 March, 1527 See Monroe County Records, Lib 3?
 Eight (8,) of Deeds, at page 471.
 Also, all that tract or parcel of land, situate in the
 City of Rochester, Coytvty ot Monroe, and State of
 New York. To wit, thirty-three fpcf front qii Glas
 gow street, and l tinning buck to the rear the same
 width, intending to embrace the West half, of all that
 certain jot of laud in that part of lot fifty*four (54,)
 in Township No. one, of the Short Range, known as
 the Caledonia Plat, on which the land herein intend
 ed to be granted, is distinguished asGot O, ljing be
 tween lot 104 and 103 of said Plot; it being the
 West half of the same lot, formerly owned bv Josiah
 Bisseil, Junior, and conveyed to Eleazer Tiliotson,
 on the 21st davof March, 1327. See Monroe Coun
 ty Records, Liber (eight (S,) as supposed) of Deeds,
 at page 471.
 And, Whereas, default has been made in the pay
 i merit of the moneys secured by said Mortgage, and
 which are claimed to amount at the time of the first
 publication of this notice, to three hundred and two
 dollars ($302 00.) Now, therefore, notice is hereby
 given, that by virtue of a power of sale contained in
 the said Moitgagc, and in pursuance of the Statutes
 in such case, made and provided, the aboyy describ
 ed Mortgaged"premises, will be sold at public auction
 or vendue at tho Court House, in the City of Roches
 ter, on the twelfth day of June, next, at one o’clock
 in the afternoon of that day.
 GERRIT SMITH, Mortgagee.
 NEH. HUNTINGTON, Att’y.
 Peterboro, March C 1548. niT(^
