No.tirea.
Auwl Media*.
 TWflth Annual Meeting of the WnYta
 Anti-Slavert Socirrr will be held at Sre
 lew, Columbiana Co., oo Wednesday, Thurs
 day, and Fnday, the 10th, 17th, and 18th of
 Augutt, commencing at 10 o'clock, A. M.
 Let a full lepreoeatatton of the slave*’
 friends come up on this occasion from all
 parts of the Great West. The political lead
 en are marshalling their hoots for a conflict,
 their followers are rallying by hundreds of
 +—m db to (he eapport of their party ban
 •era. Tune, and money, and labor are ex
 pended to secure their object. And shall the
 Aieudi of freedom, whose faith should be
 rtrong in the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 aad indifferent while politicians are ao ear
 neat in their labora, ao untiring in their seal 1
 The events of the past year should encourage
 la to renewed e flora, for every movement of
 importance which has been made, having any
 bearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of the system, and
 the oppressors feel that it is so. The political
 pwtiea will make a desperate effort to save
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upon them; and the efforts
 of the abolitionists to maintain and enforce
 the Right should be pioportionably great.
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 ■toeting to continue the anti-slavery agitation
 by the lips of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety’s paper—the Anti-Slavery Bugle. Let
 •one of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves for any light cause, for the pre
 sence of all, and the counsel of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the West
 who will be present on the occasion, Henry
 C. Weight and Char. C. Burleigh are ex
 paeted to be ia attendance, and perhaps other
 representatives of the East.
 LOT HOLMES,
 Recording Sec'y.
Meetings ia the West.
 Henry C. Wright, the Apostle of Peace,
 and Charles C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anti
 alavery Advocate, will hold meetings at the
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th 17th
 New Brighton, 44 19th A 20th
 Louisville Ohio 44 22d
 Youngstown, 24th A 25th
 New Lvroc 41 27th
 Painesville, 29th
 Chagrin Falls, 44 July Ist A2d
 Cleveland, 44 44 4th
 Twinsburgh, 44 44 6th
 Jtiefcfield, 44 44 Bth A 9th
 Akron, 44 44 1 Ith
 Ravenna, 4 44 13th A 14th
 Randolph, 4 15th A 16th
 Massillon, 44 18th
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 and Akron, will commence a! ten o’clock, A.
 M.; the others, on the first day of the meet
 ings at two o’clock, P. M.; subsequent days
 at 10 A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace
 are requested to make all necessary arrange
 ments for the meetings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op
 portunity afforded by these meetings to pay
 for the Anti-Slavery Standard, to Samuel-
 Brooee.
Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, June 20th at the
 Anti-Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance ia requested at 7 o’clock pre
 cisely.
 W C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
 ______________ -r
 Anti-Slavery Meeting.
 A public Meeting will be held at the Court
 House on Sunday next, June 20th, at 3
 o'clock in the afternoon, which will be ad
 dressed by Fredirick Douolass. Mrs.
 Luceetia Mott is also expected to be
 present. Come! Friends of the bondman,
 foes of oppression, lovers of humanity, come
 The Hutchinson*.
 The following note from Jesse Hutchinson
 to the editor of the Lynn Pioneer and Herald
 of Freedom, would seem to lead to the con
 clusion that the expected visit to the West of
 this band of sweet singers, is for the present
 deferred.
 Friend Bradburn, —Dear Sir,— l regret
 very much to inform you that the Hutchin
 son Family may not be able to attend the
 Buffalo Convention on the 14th inst. They
 dtd intend and expect to go, but circumstances
 seem now to forbid it. As 1 gave you the
 information, it becomes my duty to make the
 correction, that no blame may rest upon any
 of us from non-attendance.
 Let me say to yon, however, dear sir, that
 we fully sympathize with you in the con
 templated glorious convention, blieving and
 hoping that the objects for which it is called
 lie at the foundation of all our rights and li
 berties. Yours with estsem,
 Jesse Hutchinson, Jr.
Port ai Prince.
 The brig Draco, Capt. Beauchamp, arrived
 at this port, yesterday morning, haying sailed
 from Port au Prince on the Bth inst. She
 brings a connected history of the events which
 have taken place in that eity. The main
 partiulars agree with those already published.
 It seems tha) the source of all the troubles
 was in the hatred which the blacks entertain
 towards the mulattoes, and that this hatred
 and prejudice broke forth on the 16lh day of
 April, the day for the weekly parading of the
 guards and the army. A large number of
 mulattoes were shot in open conflict with the
 troops, and several as traitors by order of the
 Government.
 A Frcoch corvette was lying in the Roads,
 and the French Consul, with a boldness
 becoming bis dignity, demanded of the Presi
 dent an annesty on threat of bombardment.
 This had its effect, and a proclamation was
 issued granting pardon to all except twelve,
 whose names were given in the proclamation.
 This notice enabled the twelve to escape in
 disguise on board vessels in the harbor.
 Another proclamation was issued calling
 upon the citizens to open their doors and
 resume business, but so little confidence was
 felt in the sincerity of the President, that
 very little attention was paid to the procla
 mation. A letter dated May 6th concludes
 as follows:
 it No further disturbance has since taken
 place, yet very little cunfieence is felt that
 the peace will continue many weeks. The
 President has sot out on a tour through the
 South, with a large force, to restore order,
 and until he returns W further demonstration
 •nil be made.
 The Commercial Ageat of the United
 Stater hoisted his flag in the early part of
 the troubles and his bouse, in eoawion with
 the other Consulates became the asylum of
 the persecuted mulattoes.
 Commerce is at s stand, and the boost of
 the country depreciating every dsy. Many
 families have embarked, and others are pre
 partag to follow as soon as they eaa arrange
 chair nfleift"
There wae m fedkt, say the see—ton.
 that the mnlnttose tfoked to France to m
 than, sed Jtod requested that power to take
 perereriea ef the talari. Boston Bee.
Fteperty Is Man.
 _**TeH mm net ef rights says Lord
 Brougham, 44 talk aetef the property of the
 planter in his slaves. 1 deny the right; I ae-
 not the prepay. The principle.,
 the feelings, ef ear retotooo nature, rim in
 rebellion against R. But the appeal made to
 the undentomhaf to to the heart, the sent
 ence in the same that rejects in. In vaia you
 tell me of the law that saactioas ml a claim.
 —There is a law above all (he enact menu of
 human code*—same throughout the world
 the same in all time; such ash was before
 the daring genius ef Columbus pierced die
 night of agee, and opened to one world the
 source of power, wealth and knowledge, to
 soother all the unutterable woes, such it is at
 this day, it is the law written by the finger of
 God on the heart ef man; and by that law,
 unchangeable aad eternal, while men despise
 fraud, and loathe rapine, and abhor blood,
 the? shall rejeet, with indignation, the wild
 *nd guilty fantasy that man can bold proper
 ty in mao.”
 The sentiment here so beautifully exprese
 ed is every where finding ha way to the hearts
 of the people, aad rapidly resulting in the
 downfall of slavery. The institution has in
 deed already been abolished in moot of the
 governments of the old world, and most ere
 long cease to be tolerated in any. The im
 pulse of the age tends irresistibly to freedom,
 and nothing can say its progress until the
 44 wild and guilty ptontosy that man can bold
 property in man,” is stricken from the code
 of every nation.— Eat.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 16, 1848.
The PresMeuer.
 l When will the patient North learn—what
 has been ao long known and proclaimed by
 intelligent abolitionists—that they have no
 r power or voice in deciding, through either of
 the great political parties, who shall be nomi
 nated to preside over the destinies of these
 United States; and that the great and all
 controlling political influence of this nation is
 concentrated in the hands of three hundred
 thousand men-stealers? When will they learn
 that these two great parties, the Whig and
 the Democratic, are chained to the bloody car
 of Slavery, and that every man in them ia but
 a pitiful pack-horse, with bit in mouth, to be
 guided by the rein, and urged on by the whip
 of his Southern masters? The Democratic
 and Whig National Conventions are but places
 where Northern men go once in four years, to
 give the lie to all their former professions.—
 The little moral capital which they manage
 to accumulate during the interval of four years,
 'is carried there and blasted at a blow. The
 office of these Conventions is to whip and
 brow-beat Northern men into apostacy—and
 most successfully do they accomplish their
 object. The recent nomination of General
 Taylor for the Presidency, by the Whig Na
 tional Convention at Philadelphia, is sufficient
 proof of the trafh of our assertions. The
 nomination of Crenesil Taylor was obviously
 a slave-holding measure—intended to secure
 slave-holding support, and in turn to support
 slavery. It was made in view of the Wil
 mot Proviso,” and to unite determined oppo
 sition to that measure. It was made with a
 view to conciliate the South, and under the
 impression that the dull and servile North
 eould be gulled, beaten, into sup
 poit of Slavery, and a desertion of all their
 pretended regard for human freedom. In this
 nomination we learn the exact estimate which
 Southern men place upon Northern integrity,
 honor, and fidelity. We learn from this that
 they look upon Northern men as the most
 pliable matqpal in the world—without firm
 ness— without principle—and without self
 respect—ready to bow and cringe in any way
 their Southern masters may elect. It is im
 possible that a man could have been selected
 more opposite to all the professions of the
 Whig party at the North, than is this same
 General Taylor.
 They claim to be the true peace, virtuous,
 humane, intelligent, religious, and liberty
 party of the country—and they have as their
 candidate a fierce and bloody warrior, whose
 only recommendation is the success which at
 tended his recent work of human slaughter in
 Mexico. They are the virtuous party —and
 they have as their candidate a man who
 winked at the most horrid rapes and robberies
 committed by our brutal soldiery on the wives
 and daughters of a neighboring republic.—
 They are the intelligent party —and they have
 as their candidate a man notoriously ignorant of
 all the great questions of national interest—
 who declares that his life has been spent in
 the field, and that he has never given the
 questions that now divide parties of this coun
 try sufficient attention to give an intelligent
 opinion upon any one of them. They are the
 idigious party—representing the moral and
 religious sentiments of the North—and they
 have as their candidate and representative a
 man notorious for bis impiety, profanity, and
 blasphemy. When on the battle field of 1
 Buena Vista, when men lay scattered bleeding
 and dying around him, 44 Give ’em hell!—
 give ’em hell!” was the out-pouring of his
 obdurate heart. They are the humane party
 —and they have for their candidate the cruel
 monster through whose agency blood-hounds
 were introduced into Florida to hunt men,
 women, and children, and tear them in pieces.
 They are the liberty party of the country—
 and they have selected as their candidate a i
 villain who is the every day robber of hun
 dreds of his fellow creatures of their rights i
 and liberties. Oh! shame ever-lasting
 shame upon Noithero Whigs, if they can de- i
 grade their souls, by idvocating and support- i
 ing such a man for the Presidency. How
 can they support him without sumping them
 selves as the most miserable of demagogues,
 and worst of hypocrites? It remains to be seen i
 whether they are ready to do this. We hope
 not; and yet we greatly fear they will.—
 What a commentary ia the nomination of such
 a man as General Taylor!
Locmia Mott.
 We learn with unfeigned pleasure, that
 this distinguished friend of the poor bond
 man is now in a neighboring town, and that
 the ts intending to riait Rochester on Sunday
 next. It ia hoped that she will a rail herself
 of our mooting on that day, to open her
 mouth for the dumb. We are sure that a
 good word from her en this subject, would
 remote mountains of prejudice existing espe
 cially among those ef the mm* faith with
 herself.
I" John Van Bares.
 This distinguished gentleman, and ditomibei
 of the pm* of the Democratic party, favored
 our good city with his presence on Monday
 last, and addressed a large audience in the
 court-boom yard, m the subject of the Wil
 ■■t Proviso a' 4 the present aspect of Ameri
 can politics. i-rum what we had heard of his
 principles and ability, we expected much of
 him ia the way of powerful oratory and noble
 sentiment, and we were not disappointed.
 His speech was a most able aad eloquent per
 formance—abounding in clear and conclusive
 arguments, truthful sad lucid statements, ele
 vated and manly sentiments, in tempered with
 biting sarcastic irony, wanned with generous
 homer, aad enlightened and vivified with bril
 liant Hashes of wit from beginning to end. It
 was jost the speech for a popular assembly.
 It was a discourse to the men before whom it
 was delivered, and not to men in the distance.
 It was a plain straightforward speech, which
 the people could understand at once, and they
 did understand it. The whole audience seem
 ed in sympathy with the speaker, and manifest
 ed their interest in the man and his address by
 frequent demonstrations of applause. It was
 highly gratifying to see that the most radical
 thrusts at slavery were the most warmly ap
 plauded, showing that the audience were even
 with the speaker on this subject, if not in ad
 vance of him.
 It is hardly necessary to say, that we do
 not attach much importance to the Wilmot
 Proviso as a means of staying the desolating
 curse of slavery. While we regard it as a
 step in the right direction and hail it as a most
 hopeful sign of the times, it is but a sign —a
 mere sign— of a radical principle, which must
 one day force itself into practice. To that
 principle we must cling. It is not only hos
 tility to the extension, but unrelenting hostility
 to the very existence, of slavery. This prin
 ciple it is the appropriate work of abolitionists
 to fling among the people. They can not and
 ought not to be turned aside from this substan
 tial work, by pursuing signs, shadows, and
 secondary objects. We look upon the Wil
 mot Proviso and its supporters as indications
 of the presence of a great principle in the na
 tional heart, which by putient cultivation will
 one day abolish forever our system of human
 bondage. We are interested in the barn
 burners” and other advocates of the 44 Wilmot
 Proviso,” simply because they are at issue
 with the slave power. To be at war with
 this power in this form is of great advantage
 to the anti-slavery cause—it serves to keep
 (he subject of slavery before the people—to
 deepen their hatred of the system—and to
 break up that harmony between the Northern
 white people and Southern slave-holders,
 which has so long been the safeguard against
 an uprising of the slaves against their cruel
 masters. We therefore say to John Van
 Buren and all others who have only attained
 tis light, Come along in this glorious cause.
 Say not to us, come back to you; but come
 &gt;n yourselves, and if we mistake not you will
 soon find broader ad* more substantial issues
 vith slavery than y&lt;m have yet discovered.
 Hie attempt to kick you out of the Dcmo
 rratic National Convention, and its success,
 &gt;ught to lead you to examine the&lt;value of
 4 our glorious Union.” If New York can
 stand without the union of the Democratic
 &gt;arty, she can stand without union with slave
 holders and if need be, stand without the
 rnion of these States.
Hopeful Signs.
 Political parties and ecclesiastical organiza
 tions are crumbling; the North and South are
 falling asunder; Northom Whigs and North
 ern Democrats are fraternizing, and a grand
 rally is to be made against the slave power in
 the coming political campaign. The con
 science Whigs of fthe East, the Barnburners
 of this State, and men of all parties in Ohio,
 are avowing their determinaton to present an
 opposing front to the impudent nominations of
 the Whig and Democratic conventions. It is
 evident to all reflecting men, that Northern
 men and opiuions can never be respected in
 either of the great political organizations of
 this country, while slavery exists. Parties
 must therefore be broken up. The salvation
 of the country, the slave, and the national
 honor, require their utter destruction. And if
 we do not very much misapprehend the signs
 of the times, the hour of their destruction
 draweth nigh. It is impossible that persons
 so opposite, principles so antagonistic, can
 long continue in political union and good fel
 lowship. There must and ought to be a
 breaking up of parties. The issues present
 ed at this time, are broad and distinct. The
 South claims the right to introduce slavery
 into free territory, necessarily to the exclusion
 of free labor, and has succeeded in compelling
 both political parties to nominate men favora
 able to her schemes, while the North is
 weaponless, and left to the alternative of
 either succumbing to Southern domination, or
 like men to rise up and snap their chains.—
 We wait to see which course they will
 choose.
Niagara Falls.
 It is no part of our intention to attempt any
 description of this stupendous wonder. It is
 beyond the power of talent, poetry, or genius
 to describe it. The jpinute and descriptive
 pen of Scott would fail in such an attempt,
 while the wildest and grandest flights of By
 ron would be powerless, lifeless, and cold in
 comparison of the awful thunders of this eter
 nal reality—this living voice of the ever-living
 God. We merely w ish to mentioo our recent
 visit and the fact that we bad the privilege of
 addressing quite a large audience in the Bap
 tist meeting-house at Niagara village, on last
 Sunday afternoon and evening. The oppor
 tunity was one that we scarcely expected,
 knowing the slave-holding influence ever set
 ting in upon the place and its general pro
 slavery character. We are happy to state
 that a great change has evidently come over
 the people. It ia now but three years since
 we were insulted in the most shameful man
 ner, and excluded from every iespectahle hotel
 in the place, solely on account of our color, so
 that to be decently accomodated, we were
 compelled to go to the British side of the falls.
 This rime we received no insults, were treated
 with great chriliyr, and accomodated at the
 St. Lawrence Hotel with every show of kind
 ness and with only one drawback upon it all;
 and that was, not being allowed to sit at the
 table with the other boarders—ourself and
 company being compelled to at at a separate
 table. We mentioo this feet with no visor of
 refleensg open the yrnprim of An boose.
He m altogether aa meh had* than I
 naghbem tkat we wave surprised that I
 dmuld he allowed ta live than at al. TV
 adviro aboikwM visiting the M» to r
 member tha St. Lawrence Hotel fteotabl;
 Cwciwtn, J«w 4, 1848.
 Duk Dorsuw:—l eead you »y h
 epistle from this dty far the pneeat. Sine
 I last wrote yea, I hare held several
 ingi, all of which, like the preceding, wn
 full of interest, by the presence of aumeroc
 anxious listeners—the ladies, aa nsnal, fas
 ing the largest part of the amrmhly.
 I hare also been ta Ripley, 40 miles ahor
 Cincinnati, in Brown county, where I he]
 ooe meeting in the church of the famous Di
 John Rankin, Jong and favorably known t
 the friends of humanity in this country aa
 firm friend of the panting fugitive. Hi
 bouse has been made the resting place for th
 way-worn and weary fa years, In the grot
 chagrin of the sbveoerata of hit neighboi
 hood, and the slaveholders of Kentucky.—
 One friend informs me, and it certainly ap
 pears like an over-estimate, that he hasknowi
 as many aa forty to be there at a time
 “packed away” in the underground depot.—
 This depot, as a matter of course, is not ii
 the house of Dr. Rankin, but situated in s
 cavern about two miles south, of the wherea
 bouts of which none but abolitionists an
 aware. This accounts for the great mistaki
 on the part of the soul-seekers, who fre
 quently, or at least have at different times, b]
 brute force, entered the house of this age*
 gentleman, whes they knew him to be unpro
 tec ted—his eldest son being absent, sod non*
 but children and females at home—in searcl
 of their victims, but without success. Twa*
 well it was the house of Rev. John Rankii
 they dared enter, and not some I wot of—yea
 very well!
 In Ripley, throgh a small village, there re
 side several cdored families, all of whom
 are industrious and well-doing, one of whom
 is an undertaker, one had a rope-walk, anoth
 er a brick-yard, in which many hands are em
 ployed several carpenters, stone-masons, and
 brick-layers, all of whom are industriously
 employed at their several vocations. They
 are nearly all freeholders, and have, or are
 in the act of building neat and comfortable
 little cottages, which do them much credit.—
 With the assistance of an excellent and tal
 ented young gentleman of literary qualifica
 tions, who ieeently left Cincinnati and has
 taken up his residence there, much good may
 and will be done among the faithful few of
 Ripley. They have a church and a literary
 society there, and colored and white children
 go to the same schools.
 Our professed anti-slavery friends at Ripley
 are not prepared to hear the declaration of
 the whole counsel,” and the truth spoken
 as it should be in God;” and I am much in
 clined to think, with perhaps but one or two
 exoeptiens, their anti-slavery finds enrreney at
 par, on the credit of Rev. Mr. Rankiir, whose
 solvency in that particular I believe to be be
 yond a controversy and the old gentleman
 faithful, being abaqpt at the time, may rea
 sonably account for the detection on my jsart
 »f the fictitious article, which only required
 his presence to give it credit. I called at his
 house, and saw his sons and tfyighters—
 frank, familiar and intelligent, though plain
 and unpretending. should have been pleased
 to see and shake hands with the old gen
 tleman faithful.
 I return again to speak of Cincinnati, iu
 which place I find many things of interest.—
 i There are more, many more, mechanics in
 this city than I was aware of; and it requires
 lime to find out the facts. Indeed, there are
 many of the most intelligent citizens of hoth
 classes who are not aware of it, and the re
 ality is only known when an interested
 stranger or public man comes into the
 city, whose business it is to make such inves
 tigations.
 In addition to other mechanical and profes
 sional enterprises named in my last, there are
 some colored men engaged in chemical estab
 lishments—one in particular, in which the
 principal chemist in the establishment is a
 colored man. There is also an extensive
 blacksmithing establishment carried on by an
 aged colored gentleman in Walnut street,who
 has a number of hands, white and colored,
 working for him, he standing at one fire,”
 who has contracts on hand with the first re
 sponsible men of the city, of from one to six
 hundred dollars. Occupations such as these
 bring men into intercourse with the first busi
 ness men of the place, and establish an ac
 quaintance and secure a confidence that noth
 ing else will. It gives men a credit for both
 money and means, or articles of trade and
 business commodities. Men of business, mer
 chants and others, will seek an acquaintance
 with men of this description, because, accord
 ing to business policy, and the laws of com
 mercial economy, an interchange of trade
 being necessary for the sustenance of the
 system, it is their interest to do so, as well as
 duty.
 There is also, I learn, about to be estab
 lished a large and fashionable staple and
 fancy shoe store, by a large capitalist and
 very active gentleman of business tact and
 habits, associating with him a competent me
 chanic, and one of the best workmen in the
 city—both colored of course. All this to me
 is news the most cheering. It is that wnich
 will raise the colored class in this country, as I
 by enchantment, from degradation to entire;
 manhood and actual equality with those who
 now dispute their susceptibility for the higher
 attainments.
 The young women of Cincinnati, of the
 colored class, are far in advance of those
 of any other place that I have visited.—&lt;
 Nearly the whole of them have trades, and
 have continually as much employment as they
 can attend to. Those who are not employed
 by others, and do not employ, take bostoeaa'
 into their own houses, mod thus gain a re-'
 spectable livelihood, with aD the advantages
 of domestic comfort and social happiness.—
 There is scarcely such a class to be found as
 colored servant girls in Cincinnati, from the
 fad that nearly all have trades- The white
 girls, such as those of oriental” extraction,
 are tbs complete monopolists of female me
 nialism in this city. Nor do the young wo*
 men find say difficulty in getting employment
 in establishments controlled and owned by
 white persons. These is ooe establishment,
 in particular, perhaps the largest sad finest
 in the dty, fa tha mannfoetam of linen and
 comets, and all kinds af linens and muslin
 gowns, where than are amt twain or
is eighteen jmnf «okri« women, constantly
 ami jirrtnkly Hvw ***l P I*** 1
 mj bn exported tnfcilrwtbepraieeworthy
 example of the yean* edored tehee of Cm
 r Chml tm; pim manMiaMy
 oaae np to this standard? Detenmnatwo sad
 niAmdstwo oaljr m aoeeamry tklermi
 nation I* do—to M set, act, ia the living
 e presence act.”
 t- To m already elevated, and reined, and
 e enlightened people, there might appear, in
 a this notice and Bnoomotn upon mechanics,
 h tradesmen, and the eoerse of the young col
 ored women, scarcely aught to applaud or
 a merit notice in an editorial correspondence;
 I hot when it in bene in mind that we are hot
 ia a primitive State—e people, as it were,
 0 who, like the ancient Greeks and Romans,
 a when visited by the literati and philosophers
 of Africa, are just beginning to receive the
 b germ* of enlightened gvihasthw; theu the
 t appropriateneeajof the’eoarae will readily be
 acknowledged. A practical precept of one
 sentence is worth a page of unintelligible jar
 gee. The elevation of our race in general,
 i and class in particular, is the ultimatum of our
 aim, and whatever respectfully and honora
 bly contributes to this end, is among the
 i means to be used for its accomplishment. I
 i cannot agree with some writers, that great
 matters, or ia other words, great things, ex
 pressed by great words, are alone worthy of
 f great minds, or the notice of great persona.
 We are a small people—occupy a small
 sphere—constituting a small number com
 II pared with those by whom we are surrounded;
 j also, the gieater part of whom, at present,
 have but a small conception of things. Now,
 11 to my mind, the greatest effort that can be
 i made is, tD suitably adapt ourselves to their
 underslanding, imparting to them a correct
 knowledge of things, though the language
 may appear homely aed void of refinement,
 but proper. You know I care little for pre
 cedent, and therefore discard the frivolous
 rules of formality, conforming always to
 principle, suggested by conscience,and guided
 by the ligftt of reason.
 The Cincinnatians, I mean the colored, are
 a highly susceptible and very interesting peo
 ple. They have been misrepresented in many
 particulars, and it requires an actual acquaint
 ance with them before their true character can
 be known.
 They have themselves a wrong conception
 of the people in many other places, especially
 their Pittsburgh neighbors, all for the want of
 an actual acquaintance. There are some of
 the noblest and best spirits to be found among
 our people in this city, and they only want
 the encouragement and approbabation of the
 leading minds and master spirits of other pla
 ces, to give them an impulse, which, like tbe
 ushering of bodies into space, shall continue
 forever in motion. I believe and expect
 much good will be accomplished among the
 colored citizens of Cincinnati, and they are
 fully determined that nothing on their part
 shall be wanting. They are willing and
 ready to bear the expenses of competent per
 sons to come and counsel with them. Indeed,
 I found myself much disappointed. Instead
 of that spirit of selfishness and bigotry with
 which the hare bepn charged,«l
 found, to thq contrary, that they are kind,
 hospitable, sociable and unassuming in the
 extreme, always ready and willing to give
 merit its due, and, indeed, they extend their
 courtesies to the utmost extent of the desires
 of the most insatiable for such favors. Per
 haps from the kindness of their hearts, they
 sometimes extend it where it is not due—at
 least, where it may not be merited. They
 are indeed a very grateful people, and this I
 conceive to be saying much. I opine, and
 that not w ilhout the best of reasons for saying
 so, that if the North Star continues to be
 conducted as I know it will, as a useful and
 instructive organ, that its conductors will al
 ways meet with a most hearty welcome from
 the citizens of the “Que^n.”
 The whites, in the main, of this place are
 kind and courteous, and the principal reason
 of 'the distance between them and the colored
 citizens, is, as expressed by an intelligent col
 ored gentleman, because the colored people
 themselves have never taken advantage of the
 opportunities they haveof being sociable with
 them. This 1 believe mainly to be true, and
 is an eggregrious error on the part of the col
 ored citizens. They must come forward,
 confront opposition, and manfully, though
 prudently it may be, maintain their rights in
 every particular. This being done, the Cin
 cinnatians must become among the greatest
 and foremost in our country. The miserable
 influence of those Kentuckians across the
 river, ia fast losing effect among tbe Cincin
 natians.
 One word more to the young men. I men
 tioned in my last that they were not doing
 their part. It is true that there are some—
 yes, an honorable few—who are found at the
 cabinet, in the carpenter’s shop, at the shoe
 maker’s bench, the anvil, and so on and
 these I respect .as honorable exceptions but
 by far the greater part coQtent themselves
 with inferior situations to these. Many of
 them have steamboating as a principal occu
 pation, and after having worked studiously for
 several months, they come off the river with
 money sufficient to keep them respectably
 jntil they could qualify themselves ia pen
 manship and arithmetic, sufficient for counting
 house purposes, or sufficient to purchase them
 selves a hundred and fifty acres of good land,
 in Michigan or elsewhere, or to set them up
 in a respectable small trading boat ness of
 some kind, or support them comfortably for
 two years st Obeilin hot instead of this, the
 most they appear to think about ia dress aod
 pleasure—almost discarding the young indus
 trious mechanic of ooane clothes and plain
 habits; while they do nothing but buggy-ride
 day after day, nntii their capital is exhausted,
 and probably before their buaineas season re
 turns and thus they get into debt for board
 ing and washing, and out of credit with every
 body.
 The sequel of the matter that they in
 all probability put fire hundred dollars into the
 hands of an oppressor, who is rendered fast
 much stronger, and torn qiicntly enabled to
 ■re aa minenee against there or their ebaa;
 sad aneeriagly rebukes then by firing nuer
 saoe to the faet, that s Fool and his money
 seen part.**
 Great efforts are being* made ia behalf of
 the colored Orphan Asylum. A fob for the
 parpaao is to commence on Monday, ia a
 large hall ia the city. The ladies sad gentle
 men are all my active, sad determined to da
 their duty.
A mtfaieal senee via bald on Mat Friday
 ftoili by (be wM hand of jrMßfcM
 bMyof baldMinorfi’ Masting. TWfi
 JM |Mt credit Is lha—rlvwe, and if ifrst
 great taste and soneaptihility for the "fine
 art** if Basic. On this occasion they bad s
 fins andwnce, lbs spams ball being »*il
 filled. The young bob are aery geaerons,
 tendering their services without charge an all
 benevolent occasions. May they grow great
 and good, an they Boat certainly will Mines*
 and skilful in their profession
 1 leave on Monday for Dayton.
 Toon for God and humanity,
 M R. D.
New Englend AatMtemr Cnwvswtlwn.
 It will be gratifying to the readers of the
 North Star to learn that this gathering of the
 friends of humanity was in do neaped behind
 those of former years. One thing is certain,
 nerer were bolder and sterner truths enunci
 ated or argued, or their appropriate eloquence
 more effective upon a thronged and intelligent
 audience.
 The Convention held its day session at the
 Melodeon, commencing oa Taesday, May 3d,
 and Faneuil Hal), the old cradle of Liberty,
 was trailed of by the susses, who gave
 eager attention to the sublime and lofty ex
 pression of freedom's champions for the three
 evenings. The following wets appointed offi
 cers of the Convention:

 J fcoMaXs
 EDMUND QUINCY.
 Vice Presidents,
 Francis Jackson, Frxdibick Douglass,
 Petes Libbey, Edmund Jackson,
 Parker Pillsbury, Caleb D. Williams.
 Business Committee,
 Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips,
 Chas. F. Hovey, STaria W. Chapman, Lucy
 Stone, Caroline Weston, Stephen S. Foster,
 Chas. C. Burleigh, Adin Ballou.
 Secretaries,
 Samuel May, Jr., Wm. C. Nell, Eliia J.
 Kenny.
 Finance,
 James N. Buffum, Loring Moody, Samuel
 Brooke, Wm. W. Brown, John M. Spear.
 The resolutions submitted by the Business
 Committee were of the most ultra character,
 and their discussions were highly interesting,
 being participated in by the following among
 other speakers: William Lloyd Garrison,
 Wendell Phillips, Theodore ParkcT,Frederick
 Douglass, Wm. H. Channing, Charles Lenox
 Remond, Parker Pillsbury, William W.
 Brown, Stephen S. Foster, Charles C. Bur
 leigh, Adin Ballou, John Pierpout, Edwin
 Thompson, and other well known advocates
 of a righteous but persecuted cause.
 The topics embraced in the resolutions
 were of the usual character, only improved
 as, in the opinion of the movers, the signs ol
 the times demanded. The pro-slavery fea
 tures of the Constitution, and duty enjoined
 upon all abolitionists to withhold their alle
 giance while it was the formidable obstacle in
 the path of emancipation the support guar
 anteed to slavery by the American church, re
 ceived its due share of attention. The posi
 tion of political parties, their proMnnent candi
 dates, each engaged the thought and voice of
 the Convention. Expressions of sympathy
 for Sayres, Drayton and English, now in the
 prison at Washington for aiding 77 slaves to
 escape, also were embodied, as were several
 other departments of the great subject of
 American slavery.
 Frederick Douglass, at the opening of the
 meeting, expressed the hope that there would
 be no lack of speech, especially at a time
 when there was so much love of freedom and
 hatred of slaveiy, and called upon James N.
 Buffum to narrate some of the incidents of his
 recent visit to Washington, who detailed the
 treatment meted out to the three men above
 mentioned, and hie interview, in particular,
 with Captain Drayton, whom he considered
 the man of the occasion, the moving spirit on
 board the Pearl. He found him resigned to
 his fate, though subjected to very hard prison
 discipline. A message from his wife excited
 the lively gratitude of his heart. He con
 fessed that nothing else had troubled him but
 solicitude for those near and dear to him.—
 The demonstrations of kindness on the part
 of visitors, touched even the officers of the
 prison,one of whom acknowledged his convic
 tion that the anti-slavery people were doing
 something. The visit to the National Prison
 had tended in an eminent degree to increase
 his (Mr. B.’s) opposition to slavery, and
 nerve him with seal for its removal from the
 capital and the country.
 Mr. Garrison commented upon some ex
 tracts from an English paper, relative to a
 recent meeting in Kingston, Jamaica, among
 the former planters, at which time an address
 was delivered by a distinguished clergyman,
 replete with anti-slavery sentiment, aud which
 was received by the residents with unanimous
 applause. He announced, That before he
 w ould have slavery re-established in Jamaica,
 he hoped the island would sink to the bottom
 of the ocean; that the institution was a foul
 blot: it was his abhorrence.** He uttered bis
 indignation in view of America being the
 strong bold of slavery.
 Edwin Thompson of Walpole, suggested
 an inquiry for many honest persons, whether
 slavery could not be abolished without de
 stroying the American Union, This gave
 rise to as animated discussion between Messrs.
 Garrison, Phillips, Pierpont, Douglass, Bur
 leigh, and Mellea, as to the constructions
 placed upoo the Constitution, and what re
 sponsibilities were enjoined by yielding it
 obedience. The majority of speakers and
 of the Convention were confirmed in the be-
 Iktf that honest ant&gt;slavery men could not vote
 or take office under a Consthution which, to
 all intents, sanctioned and fostered the odious
 system by which three miUkas of Americana
 were held in chains.
 Frederick Douglass alluded to the letter
 from Jamaica, and believed that the demon
 stration there was but a rose to gain anti
 slavery infiumce in England. In the course
 of his remarks, a tribute* was awarded Hun. J
 R. GKillings, for his recent brilliant speech in
 Congress, an an indication of anti-slavery pro
 gress But a few years since, sentiment!
 uttered there, fhr lean radical or pouted, bar
 subjected him to expulsion; hut that new
 southern members had lsatnnd that anti ah
 very would bn heard on the is m, we haw
 obtained what will eventually abobsb slavery
 via—Free Speech.
 The cause is onward, and esanrt now h
retarded for if Mr. Giddings thou Id be mm
 Imnm for hia bold apeakwg, be would receive
 a new baptism of freedom, and be returned m
 triamph. Should pro-slavery hate, destroy hie
 lifo, be would shy more at his death thaa
 ever before, and the reach would prove an
 awakened determination on the part of free
 dom's allies to be beard and felt on tbs exciting
 qaeatioa.
 Anu-dsvery baa now become auch a pm*
 ratling topic for (bought and discussion, that
 aay of its gatherings, whether held in spa
 cious halls or in ekarebes, —a village school*
 boueee, or m the gteve*—Cod's first [temple*
 —they are always prolific with internet, im~
 I fining sometimes looked for, but
 I seldom obtained at aay other meetings. This
 is specially characteristic of the New England
 Anti-Slavery Convention, where the devoted
 band of tree men and women assemble from
 all over the country, to lay their offerings on
 freedom’s ahar, and inhale inspiration to be
 developed on returning to their immediate
 spheres of inflaence. It has been, and long
 may it coalman thus, the aati-alaveiy Mecca,
 to which, like 4he eastern devotees to their
 chosen city, the boats feel boand to perform
 an annual pilgrimage.
 I am not rain enough to attempt a report
 of the discussions elicited by the aeries of
 resolutions, but will allude to a few prominent
 individuals and speeches, whic hmajr convey
 bird’s-eye view of a scene replete with hope*
 and encouragement to the slave on the son th
 em plantation. In another column, it baa
 been already intimated that the evening mo
 aions were held in Faneud Hall, where the
 crowded attendance was an appropriate tribal*
 to the eloquent arguments submitted by the
 galaxy of talent and worth, unsurpassed oa
 aay other platform.
 The pro-slavery character of the America*
 Constitution was frequently discussed, and the
 remarks thereupon were listened to with un
 precedented attention. Frederick Douglass
 commenced his speech at Faneuil Hall by re
 minding the audience that he stood before
 those who were the enslavers of himself and
 brethren, and that what he might feel to
 offer, would not be agreeable to the venerators
 of the Constitution but it was them who
 said, through that instrument, “If you, slaves,
 dare to rise and assert your freedom, we of
 the north will come down vpon yoa like an
 avalanche, and crush you to pieces.” He
 met the taunt of cowardice charged upon the
 slave, by Tebukbig its pro-slavery authors, aa
 coming with an ill grace from them, they
 being eighteen millions strong, the slaves ig.
 norant, degraded, unarmed, and but three
 millions. The crushed bondman appeals to
 you, northern men, to stand away from the
 southern slaveholder, and give us fair play.—
 You should say to them, If yeu will im
 brue your hands in the blood of your biethren,
 do it at your own risk and peril.” There are
 noble spirits among the slaves, who would
 appreciate such a position, and assert their
 rights to freedom. It you give them, instead
 of their oppressors, your sympathy. Mr.
 Douglass alh.ded to Nathaniel Turner, the
 Hero of Southampton, who endeavored.to
 gain liberty for himself and brethren by the
 same means employed by the Revolutinary
 fathers. When captured, he was stripped
 and compelled to walk, bare-footed, 30 yards
 on burning coals, and then fell, pierced by a
 hundred bullets. I call upon you, said Mr.
 Douglass, to refuse being the body guards of
 slavery, and no longer render support to the
 tyrants.
 I know, said he, you look upon the colored
 man as necessarily degraded, as beneath you;
 but despite all that, we arc men. You may
 pile up statutes against our manhood heaven
 high, but we are men—your brothers for all
 that. (This expression was received with
 loud cheers.) The audience were reminded
 that once the Anglo-Saxon race in England
 were subject to their Norman conquerors*
 though they now claimed superiority all
 others, and the right to plunder and enslave
 them all; and over France, too, this superiority
 was claimed. Infidel France* you term her*
 But Infidel France,” whet emerged from at
 Monarchy to a Republic* emancipates hex
 slaves, and the delegation of colored people
 who waited upon the Minister Creimeux in
 Paris, were treated—-not with indignity aad
 contempt—-not rejected—not asked to show
 their free papess—but responded to as meni
 and brothers. I would not he regarded as an,
 infidel to Christianity, but commend me al
 ways to th«t infidelity which strikes off the.
 chains, in preference to that religion which,
 rivets them m.
 Charles C. Burleigh, in a speech of much,
 eloquence and power, alluded to the impris-t
 onment of Capt. Sayres and companions at
 Washington, contrasting the United Staten
 with Algiers, though compelled to seknowk
 edge the position of the lattes an the most,
 commendable, for there slavery waa abolish-,
 ed; while Washington, ouv national
 was yet a slave marl.
 In speaking ef the reeent revolutionary
 scenes in Paris, he asked if it was noble in,
 the blouses to erect barricades and achieve
 iheir own civil liberty* bow much more ao
 were those men at Washington heroes, who.
 perilled their lives, tbeir all, for the liberty k
 not of themselves, bat for others, who among,
 you believes they did wrong 1 Not a man
 of you. Retribution has fallen on the laocfc
 m consequence of our sins. We are suffer
 ing in the foct that we have no sensibility oa
 the subject of slavery. The string is worn,
 away that should vibrate to a lively senee of
 tmr condition. The speaker coocluded with a
 reference to the term No Union with slsve
 bolders,” not being understood by some.—
 Because wo cannot establish complete non-,
 intercourse are we justified by a connection
 w hich holds the slave secure in his t J a
 it not time to proclaim no union with slave
 holders Answer it to your -mark in ts
 William H. Chansing reminded the meet
 ing that two years ago, when the Abohuon
 had said that the Union waa diaaohrod*
 they were called traitors. But thank God*
 we were enabled to speak the true word
 That was a noble position, and none now re
 freoei for sewiming it then. When Texas
 waa annexed, the bond of onion between the
 Smiee wan aerated. Since then, the nation
 hae retrograded we have become corrupt
 and aeepoenl, and have loot the spmt of oea
 snrastus. A bed deed bring* ha owe m*th
 Mr. Oheaedeg spoke of the good nmaea
 vuible— -east, west, north and iwtfi
 tendering whet he coeeidered a jm* tribote le
 the National Ere, with the edit* ef wbjchhf
